2024 
Corporate 
Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our purpose 
We take energy forward, making it safer, cleaner and 
Who we are We are an energy technology company.more efficient for people and the planet. 
About this report 
This report contains information about the sustainability performance of Baker 
Hughes Company (“Baker Hughes,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) and is the We take energy forward—making it safer, cleaner and more efficient forOur purposeprimary mechanism by which we report investor-grade data and hold ourselves people and the planet.accountable to stakeholders. The report includes real-world stories to illustrate 
the impact of our work as well as data-driven insights, for the calendar year 
ended December 31, 2024. 
Our frameworks To be a sustainable pioneer in everything we do, positioning Baker Hughes
Sustainability vision as a leading energy technology provider of choice.This sustainability report was created in reference to Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI) Standards and the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol, which provide the 
foundation of our report. The Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), CDP, and Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) disclosures for 
the Gas Services Industry Standard–Extractives and Minerals Processing Sector 
are in the appendix. Our values 
 Grow 
 Lead 
See challenge as Make, invent andAccessibility and usability 
opportunity and perform withThis report delivers enhancements designed to improve usability including a 
learn every day. impact.color palette to support accessibility for visually impaired readers, digital reading 
accommodations for migraine sufferers and supplementary digital media. 
Reports and policies 
Our reports and policies are accessible on our website. Collaborate Care 
Inspire, be inclusive Do the right thing 
and bring out the always, for our 
best in each other. customers, our people 
and the environment. 
Figure 1-1 Our values guide our path as an organization. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 2

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Contents 
A letter from our leaders 4 Planet 34 Principles 52 
Sustainability progress @ scale 5 
Who we are 6 
At Baker Hughes, our strategy isn’t just about 7 
adapting to change—it’s about leading it 
Innovation guiding our path…Moving into horizon two 8 
We enhance mature asset lifespan with advanced 8 
technology solutions 
Delivering new energy technology 9 
Innovative digital solutions for energy and industry 11 
Our digital solutions are redefining how our customers look at data 12 
Sustainability at Baker Hughes 13 
Sustainable practices are good for business 13 
At Baker Hughes, sustainability is everyone’s responsibility 13 
Assessing sustainability topics- Global Reporting Index materiality 14 
GRI materiality assessment – 2024 16 
People  17 
Our people strategy 18 
Our people 19 
Representation of women 20 
People of color representation 21 
Our culture, values and behaviors 22 
Our unified talent strategy 23 
Our employee value proposition 24 
Engage and develop 24 
Recognize and reward 27 
Total rewards 27 
Belonging at Baker Hughes 28 
Global initiatives champion diversity, inclusion and belonging 29 
Diversity in our workforce 30 
Inclusion 31 
Baker Hughes Foundation and volunteerism 33 
Our planet strategy 35 
Emissions reduction journey 36 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions 37 
Emissions reduction levers  39 
Actions, not offsets, drive real change 40 
Scope 3 emissions 41 
Measuring emissions intensity for sustainable economic growth 43 
Our products help reduce our customers’ emission 43 
Leveraging FastLCA to provide emissions insights to our customers 44 
All in. Carbon out. 45 
Minimizing our environmental footprint 46 
Our Renew COI keeps sustainability top of mind 46 
Waste management and circular economy 47 
Water stewardship 48 
Spills and releases 49 
Our commitment to reducing air emissions and chemical stewardship 49 
Protecting biodiversity and natural capital 50 
Managing opportunities and risks due to climate change 51 
and transition to low-carbon economy 
Our principles strategy 53 
We promote sustainable governance 54
 Board of Directors 54 
Governance of sustainability 55 
Buffering sustainability risks through our Enterprise Risk 55 
Management process 
Championing ethics and compliance 56 
Aligning policies, customer needs and compliance 58 
Our proactive approach to policy framework 58 
Preparing for new regulations 58 
Tax 59 
Human rights 59 
Commitment at Baker Hughes 60 
SSRP enhances supply chain integrity and compliance 61 
Safety and security 62 
Enhanced data protection, privacy and cybersecurity processes 63 
Uphold high HSE Standards 64 
Our comprehensive process safety management 65 
aligns with industry best practices 
Enhancing global occupational health programs 65 
Appendices 67 
Appendix A: Standard Alignment Tables 68 
Appendix B: Statements and Notes with Independent Accountants’ Report 84 
Appendix C: Stakeholder Engagement 121 
ON THE COVER: From left: Camilla Lazzini, Anna Christa Al Badawi, Saif Al Shukri, Marco Comida, 
Ercilia Cahanda, IET 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 3

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
A letter from our leaders 
In 2024, we combined economic development and environmental sustainability2024 was a tumultuous year. Amidst the global People
for the benefit of both our business and our customers. While we saw a marginal 
geopolitical changes, dynamic regulatory complexities, We are dedicated to the well-being and development of our employees.
decrease in our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reductions, we achieved This starts with a world-class work culture instilled with integrity,
rise in technologies and even a shift in how companies almost 40% reduction in emissions intensity for our operational emissions versus compliance and inclusion for all. In 2024, we launched our Eight Behaviors
talk about sustainability, the world continued to our base year – demonstrating our commitment and discipline to reduce our to unify a multicultural, global workforce and align our core values to how 
experience devastating impacts of climate change direct and indirect operational emissions at a time when our business activities we work. You can read more about this initiative in the People section. 
continue to grow.due to a warming planet. Planet 
As climate change impacts human life globally, we continue to rigorously review Our commitment to the environment is unwavering. We acknowledge the
Baker Hughes remains committed to sustainability as it is integrated into our our operations to mitigate risks and adapt to climate change locally, all while role we play in addressing climate change by incorporating sustainable
commercial strategy in how we deliver sustainable solutions to our customers. practices in our business and helping our customers do the same. In 2024,minimizing our environmental impact across our facilities in the communitiesWe take a comprehensive view of the energy ecosystem, integrating both we completed 590 emissions lifecycle assessments (LCAs) for our productswhere we conduct business. Despite the evolving shift in sustainability narrative,traditional and renewable energy sources while driving operational efficiency and services, bringing our total to nearly 1,000 LCAs for commercialwe remain focused on creating a fair and inclusive workplace where everyoneand emissions reduction across the energy value chain. We do this for our own solutions. Such transparency enables our customers to make informedfeels valued and empowered to contribute their best.sustainability progress, as well as how we deliver lower carbon energy solutions decisions to reduce or mitigate their emissions as well. Read more about 
to the market. This holistic approach aims to meet global energy needs safely, LCAs in the Planet section.
Our strong corporate governance structure, along with strategic oversight fromsecurely and affordably. our Board of Directors, allows us to navigate the regulatory complexities while Principlesremaining competitive, resilient and sustainable in dynamic times. We are We continue to remain vigilant about the safety of our workplaces. In
committed to upholding the highest ethical, safety and security standards. In 2024, our total recordable incident rate decreased by 11% compared to
2024, nearly 100% of our employees completed our Code of Conduct training, 2023, with 206 Perfect HSE Days. We continue to ensure visibility of our HSE
including 93% of our governance body members, while 100% of our security performance across the enterprise, concluding the year with the first-ever 
personnel are trained in human rights. external assurance over Principles data. 
“At Baker Hughes, we design, build and deliver “We are holding the course to advance 
transformative, innovative solutions aimed sustainability. People are at the center of what 
at solving many of the world’s complex we do and who we do it for, demonstrated by 
challenges for a lower-carbon future. Our our strong commitment to the Ten Principles 
ability to simultaneously drive economic of United Nations Global Compact and UN 
growth and achieve significant emissions Sustainable Development Goals. We deliver value 
reductions underscores our leadership in to our stakeholders by driving sustainability 
the energy sector and our impact towards throughout our operations and across our value 
sustainable energy development.” chain, with our employees leading the way in 
advancing a sustainable future for all.”Lorenzo Simonelli, 
Chairman, President and CEO Allyson Anderson Book, 
Chief Sustainability Officer 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 4

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Sustainability progress @ scale 
People 
Our global workforce included more than 
57,000 employees 
Our employees volunteered for a total 
of 44,613 hours 
Our total voluntary attrition 
decreased to 6.0% 
Planet 
We achieved a 39.5% reduction in 
emissions intensity for scope 1 and 2 
from our 2019 base year 
We achieved a 29.3% reduction of scope 1 
and 2 emissions from our 2019 base year 
Our operational waste decreased by 
13.8% from our 2022 base year 
Principles 
Our team recorded 206 Perfect HSE1 Days 
Our SSRP2 closed 95% of red flag audits 
within 90 days 
Our combined Tier 1 and 2 diverse supplier 
spend increased to $632 million in 2024 
We are committed to the United Nations’ 
Sustainable Development Goals 
Global Impact Award by the UN Association of Houston 
We were awarded the Global Impact Award for our sustainability progress  
and unwavering commitment to advancing the UN Sustainable  
Development Goals (SDGs) through impactful community initiatives. The  
award recognizes our exceptional contributions to environmental stewardship, 
affordable and clean energy, climate action and contributions in advancing 
sustainable communities, cities and life on land as well as our continued  
leadership in fostering positive change both locally and globally. 
In 2019, we pledged to advance the Ten Principles of the UNGC into our strategy, 
culture and business practices. We were among the first in our sector to make 
a net-zero pledge, emphasizing the importance of meeting the world’s energy 
demand sustainably. Sustainability is central to our corporate strategy, helping 
us transform our core business and drive profitable growth while we transition 
our energy system to a lower carbon state. Our sustainability strategy aligns 
with 11 of the 17 UN SDGs and connects our commercial strategy with voluntary 
reporting frameworks. 
“We are committed to advancing the UN SDGs to 
create a cleaner, safer and fairer world through 
innovation and collaboration. By partnering with 
trade associations, non-governmental organizations, 
think tanks and academia, we accelerate progress 
at scale towards sustainable energy solutions.” 
Marie Merle Caekebeke, 
Executive Sustainability Strategic Engagement 
Awards and recognition 
JUST Capital Industry Leader 2024 
MSCI AA ESG Rating 
EcoVadis Bronze sustainability rating 
S&P Sustainability Yearbook 
S&P Platts Chief Executive of the Year 
S&P Platts Global Energy Transition Award for LNG 
The European Most Advanced Oilfield Services and Energy Technology 
Solutions Global 2024 
The European Outstanding Contribution to Sustainable Transformation 
US 2024 
Charge B2B Energy Innovator of the Year in 2024 
#1 on the Houston Chronicle’s Top 100 Companies 
ALLY Energy People’s Choice: Best Energy Workplace of the Year 
ALLY Energy People’s Choice: Best ERG of the Year - Multicultural ERG 
President’s Volunteer Service Award for Houston Food Bank Volunteerism 
Disability Equality Index Best Places to Work 
Society of Exploration Geophysicists Foundation’s Thomas A. Smith 
Corporate Impact Award 
1 Health, safety and environment 
2 Supplier Social Responsibility Program 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 5

We reported revenue 
of $27.8 billion, 
underscoring our position 
as a leader in the energy 
technology sector. 
New Energy orders reached 
$1.3 billion. This growth 
highlights the increasing 
synergies between our 
IET and OFSE business 
segments. 
We supported innovation, 
with more than 1,600 
patents granted 
worldwide and investing 
$643 million in 
research and 
development. 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Who we are 
Baker Hughes is a technology-driven energy company that operates in over 120 countries, offering a diverse array of 
products and services to both the energy and industrial sectors. Our mission involves the development and deployment of 
technology to address global energy demands and advance industrial progress. Our guiding principle is to move energy 
forward, making it safer, cleaner and more efficient for both people and the planet. In the face of the global energy 
trilemma, our purpose is more relevant than ever, and we have a critical role to play. 
Our market-leading business segments enable us to deliver across the energy value chain. We provide the most 
comprehensive portfolio of technological solutions for energy and industry, aimed at enhancing productivity, reliability, 
and transforming outcomes for the better. 
We collaborate closely with our customers, no matter where they are located, to achieve superior results. We take pride 
in the fact that our employees and our businesses are integral parts of the communities in which they operate. 
Our workforce comprises trusted experts who are relied upon to tackle customer challenges, both large and small. We 
prioritize the health and well-being of our employees, invest in their training and development, reward talent and cultivate 
leadership at all levels to bring out the best in each other. 
Table 1-1: Direct and indirect economic impacts (million USD) over a three-year period. Revenue has consistently increased in that time. 
One Baker Hughes 
We deliver across the energy value chain through our market-leading business segments. We offer the broadest 
portfolio of technology solutions for energy and industry to improve productivity, reliability, and transform outcomes 
for the better. 
Oilfield Services and Equipment (OFSE) is committed 
to ensuring that the oil and gas industry remains a vital 
and reliable source of energy for the planet by leading 
the way to drive greater efficiency and more predictable 
outcomes, leveraging new technology and digital 
solutions, while pursuing new markets in areas like 
geothermal and carbon sequestration. 
Figure 1-2 We are an energy technology company. 
Industrial and Energy Technology (IET) 
combines a broad array of domain expertise, 
technologies, and services to support industrial 
and energy customers with solutions that drive 
productivity and safety while enabling a reliable, 
efficient, net-zero energy system—from natural gas to 
hydrogen, clean power, refinery and petrochemical, 
aerospace, automotive, nuclear, and carbon capture, 
utilization and storage. 
Our economic impact 2024 2023 2022 
Revenue $27,829 $25,506 $21,156 
In 2024… 
Total costs and expenses $24,748 $23,189 $19,971 
Payments to providers of capital 3 $1,618 $1,633 $1,862 
Payments to governments $1,040 $595 $498 
(net cash tax payments) 
Total charitable pledges and contributions $28.6 $63.7 $75.3 
3 Payments to providers of capital include dividends to all shareholders, plus interest payments made to providers of loans. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 6

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Who we are continued 
At Baker Hughes, our strategy isn’t just about 
adapting to change—it’s about leading it. 
We are focused on driving growth and sustainability in the evolving energy 
landscape. Our commercial and sustainability strategies are seamlessly 
integrated, aligning our operations with the global push for a net-zero future. 
This unified approach keeps us competitive and differentiates us in the 
market, attracting customers and investors who value strong sustainability 
performance. By focusing on sustainable energy development, advanced 
technologies and strategic partnerships, we fulfill our commitments and help 
our customers achieve theirs as well. 
Our ambitions are big, but by grouping them into three manageable horizons, 
we have a clear direction on what needs to be achieved in the short term to 
realize our long-term ambitions. 
The first horizon will see us through 2025 
We focus on enhancing our core operations to be more efficient, reliable and 
sustainable. This involves leveraging advanced technologies and optimizing our 
processes to deliver better value to our customers. 
The second horizon is the view through the mid to late 2020s 
We actively invest in growth opportunities, particularly in areas like hydrogen, 
carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) and industrial asset 
management. These investments help us expand our capabilities and 
meet the evolving needs of the energy and industrial sectors. 
The third horizon looks to 2030 and beyond 
We are committed to leading the energy transition by developing and deploying 
innovative solutions that support a cleaner, more sustainable energy future. This 
includes our efforts in emissions management, clean power solutions and other 
emerging technologies. 
Our pathway to a sustainable and secure energy future 
We aim to meet the world’s growing energy demand while ensuring it 
remains affordable, secure and sustainable for the long term. We believe 
sustained energy development can supply the energy needed today without 
compromising future abundance and availability while protecting our planet 
for future generations. 
To achieve this, we focus on three key areas: 
Efficiency and effectiveness: 
Enabling cleaner and more efficient use of hydrocarbons to meet today’s 
demands. 
Energy expansion: 
Exploring every energy source and championing new ones, including natural 
gas and nuclear, which offer clear environmental benefits and efficiency. 
Using energy responsibly: 
Ensuring our infrastructure is efficient, recycling and reusing as much 
as possible and acting responsibly for people and the planet are essential. 
Progress at scale is not just about doing more but doing better, transforming 
innovation into impactful, sustainable and secure energy solutions. By scaling 
up efforts, successful initiatives and operational efficiency, we can accelerate 
progress toward a net-zero future. 
Table 1-2: Research and development funding (million USD) over a three-year period. 
2024 2023 2022 
Research and development funding $643 $651 $552 
Our team uses engineering, data and science to 
innovate and meet global energy needs, focusing 
on sustainability, security and affordability. 
We partner with research centers worldwide on projects that scale up the energy 
solutions of tomorrow, often joining with our customers to create diverse 
consortia that include the private sector, academic institutions and government. 
We aim to build on our technology portfolio by developing new products and 
patents that keep us at the forefront of the competitive market. 
“Innovation is propelled by engineering, which 
leverages advanced technologies to create 
sustainable and efficient energy solutions.” 
Chris Pin Harry, 
VP, IET Technology 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 7

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Innovation guiding our path... 
By advancing innovation and technology to meet future energy demands, we 
are focused on low-carbon solutions. Investing in new energy technologies and 
leveraging our strengths, we are well-positioned to grow in resilient industrial 
sectors. This allows us to provide comprehensive solutions to meet the rising 
global demand for energy while maintaining a strong focus on sustainability. 
...Moving into horizon two 
As we navigate through the beginning of horizon two, we have identified key 
priorities that are essential for achieving both commercial and environmental 
success. Our focus areas include providing mature assets solutions that 
maximize the value of existing infrastructure, delivering cutting-edge digital 
solutions that drive efficiency and innovation and pioneering new energy 
solutions that support the global transition to a low-carbon future. By 
concentrating on these priorities, we are committed to creating long-term value. 
We enhance mature asset lifespan with advanced 
technology solutions 
The revitalization of mature assets is a cornerstone of our sustainability strategy. 
Our state-of-the-art technologies ensure operational efficiency, demonstrating 
our commitment to both sustainability and economic viability. Customers have 
stressed the importance of extending the life of current assets for their economic 
functioning and the circularity of the industry. As a result, we employ advanced 
technologies in our mature assets solutions to enhance efficiency and prolong 
asset lifespan. 
By boosting the performance of existing assets, we are able to help our 
customers optimize performance, maximize asset value, reduce operational 
interruptions, decrease carbon emissions and function more sustainably. 
Our mature asset solutions maximize well productivity 
and longevity 
By enhancing the performance of existing oil and gas fields, we reduce carbon 
emissions and conserve resources. This cost-effective approach boosts 
production and postpones the need for well abandonment. 
Here’s how our technology helps: 
Asset surveillance and intervention 
Our solutions, including smart deployment technologies, advanced logging 
suites and perforating services, boost productivity by ensuring well integrity 
diagnostics, well access and production readiness. This is crucial for 
maintaining and enhancing mature assets. 
Production optimization 
We use geoscience resources, liquid-loading solutions, stimulation techniques, 
chemical treatments and artificial lift systems to maximize the economic life of 
mature assets, ensuring they remain productive and profitable. 
Sand, water and gas management 
Our subsurface modeling, mechanical and chemical barriers, custom-sized 
screens, sand control systems and real-time monitoring enhance efficiency 
in managing mature assets, reducing operational risks and improving 
performance. 
Access to bypassed resources 
By employing through-tubing rotary drilling, casing exit technology and coiled 
tubing drilling, we enable more efficient access to reserves, optimizing the use 
of existing wells and extending the life of mature assets. 
Well abandonment services 
We deliver reliable, safe and cost-effective solutions through proven 
technologies, efficient planning and execution minimizing the time, costs and 
risks of plug and abandonment campaigns, ensuring that mature assets are 
managed effectively until the end of their life cycle. 
“Our mature assets solutions at Baker Hughes 
deliver new levels of efficiency for operators of 
mature assets by combining our subsurface 
expertise with a rich mix of innovative technology, 
digital expertise and well strategy skills. Focusing 
on five key themes, our solutions for mature 
assets leverage our entire portfolio to create 
exceptional value.” 
Paul Madero, 
SVP, Production Solutions, OFSE 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: Customer collaboration 
Petrobras awarded three contracts in 2024 aimed at mature asset solutions 
In 2024, Baker Hughes was awarded three major contracts with Petrobras for 
integrated mature assets solutions, well construction services and flexible pipe 
systems. These multi-year projects will deploy our OFSE portfolio at scale, 
highlighting our commitment to transforming mature assets. 
First project: We will provide wireline, coiled tubing, cementing, tubular running, 
wellbore intervention, fishing and geosciences services across all of Petrobras’ 
offshore fields. Integrating these capabilities with our deep understanding of 
localization is crucial for success. These services are essential for maintaining 
and enhancing the productivity of mature assets. 
Second project: We will deliver well construction services over multiple years 
to three offshore rigs in the Buzios field, including drilling services, drill bits, 
wellbore clean-up, remedial tools and fluids. Initially, we supplied water and 
gas manifolds, turbomachinery, turbogenerators, motocompressors and over 
240 km of flexible pipes. By improving well infrastructure and deploying 
advanced tools and fluids, we extend the life and efficiency of existing wells 
and provide access to bypassed resources. 
Third project: We will provide 77 km of flexible pipes, risers and flowlines for 
hydrocarbon production and associated gas and water injection. These systems 
address stress-induced corrosion cracking from carbon dioxide (CO2) in pre-salt 
fields with high gas concentrations. Our flexible pipes have a proven record of 
mitigating this issue, offering best-in-class solutions at scale. These systems are 
crucial for managing the production and injection processes in mature fields, 
especially those with challenging conditions like high gas concentrations. 
Cost-effective light well interventions operations improve safety 
We delivered our first fully integrated riserless light well intervention (LWI) project, 
collaborating with a Sub-Saharan Africa operator to complete an eight-well 
campaign in the Gulf of Guinea. The project integrated our strengths across 
multiple product lines to flawlessly deliver the mechanical and fluid intervention 
scope over 143 Perfect HSE Days. Innovative operational efficiencies reduced 13 
days of execution time, highlighting LWI’s cost-effectiveness, as well as the added 
value of reduced footprint offshore operations. 
Terminator™: A game-changer in wellhead removal 
Our Terminator™ vessel-deployed subsea wellhead cutting system is a ground-
breaking solution that is redefining subsea wellhead removal. This vessel-
deployed system helps overcome the limitations and costs of traditional offerings, 
providing a simple, safe and efficient solution. We reached a 
significant milestone: 50 wellhead removals completed, 
spanning operations across three continents. This achievement 
underscores our commitment to innovation, efficiency 
and environmental responsibility in the realm of subsea 
decommissioning. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 8

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Innovation guiding our path...Moving into horizon two continued 
Delivering new energy technology 
Leveraging our extensive and innovative technologies, we provide solutions to 
meet the demands of the energy expansion. We are investing in new energy 
solutions to address some of the most pressing challenges in the energy sector. 
Through advancements in CCUS, hydrogen technology, geothermal energy, 
clean power solutions and emissions abatement, we are empowering industries 
to reduce their operating costs, lower their emissions footprint and meet 
environmental targets. These efforts demonstrate our commitment to supporting 
global decarbonization while fostering reliable and efficient energy systems. 
Carbon capture, utilization and storage 
In our decades of experience in the CCUS space, we have developed 
groundbreaking technologies and solutions to accelerate development and 
adoption across the energy industry. Our CCUS solutions include pioneering 
advancements in direct air capture (DAC), mixed salt process technology and 
digital solutions like CarbonEdge™ to optimize our customers’ CO2 management. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: Customer collaboration 
Carbon Capture solutions for the first full-scale carbon neutral cement plant in 
the United States (U.S.) 
The first full-scale carbon neutral cement plant in the United States will utilize 
CCUS well construction, reservoir evaluation and storage system development 
by Baker Hughes. The Mitchell Carbon Capture and Storage Project at the 
Heidelberg Materials’ Mitchell Plant aims to significantly reduce greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emissions from cement production by capturing and storing CO2. 
Our contributions will reduce uncertainty in the CO2 storage system, which is 
necessary for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to approve of the CO2 
storage site. The initiative is projected to achieve approximately a 95% 
reduction in GHG emissions, equivalent to up to approximately two million 
metric tons carbon dioxide equivalent (MT CO2e) per year not being released 
into the atmosphere. 
Hydrogen 
Playing a key role in accelerating the hydrogen economy, we develop and 
deploy technologies that enable the production, transportation, monitoring and 
utilization of hydrogen. Our portfolio includes high-efficiency gas turbines able to 
run on blends of natural gas and up to 100% hydrogen, advanced compressors 
and cutting-edge electrolyzer technologies for both blue and green hydrogen 
production. By providing integrated solutions across the hydrogen value chain, 
we are helping industries transition to alternative energy sources to power their 
operations. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: Customer collaboration 
Decarbonizing the Italian gas network with hydrogen-ready technology 
Our IET business secured a contract from Snam to provide three NovaLT™12 gas 
turbine-driven compressor trains for a new gas compressor station in Italy. This 
compressor station is part of the Adriatic Line, a Snam pipeline project included 
in Italy’s National Recovery and Resilience Plan under the REpowerEU Plan. The 
425 km hydrogen-ready pipeline will transport additional energy supplies 
from Azerbaijan, Africa and the Eastern Mediterranean to northern Europe. The 
NovaLT™12 turbines, capable of running on 100% natural gas or hydrogen blends 
up to 10%, mark a significant step in decarbonizing Italy’s gas network and align 
with Snam’s goal of achieving carbon neutrality on direct emissions by 2040. 
Geothermal energy 
With more than four decades of experience in the geothermal industry, we are 
enabling the expansion of geothermal energy as a sustainable and renewable 
energy source. We provide energy-efficient power generation systems, drilling 
solutions and specialized well services tailored for geothermal 
applications. Our expertise in harnessing the heat from the Earth’s 
core helps our customers tap into reliable and low-carbon energy 
“Baker Hughes’ dedication to promoting clean 
energy solutions is highlighted by our collaboration 
with Wabash Valley Resources. By providing 
state-of-the-art technology and proficiency in 
carbon capture and storage, we aid in generating 
low-carbon, low-cost ammonia fertilizers, thereby 
fostering an economical and sustainable future for 
the agricultural sector.” 
Ahmed Eldemerdash, 
VP, New Energy, OFSE 
resources, supporting their energy transition while diversifyingSPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: Partnerships at work 
their energy portfolio. 
Wabash Valley Resources supporting new energy venture 
In 2024, we announced a long-term agreement with Wabash Valley Resources 
(WVR) to provide advanced technology services for their ammonia production 
project. This collaboration includes supplying compression systems, constructing 
injection wells and performing testing and monitoring services for the geological 
storage of carbon dioxide. 
WVR’s project aims to repurpose an existing gasification plant to become 
Indiana’s first ammonia fertilizer plant capturing 1.65 million MT CO2 per year. 
This collaboration highlights our commitment to advancing carbon capture and 
storage technology and supporting new energy ventures. The project will create 
high-quality jobs and build local expertise, contributing to the local economy. 
The WVR facility will serve as a model for advancing carbon capture and storage 
projects in the U.S. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
Fatimah Almuallim, 
ASPIRE Associate 
Hussain Al Hashem, 
Manufacturing Specialist -
Production Supervision, IET 
9

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Innovation guiding our path...Moving into horizon two continued 
Massa Site, Italy 
Clean power solutions 
Our broad portfolio of clean power solutions includes energy-efficient 
power generation systems, advanced steam turbines, turboexpander generators, 
industrial heat pumps and hydrogen-ready gas turbines. These technologies 
are designed to enhance grid resilience, facilitate the integration of renewable 
energy and promote sustainable practices across various industries. By 
leveraging our expertise and cutting-edge technology, we help our customers 
achieve their net-zero targets and build a cleaner, more sustainable future. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: Customer collaboration 
Enhancing reliability for the Dubai Petroleum Establishment 
Last year, we received our largest ever Integrated Compressor Line (ICL) order 
from the Dubai Petroleum Establishment to enhance the reliability of their energy 
supply and support local carbon reduction efforts. We will supply 
ten ICL units, five for gas storage and five for gas export or 
injection boosting into the existing gas distribution system. 
The project will provide stability to Dubai’s energy supply by 
strengthening the system’s ability to switch between natural 
gas and solar power. 
“With the window to meet Paris Agreement 
goals rapidly closing as the demand for energy 
grows, we must act now to reduce emissions 
and increase efficiencies. Our comprehensive 
emissions abatement solutions—including 
turbomachinery, methane detection and 
flare optimization technologies—enable our 
customers to track and mitigate GHG emissions 
in real-time today, contributing to a sustainable 
future.” 
Emissions abatement 
Our turbomachinery solutions, methane detection and quantification tools, flare 
reduction and optimization solutions and flow and process solutions bring value 
and emissions abatement solutions to our customers. These technologies enable 
real-time tracking and mitigation of GHG emissions, ensuring compliance with 
evolving environmental regulations. GaffneyCline Energy Advisory, a business 
of Baker Hughes, is helping to drive this change by providing strategic energy 
advisory services to help clients navigate the complexities of the energy sector. 
The advisory services focus on delivering high-value projects with greater speed, 
certainty and efficiency. They help clients optimize their portfolios, minimize 
capital expenditures and maximize production through comprehensive 
technology knowledge and practical, real-world experience. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: Customer collaboration 
BP and the State Oil Company of the Azerbaijan Republic (SOCAR) to slash 
emissions using flare.IQ’s emissions abatement technology 
With our emissions abatement technology, flare.IQ, BP is quantifying methane 
emissions from its flares. There was previously no universally accepted solution 
to quantifying methane emissions from flares in the oil and gas sector, so BP 
and Baker Hughes conducted one of the largest ever full-scale studies of flare 
combustion, including testing a range of flares under challenging conditions to 
verify the accuracy of flare.IQ technology. Following this study BP is acting on 
real-time data from flare.IQ at 65 flares across seven regions and can carry out 
early interventions and reduce emissions from flaring. 
In 2024, we collaborated with SOCAR to significantly reduce flaring and emissions 
at the Baku Oil Refinery. We signed a contract to implement an integrated gas 
recovery and hydrogen sulfide (H2S) removal system. This system is designed 
to recover up to 7 million normal cubic meters (Nm³) of methane per year and 
reduce CO2 emissions by up to 11,000 MT annually. The recovered 
gas, which would have been flared, is now used as fuel within 
the refinery, improving efficiency and reducing operating costs. 
This project is a tangible step toward ending routine flaring by 
2030 and demonstrates the benefits of our emissions abatement 
technologies.
Tiffany Pitts, 
VP, Gas Technology Services, IET 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report10

“Our digital solutions, like Leucipa and Flora™, 
revolutionize the energy and industrial sectors by 
enhancing operational efficiency and reducing 
environmental impact. By integrating advanced 
technologies and real-time data, we empower 
our customers to achieve their sustainability and 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Innovation guiding our path...Moving into horizon two continued 
Innovative digital solutions for energy and industry 
Delivering comprehensive digital solutions for customers in the energy and 
industrial sectors is a primary goal in Horizon Two of our commercial strategy. 
To accomplish this, we have partnered with stakeholders throughout the industry 
to tackle our customers’ most urgent challenges. We have vast digital offerings, 
centered on data and automation, to supply the necessary insights for making 
economically viable 
and sustainable decisions. 
Our digital offerings deliver value and reliability 
CarbonEdge™ by Cordant™: Transforming carbon capture, utilization and 
storage operations with real-time data 
CarbonEdge™, powered by Cordant™, revolutionized CCUS operations by 
providing real-time data and alerts on CO2 flows, supporting regulatory 
reporting and risk management. This uninterrupted connectivity during the 
project life cycle enables our customers to handle risks, make well-informed 
decisions, enhance efficiency and streamline reporting. 
CarbonEdge™ seamlessly integrates with our subsurface and autonomous 
modeling solutions, providing thorough measurement, monitoring and 
verification frameworks. Designed for rapid deployment and easy scalability, 
CarbonEdge™ ensures uninterrupted connectivity and data 
synchronization. Suitable for any CCUS infrastructure, 
CarbonEdge™ assists customers in efficiently managing 
their operations using advanced technology and expertise, 
demonstrating our dedication to sustainability and innovation. 
business goals.” 
James Brady, 
Chief Digital Officer, OFSE 
Flare.IQ: Revolutionizing flare management with real-time monitoring 
and advanced analytics 
Flare.IQ is an advanced flare management and optimization solution designed 
to help our customers achieve operational excellence and environmental 
compliance. By leveraging real-time monitoring, advanced analytics and 
automated control, flare.IQ enables more efficient and safer flaring operations 
while reducing emissions and ensuring compliance with regulatory standards. 
Flare.IQ integrates seamlessly into existing systems, providing end-to-end 
support that enhances transparency, minimizes waste and supports our 
customers aiming to improve performance and reduce their environmental 
footprint. 
Revolutionizing energy and industrial sectors with BHC3 AI 
We partnered with C3 AI to deliver digital solutions that drive operational 
efficiency for our customers. By merging our deep knowledge of industrial and 
energy technology with sophisticated AI machine learning capabilities, we 
provide solutions that support predictive maintenance, improve asset 
efficiency and aid decision-making across the energy and industrial sectors. 
BHC3 AI empowers our customers to reduce costs, improve reliability and 
achieve their environmental and business goals, driving a more sustainable 
energy sector. 
Flora™: The future of connection integrity and equipment workflows 
Flora™ is a game-changer for sustainability in our industry. By enabling 
enhanced decision-making and real-time remote data transfer for pipe 
makeups, Flora™ reduces the need for on-site personnel, cutting down on 
travel and logistics-related carbon emissions. Our automated connection 
integrity service, based on decades of operational data, ensures consistent and 
reliable operations, preventing equipment failures and reducing waste. These 
advanced tools improve decision-making and operational workflows, leading 
to more efficient resource use, less downtime and fewer operational disruptions. 
With Flora™, we’re not just enhancing operational efficiency; we’re helping our 
customers minimize their environmental impact. 
Manufacturing site at our
campus in Florence, Italy 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 11

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Innovation guiding our path...Moving into horizon two continued 
Sub-sea tree assembly at our
Aberdeen, UK manufacturing site 
Our digital solutions are redefining how our 
customers look at data 
SPOTLIGHTS ON PROGRESS: Customer collaboration 
Leucipa field automation leveraged to generate $25M+ in savings 
Leucipa’s automated field production solution drives sustainability by enhancing 
operational efficiency and reducing environmental impact. By enabling proactive 
production management, Leucipa helped operators save over $25 million in 
operating expenses and reduced manual efforts by about 75%. Additionally, 
Leucipa extends the lifespan of electric submersible pumps by up to 10% and 
increases recovery by approximately 14% over baseline volumes. These 
improvements lead to more efficient resource use, lower emissions and 
reduced operational disruptions. 
Cordant™ delivers up to 15% reduction in operating expenses and incremental 
improvements in production 
Cordant enhances sustainability by optimizing industrial asset performance 
and process efficiency. By delivering up to a 15% reduction in operating expenses, 
improving reliability by approximately one to three percent and increasing 
production and yield by approximately one to two percent, Cordant helps our 
customers achieve their sustainability goals while boosting economic 
performance. 
Cutting CO2 emissions by up to seven percent with Carbon Optimizer 
Carbon Optimizer is a digital solution that enables the reduction of fuel gas 
and CO2 emissions by leveraging real data. Our IET iCenter™ gathers and stores 
data in our vault to combine it with control software, optimizing the efficiency of 
equipment at partial load. This technology was used by our customer to upgrade 
their turbogenerator train systems. Combined with an outcome-based service 
contractual framework, we estimate that this solution will enable the customer to 
achieve up to a seven percent reduction in CO2 emissions per year. 
“Our innovative digital solutions like Cordant™, 
CarbonEdge™ and Flare.IQ, help our energy and 
industrial customers make sustainable and 
economically viable decisions.” 
Aravind Yarlagadda, 
SVP, Industrial Solutions for IET 
Baker Hughes and Corva collaboration is delivering a 50% reduction in 
connection time through performance monitoring 
Through our strategic collaboration with Corva, one of our customers achieved 
a 50% reduction in connection time through our digital performance monitoring. 
This partnership leverages Corva’s 150+ applications to turn raw data into 
actionable insights, improving safety and efficiency. The collaboration also offers 
customizable solutions to address unique well construction challenges, reduce 
non-productive time and drive better results. 
12 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Sustainability at Baker Hughes 
Sustainable practices are good for business At Baker Hughes, sustainability is everyone’s 
responsibility
Sustainability is crucial for our customers and investors as it is aligned with the 
growing demand for efficient, less environmentally impactful technologies. We A sustainable and resilient energy future is a mutual obligation and opportunity
focus on the entire life cycle of energy extraction and production to optimize for both energy creators and consumers, attained through teamwork, innovative
efficiency, minimize environmental impact and provide long-term value to our solutions and steadfast commitment. We focus on decreasing our carbon
customers. Our sustainable solutions benefit the environment, economy and intensity, utilizing low-carbon technology and developing new products and
society by helping customers enhance their sustainability performance, which is services to meet environmental goals.
essential for regulators, investors and the public. 
We help our customers by improving their sustainability profiles, which is 
Sustainability boosts the bottom line by reducing costs, enhancing brand image, increasingly crucial to regulators, investors and the public. Through our
managing risks, attracting investors and improving employee retention (figure 1-3). sustainability solutions, customers can accelerate their energy transition 
progress, understand their carbon footprint and be prepared for upcoming 
regulatory reporting requirements, all while achieving financial benefits. 
Our workforce drives change by promoting awareness and fostering a 
sustainable culture without interrupting business activities. 
Embedded in our core values, and at the heart of what we are is our passion for sustainability and our continued drive to enable the energy transition 
Accelerate Net-zero 
Complement our 
sustainability strategy, 
while looking beyond 
the short-to-medium 
term horizon, and 
demonstrate pathways 
to accelerate our 
journey to net zero 
Commercial 
differentiation 
Enable us to become the 
partner of choice to our 
customers in the energy 
transition as a market 
leader in low carbon 
technologies 
Low carbon 
Further enhance the 
Baker Hughes low 
carbon strategy through 
sustainability focused 
tools and 
innovation 
Talent and Culture 
Attract and retain 
a best pool of talent, 
while building 
commercial 
differentiation 
through 
sustainability culture 
& thought leadership 
Sustainable 
Baker Hughes 
Create a defined set of 
leading indicators to 
track and measure 
progress for 
becoming a 
sustainable company 
Mitigate risk 
Help us de-risk the 
energy transition in a 
changing global market 
Sustainability strategy and implementation 
Our sustainability strategy aligns with our growth and financial goals. In 2024, 
we continued to implement our sustainability strategy through a multi-faceted 
approach that ensures that sustainability is integrated into every aspect of our 
operations. 
Here’s how we are driving action: 
Strategic projects and initiatives: 
We delivered projects across 20 working groups with cross-functional experts, 
achieving 30 strategic outcomes. More details about these projects are in the 
people, planet and principles sections of this report. 
Training and networks: 
We established formal training modules and expanded our Carbon Out 
network, focusing on global emission reduction projects. 
Employee engagement and empowerment: 
We empower employees to drive sustainable change, fostering a culture that 
supports a low-carbon world. Voluntary project teams enhance knowledge 
sharing and action initiatives. 
Cultural shift: 
We have energized a cultural shift to embed sustainable behaviors and 
spotlight opportunities, aligning with stakeholder priorities and regulatory 
requirements. 
Cross-functional collaboration: 
Our organized working groups provide direction and resources to execute 
strategic outcomes. 
Sustainability capabilities work stream: 
This initiative identifies necessary roles and skills needed in our workforce, 
establishing a foundation for ongoing progress. 
Change management and communication: 
Teams collaborate on stakeholder analysis, strategic action planning and best 
practices implementation, increasing employee awareness and engagement. 
Figure 1-3 Sustainability adds value for our investors and shareholders in six ways. 
13 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Sustainability at Baker Hughes continued 
Assessing sustainability topics- Global Reporting 
Index materiality4 
We completed a GRI materiality assessment in 2024 of sustainability topics, 
affirming our commitment to being a sustainability leader and addressing 
growing stakeholder demands for transparency. By regularly identifying and 
aligning with key stakeholder priorities, we are able to mitigate risks and deliver 
on our strategic business goals. 
Our GRI materiality assessment enables us to: 
• Evaluate sustainability practices to identify improvement areas. 
• Develop sustainability strategies with clear goals and targets. 
• Implement systems for accurate sustainability data collection and reporting. 
• Engage employees in impactful sustainability projects and embed 
sustainability in our culture. 
• Communicate sustainability efforts transparently to stakeholders. 
Our methodology 
By integrating sustainability into our business strategy and linking sustainability 
materiality processes with enterprise risk management, we were better equipped 
to inform investors, regulators and other stakeholders about sustainability-
related impacts, risks and opportunities in addition to risks and impacts related 
to climate change. We conduct and publish a biennial GRI materiality 
assessment to inform our sustainability strategy on our engagements with 
internal and external stakeholder groups. This assessment helps us align our 
strategic sustainability priorities with our commercial strategy. 
Measuring stakeholder pulse 
Our GRI materiality assessment is central to measuring the pulse and sentiment 
of our stakeholders. The feedback we solicit from key stakeholders is sent 
through surveys and interviews. Through this process, we identify and prioritize 
the sustainability topics most important to our diverse stakeholders, including 
Expanding scope and leveraging technology 
In 2024, we expanded the breadth of our research by using our proprietary 
BHC3 AI tool to review online content for our in-scope stakeholders and extracting 
meaningful insights to inform our sustainability strategy. The diversity in 
open-source data was accounted for by the AI tool through the association of 
weights based on stakeholder and document type. This new materiality tool 
archived all reviewed documents, making this process repeatable and auditable. 
Our BHC3 materiality tool significantly improved the assessment timeliness and 
reduced labor hours. Using our BHC3 materiality tool, we trained large language 
models to complement our GRI materiality process by: 
• Ingesting thousands of relevant stakeholder documents; 
• Training natural language processing machine learning pipelines to identify 
and label paragraphs; 
• Deploying a workflow to compute time series GRI materiality scores; 
• Configuring an interface to visually represent sustainability scores, analysis, 
evidence packages and benchmarks; 
• This technological integration has enhanced the rigor, precision and scope 
of our materiality assessment; 
Alignment with global frameworks 
Our materiality assessment strictly adheres to internationally recognized 
frameworks, including GRI and SASB. This dual alignment ensures that our 
reporting is credible and aligned with the latest sustainability benchmarks. 
By adhering to these frameworks, we demonstrate our commitment to 
transparency, accountability and global best practices in sustainability reporting. 
• GRI standards guide us in identifying material topics that are significant to 
our stakeholders while ensuring our process addresses any concerns they 
may have. 
• SASB framework helps us focus on industry-specific material topics, ensuring 
relevance to our operational and financial performance. 
Plotting key topics 
As part of our materiality process, we internally plotted key sustainability 
topics based on their importance to stakeholders and their impact on our 
business strategy. Each topic was evaluated using a stringent methodology 
aligned with international standards and guidelines to ensure accuracy and 
relevance. These topics were analyzed and the top five priorities within the 
people, planet and principles topics are presented in (figure 1.5). This transparent 
approach not only clarifies our strategic priorities but also provides a roadmap 
for engaging with stakeholders and addressing critical sustainability topics. 
Emphasizing transparency and rigor 
Transparency is the cornerstone of our materiality assessment. We meticulously 
documented our methodology, stakeholder engagement processes and 
decision-making criteria. By openly sharing this information, we reinforce trust 
with stakeholders and ensure our sustainability priorities are clearly understood. 
The rigor of our approach, guided by international standards and bolstered by 
advanced AI tools, ensures that our process is thorough and equitable. 
Delivering a more robust and actionable assessment 
The insights gained from our 2024 materiality assessment have provided a 
comprehensive understanding of the continued alignment of our sustainability 
priorities. By integrating advanced technology, aligning with global frameworks 
and adhering to international standards, we developed a robust, data-driven 
and actionable assessment. This process allows us to focus on the most 
critical sustainability topics while maintaining alignment with stakeholder 
needs and global sustainability goals. Our 2024 assessment not only strengthens 
our corporate sustainability initiatives but also underscores our role as a 
leader in driving progress toward a sustainable energy future. Together with our 
stakeholders, we are shaping a future that reflects the values, aspirations and 
priorities of all those we serve. 
employees, customers, investors, academia, trade associations, non-government 
organizations (NGOs) and suppliers. Topics of interest are shown on a chart 
based on stakeholder concern or opportunity. More information about our 
stakeholder groups is in Appendix C: Stakeholder Engagement. 
4 The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) defines materiality as the significance of an organization’s impacts on the 
economy, environment and people and how those impacts influence stakeholders’ decisions and assessments. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report14

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Sustainability is integral to business success, emerging as a key differentiating capability as we work 
to take energy forward, making it safer, cleaner and more efficient for people and the planet. 
Our sustainability vision—to be a sustainable pioneer in everything we do—positions Baker Hughes 
as a leading energy technology company of choice. 
People 
We are attracting, retaining and developing the best talent while 
thoughtfully engaging with our people and communities. 
Our people objectives
 Ensure we attract, retain and develop the best talent
 Foster a culture where everyone feels included and respected
 Actively engage with communities in which we live and work
 Embed sustainability as everyone’s responsibility 
Figure 1-4 Our sustainability strategy is separated into the three topics of people, planet and principles 
Planet 
We are pioneering low-carbon energy solutions, ensuring 
environmental stewardship and minimizing our footprint. 
Our planet objectives Our principles objectives
 Enable our partners to thrive in a low-carbon world  Champion compliance and ethics
 Became a net-zero business by 2050  Ensure sustainable governance
 Reduce spills and report them transparently  Uphold the highest health, safety and environment standards
 Minimize the resources we use Strive for principled, differentiated and inclusive supply chains 
Principles 
We are taking energy forward responsibly, with integrity and 
transparency – doing the right thing always. 
Houda Hazim 
and Maria Jose Ovejon Sotelo Co-generation area on our Baker Hughes headquarters, Texas,
Repair shop operators, IET campus in Florence, Italy United States 
15 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
GRI materiality assessment - 2024 
We identified the top five topics our stakeholders find important within each sustainability topic out of a total of 33 significant subjects. 
People priorities 
Diversity and inclusion 
Non-discriminatory and equal opportunity 
talent acquisition practices. 
GRI topics 11.10, 11.11 
Attracting retaining, developing talent 
Attracting and retaining new talent, developing 
employee value proposition and learning. 
GRI topic 11.10 
Employee engagement 
Employee and community engagement from 
employees and leadership. 
GRI topic 11.10 
Employee benefits and well-being 
Total employee rewards, well-being and 
work-life balance. 
GRI topics 11.10, 11.13 
Stakeholder engagement 
Company impact and involvement in local 
community and organizations. 
GRI topic 11.15, 11.16, 11.17 
Planet priorities 
Energy transition strategy 
Company strategy for energy transition to be 
effective and accelerated. 
GRI topic 11.14 
Air and GHG emissions reduction 
Business priorities of GHG emissions in scopes 1, 2 and 3. 
GRI topics 11.1, 11.3 
Climate-related risks 
Physical risk to sites and risk in energy transition strategy. 
GRI topic 11.2 
Renewable energy sourcing 
Company use of renewable energy in operations. 
GRI topic 11.1 
R&D investment – energy transition 
R&D spend on new energy solutions to accelerate 
the energy transition. 
GRI topics 11.1, 11.2 
Principles priorities 
Corporate governance 
Sustainable business development from 
company leadership. 
GRI topic 11.14 
HSE management 
Occupational health and safety, critical incident 
management and environmental protection. 
GRI topics 11.9, 11.18 
Sustainability reporting and transparency 
Transparently reporting on sustainability aligned 
with public and regulatory requirements. 
GRI topic 11.2 
Ethics and compliance 
Business ethics and doing the right thing beyond 
compliance. 
GRI topic 11.22 
Anti-corruption 
Anti-corruption and trade-corruption (including training 
and government relations). 
GRI topics 11.20, 11.21 
33 Sustainability topics 
were assessed: 
People 
Diversity and inclusion 
Attracting, retaining and developing talent 
Employee engagement 
Employee benefits and well-being 
Stakeholder engagement 
Collaboration with academia and NGOs 
Community impact 
Supplier diversity 
Just transition principles 
Planet 
Energy transition strategy 
Air and GHG emissions reduction 
Climate-related risks 
Renewable energy sourcing 
R&D investment - energy transition 
Product emissions 
Biodiversity impact 
Circular economy and waste management 
Publicly stated net-zero pathways 
Emissions reporting 
Water management 
Principles 
Corporate governance 
HSE management 
Sustainability reporting and transparency 
Ethics and compliance 
Anti-corruption 
R&D 
Global health and emergency response 
Labor rights 
Physical security 
Cybersecurity and data production 
Allegations closure rate 
Human rights and modern slavery 
Sustainable supply chain 
Figure 1-5: Top five priority topics identified for each sustainability pillar out of a total of 33 significant topics from GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021 and the GRI Standards based on stakeholder sentiment. 
16 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
People 
What’s new for 2024? 
In the following section, you will learn about actions we 
have taken to advance our strategy and the impactful 
initiatives that demonstrate our progress against our 
people-centric goals. 
Launched our “Eight Behaviors,“ which aligns our core values 
to HOW we work. The initiative was translated in 15 languages, 
reaching approximately 97% of our people. 
Launched a unified talent strategy aligned to our employee 
value proposition to attract, identify, engage, develop, recognize 
and reward talent across our organization. 
Strengthened our focus on leadership and professional 
development through initiatives like career weeks, People 
Leader Week and our individual development plan campaign. 
Kristian Wahl Jensen, Field Operator
and Shadi Ibrahim, Field Engineer, OFSE 
Meet Sarah. 
Sarah Tones, 
VP HR Solutions and Governance 
As the executive accountable for the 
people topic of sustainability, I take great 
pride in sharing the progress our team has 
accomplished in 2024. At Baker Hughes, our 
dedication to sustainability and innovation 
is rooted in our people. The people section 
of our sustainability strategy focuses on 
fostering a diverse, inclusive and respectful 
workplace. It covers areas such as 
professional development, health and safety 
and employee well-being. 
This section highlights our commitment 
to attracting, engaging and developing 
the best talent, promoting a culture of 
collaboration and innovation and engaging 
with the communities where we operate. 
Together, we strive to build a brighter future. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 17

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our People strategy 
Our sustainability strategy begins and ends with our people, enabling us to attract, engage and develop the most talented 
people worldwide who drive our mission forward. Our priorities in people sustainability are clear: we aim to create a 
workplace where everyone feels valued and empowered to contribute their best. This includes a strong focus on talent 
recruiting, retention and promotion, and employee well-being and community engagement. 
We recognize that our success as a company is intrinsically linked to the well-being and development of our employees. 
By maintaining our focus on our people, inclusion and belonging, professional development and community engagement, 
we are confident that we can build a more sustainable world. 
We have implemented various programs to support these priorities, such as our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), which 
provide a platform for our workforce to connect, share experiences and drive positive change within the Company. 
Furthermore, we are committed to giving back to the communities in which we operate, with significant contributions to 
local initiatives and volunteer efforts. 
We have made measurable progress in our talent management, with an increase in the representation of women and 
people of color within our workforce. Additionally, we are committed to supporting our employees’ professional 
development, as evidenced by the thousands of hours spent on learning and development initiatives each year. These 
efforts not only enhance our employees’ skills but also contribute to a more innovative and resilient organization. 
Goals Objectives Strategic outcomes 
what we aim to deliver how we will deliver success how we will track progress 
Attract, retain and develop the most Ensure we attract, retain and develop 
talented workforce the best talent 
Foster a culture where everyone feels 
included and respected 
Actively engage our people and our Engage with communities in which we 
communities live and work 
Embed sustainability as everyone’s 
responsibility 
• Retention parity 
• Best-in-class talent management and 
acquisition 
• Achieve top quartile inclusion index rating 
annually 
• Invest to support global communities 
• YOY increase on employee 
volunteer hours 
• Company-wide plan aimed at driving habits 
of sustainability 
Figure 2-1: Our people-focused sustainability strategy cultivates a high performing, employee-centric environment, creating value for our shareholders. 
18 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
We measure the success of our people-focused initiatives in several ways: 
Employee engagement 
We survey our employees to gauge their satisfaction, identify areas for improvement and measure the 
effectiveness of our initiatives. High engagement scores indicate a positive work environment and strong 
alignment with our Company values. 
Diversity and inclusion 
We constantly review our talent selection, retention and promotion processes, aiming for continuous 
improvement. This includes attracting, retaining and developing the best people globally, providing 
opportunities for all employees and investing in the right people to foster innovation. 
Belonging 
One way we track belonging is to measure voluntary attrition as a proxy indicator. A low voluntary attrition 
rate often indicates that employees feel valued, engaged and satisfied with their work environment. 
Training and development 
We measure the number of hours employees spend on learning and development programs, as well as 
the percentage of employees discussing their achievements and development opportunities with their 
leaders. This measurement helps us assess if our workforce is continuously growing and acquiring the skills 
to progress at scale. 
Community engagement 
We track our contributions to local communities, including volunteer hours and financial support provided 
by both the Company and employees for community initiatives. This information reflects our commitment 
to making a positive impact beyond our immediate business operations. 
Collecting this data enables us to stay focused on our priorities and make sure we are advancing our 
people strategy in a meaningful way. By consistently monitoring and enhancing these aspects, we can 
foster a more inclusive, supportive and nourishing environment for all our employees.

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our people 
The energy sector’s ongoing transformation emphasizes sustainability 
and digitalization. As we expand beyond our traditional markets, 
our employees’ ability to adapt is essential for fostering creativity and 
developing cutting-edge solutions that keep us at the forefront of the industry. 
Our global workforce of 57,349 employees (figure 2-2), with almost 46,000 team 
members outside of the United States, has a strong international presence and 
ability to attract employees from diverse backgrounds. We conduct business in 
over 120 countries and our employees, representing 151 nationalities, work in 88 
countries. This blend of global perspectives makes us stronger, more resilient and 
better equipped to serve our customers worldwide. Overall, the number 
of employees has remained steady compared to 2023, with the only dip 
occurring in the Americas. This stability highlights our resilience and adaptability 
in a dynamic global market. Full-time roles represent 98.5% of our total 
employees’ roles, of which 86% are permanent contracts. Non-permanent 
contracts are mainly offered in the United States for roles that drive production 
of our products and services, including field operations, logistics, manufacturing 
and client support services. 
Non-employee workers supplement the skills of our people by providing  
on-demand outsourced services, which enable us to react flexibly to business 
and economic requirements. In 2024, we collaborated with our suppliers, who 
employed 22,760 non-employee workers that fulfilled various roles across all 
business segments and regions where we operate. 
Generations: 
Our transformation as a company is reshaping the age distribution of our 
12,768 
6,201 
18,849 675 
7,304 
1,291 
10,261 
Figure 2-2: Number of employees by region. The total number of employees has remained consistent compared to 2023; however, the regional distribution of our employee population has shifted. 
workforce. As we expand our deployment of new energy solutions and 
digital innovations, we attract younger talent, particularly Millennials (Gen Y) and compared to 2023 (figure 2-4). A similar pattern was observed for the subgroup 
Generation (Gen) Z, who excel with emerging technologies and are passionate of the EB+ group. The slight decrease in the number of people in leadership roles 
about sustainability. In 2024, the percentage of people belonging to Gen Z is primarily due to recent organizational changes aimed at streamlining 15.0% 
14.5% 
14.3% 
1.2% 
1.0% 
0.9%
2022 
(figure 2-3) increased by 2.4% points, from 7.4% to 9.8%. At the same time, we operations and by putting leaders closer to the customer interface. 
value the experience, expertise, critical industry knowledge and mentorship 
Year
2023 
provided by the Silent Generation, Baby Boomers and Gen X. This blend of 
75% 2024generational strengths ensures a balanced, highly experienced workforce 
capable of navigating the complexities of the energy sector’s future. 0% 2.5% 5% 7.5% 10% 12.5% 15% 17.5%51.3% 50.7% 51.0% 
0% 
50% 
25%
Percent (%) of employees
36.4% 
7.5% 4.9% 
35.4% 
6.6% 7.4% 
33.8% 
5.4% 9.8% 
Percent (%) of employees 
% SPB  % EB+ 
Figure 2-4: Percent of employees in leadership roles over a three-year period has decreased due to 
recent organizational changes aimed at streamlining operations and enhancing strategic growth. 
Employees in leadership roles: 
Employees in leadership roles include senior level managers, seasoned managers 
and specialized individual contributors who possess a thorough knowledge of 
their business or function. These roles encompass a range from senior 
professional to vice president levels, including executive roles along the way. 
By definition, senior professional band and above (SPB+) include SPB employees 
and executive band and above (EB+) ones. In 2024, our workforce comprised 
2022 2023 2024 
Year Note: Senior Professional Band (SPB) is the difference between SPB and above (SPB+) and Executive Band 
and above (EB+).Boomers Generation X Generation Y Generation Z 
8,727 SPB+ representing 15.2% of the total workforce, a decrease of 0.3% points 
19 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
Figure 2-3: Percent of employees in our workforce by generation over a three-year period. 
Note: the Greatest generation is 0.00% from 2022 to 2024 and the Silent generation is 0.01% from 2022 to 2024.

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our people continued 
Representation of women 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Encouraging trends in 2024 underscore our efforts to cultivate a diverse 2022 
19.9% 
26.0% 
19.5% 
22.9% 
19.1% 
22.1% 
GirlsGetSET empowers the future workforce
workplace where all employees have the opportunity to thrive and grow. While working for GE in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Kim Larham established the 
We understand that including women in the workplace is not merely about GirlsGetSET program, a volunteer-run organization that aimed to change the way 
that girls in the U.K. experience STEM during this pivotal time of their lives. Sincefairness; it is a strategic advantage that fosters innovation, enhances 
then, the program has expanded to the U.S. and Italy and helped more than 12,000
Year
performance and leads to a more dynamic and successful organization. 
In 2024, the percent of women in the workforce (figure 2-5) increased by 
2023 girls embrace STEM education and the exciting careers that follow. The GirlsGetSET 
program, lasting 12 or 24 months, combines online interactions, face-to-face
0.5%5 points, from 19.5% in 2023 to 19.9%. mentoring from women with careers in STEM and hands-on projects in all-girl 
group environments. The curriculum culminates in a graduation event known as 
Hiring and retention of women: 2024 “Girls’ Day” that helps solidify a sense of belonging among STEM-minded girls. 
We continue to attract the most highly-qualified candidates. Women made 
In 2024, the GirlsGetSET program:up 26.0% of our external hires, a 3.1% point increase from 2023 (figure 2-4). 0% 5% 10% 15% 20% 25% 30% 
% of women hired 
 • Volunteered more than 1200 hours from % of women in our workforce 
• Organized approximately 200 eventsWomen choose to stay at Baker Hughes due to our training programs, Percent (%) of women in the workforce • Hosted six “Girls Days”
competitive salaries, excellent career progression opportunities and flexible 
working conditions. This is evident from the decline in voluntary attrition rates Baker Hughes employees
Figure 2-5: Percent of women in the workforce and percent of women hired from outside Baker Hughes for women, which decreased from 7.5% in 2023 to 6.1% in 2024. • Spotlighted 14 career types in local languages 
(external hire) have increased over a three-year period. featuring women role models from Baker Hughes, 
who shared their personal stories working in STEMWomen in leadership: 
fieldsAs we continued to transform our Company this past year, there was a reduction 
0% 30%20% 
24.4% 
23.6% 
22.9% 
EB+ 
18.6% 
18.4% 
18.7%
SPB+
10% 
in the percent of employees holding SPB+ positions (figure 2-3), yet the trends 
related to women in leadership roles diverged somewhat from the overall 
corporate trend. 
• Women on the Board: The percent of women on our Board of Directors 
remained unchanged in 2024 at 33.0%. 
• EB+ leadership: In 2024, the percent of 
women in EB+ roles decreased 0.6%6 points YoY. 
• SPB+ leadership: The percent 
of women in SPB+ roles increased by 0.4%7 point YoY. 
Women in science, technology, engineering and mathematics: 
Meet Kim. 
Kimberley (Kim) Larham, 
Integrated Supply Chain Optimization Leader, OFSE 
In 2024, the percent of women in science, technology, engineering and 
mathematics (STEM) positions rose by 0.6% points, from 14.2% to 14.8% Percent (%) of women leadership roles 
(figure 2-7). Women in STEM are represented across various job families,  2022 2023 2024 
including engineering, data science, technology development and 
Figure 2-6: Percent of women in leadership roles in the respective SPB+ and EB+ population over 
manufacturing, but the significant growth in the number of women in STEM is a three-year period.
primarily due to the surge of women taking on roles in field operations. This 
progress reflects our ongoing commitment to creating opportunities for all. 
202220232024 
14.8% 
12.1% 
14.2% 
Women in STEM 2022 
Women in STEM 2023 
Women in STEM 20245 The percent of women in the workforce increased by 0.46% but is shown as 0.5% due to rounding. 
6 The percent of women in EB+ roles decreased by 0.64% but is shown as 0.6% due to rounding. 
7 The percent of women in EB+ roles decreased by 0.35% but is shown as 0.3% due to rounding. 
20 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
Figure 2-7: Percent of women in STEM roles has increased over a three-year period.

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our people continued 
People of color representation 
The overall increase in people of color (PoC) representation, coupled with specific 
improvements among women and within senior and executive leadership roles, 
highlights the success of our talent strategy and inclusive culture. We believe that 
a diverse and inclusive workforce is a vital driver of organizational success, 
innovation and resilience. 
PoC in Leadership 
• EB+ leadership: The percent of employees who identify as PoC in EB+ 
leadership positions increased from 28.8% to 29.2% (figure 2-8). Our executive 
leadership team is committed to fostering an inclusive environment where 
diverse voices are heard and valued. We have implemented policies and 
practices that ensure fair and unbiased evaluations, promotions and 
compensation, thereby encouraging a more inclusive executive leadership 
landscape. 
• SPB+ leadership: The percent of employees who identify as PoC in SPB+ roles 
increased from 33.2% to 33.6% (figure 2-8). This growth underscores our 
commitment to fair and unbiased talent management. We recognize that 
diverse leadership teams bring unique perspectives, drive innovation and 
enhance decision-making processes. 
Women PoC employees: 
The percent of women employees who identified as PoC increased slightly from 
23.4% to 23.6%. We introduced mentorship and ERGs specifically tailored to 
address the unique challenges faced by women of color. 
PoC in the US: 
In 2024, the percent of U.S. employees who identified as PoC increased from 38.3% 
to 39.0% (figure 2-9). This increase is a testament to our efforts to recruit, engage, 
retain and develop a diverse workforce by providing equitable opportunities for 
career advancement and fostering a culture of respect and belonging across our 
enterprise. 
35% 
28.6% 28.8% 
29.2% 
32.1% 
33.2% 
33.6% 
SPB+ EB+
 2022 2023 2024 
Percent (%) of group
30% 
25% 
Figure 2-8: Percent of PoC in leadership roles in the respective SPB+ and EB+ population over 
a three-year period. 
202220232024 
39.0% 
36.1% 
38.3% 
U.S. employees PoC 
U.S. employees non-PoC 
Figure 2-9: Percent of U.S. employees who identified as People of Color (PoC) increased 
slightly over a three-year period. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Outstanding Diversity Champion 
Xchelsia Jennings advances diversity within Baker Hughes through her leadership 
and working in ERGs. She partnered to lead efforts to continue to build the Black 
Employee Network (BEN) ERG from the ground up, including rebuilding the 
framework and strategy, soliciting leaders, building committees and engaging 
members. Her ability to make others feel valued and included made her a natural 
leader. Xchelsia was a driving force behind a $100,000 grant to support the 
Emancipation Park Conservancy, which she presented alongside Baker Hughes’ 
CEO Lorenzo Simonelli and other leaders. Her passion for the Enabled ERG 
stemmed from having a visually impaired brother and two nephews. She 
ensured the new Houston global headquarters was equipped with state-of-the-
art accommodations, leading the creation and promotion of a video highlighting 
equitable access for Enabled employees. 
Xchelsia extended her knowledge and insight to many women at Baker Hughes 
to help them achieve their career aspirations. Growing up as an African 
American woman with a visually impaired brother in a southern state, her 
connection with diversity was personal. Despite challenges in her career, she 
became more assertive and now leads by empowering her teams through 
empathetic and collaborative leadership. Throughout 
her career at Baker Hughes, Xchelsia drove numerous 
initiatives related to diversity, inclusion, belonging and 
allyship. She quietly lifted and empowered others behind 
the scenes, ensuring everyone felt included 
and valued. 
Meet Xchelsia. 
Xchelsia Jennings, 
Executive Channel Enablement, OFSE 
21 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our culture, values and behaviors 
In 2019, we reintroduced Baker Hughes to the world as an energy technology 
company to reflect our contributions and ambitions more accurately. We built a 
strong foundation with four values – LEAD, GROW, COLLABORATE and CARE. Along 
with an unwavering commitment to integrity, HSE and quality, these values 
represent what our Company stands for today. 
Our values 
Grow 
 Lead 
See challenge as Make, invent and 
opportunity and perform with impact. 
learn every day. 
Collaborate Care 
Inspire, be inclusive Do the right thing, 
and bring out the always for our 
best in each other. customers, our people 
and the environment. 
Our commitment to integrity, HSE and quality remains 
as strong as ever. 
We know it is not enough to enhance the framework that supports our culture. 
The successful evolution of our culture requires our leaders to invest, both 
personally and through our businesses, in active, compelling and effective 
communications about our culture and specifically about our day-to-day 
behaviors. But this is no ordinary task; it is a challenge that requires a considered 
and comprehensive engagement strategy. 
In 2024, we enhanced our organizational culture by more clearly outlining the 
behaviors that align with our core values. Through contributions from more than 
400 employees throughout our Company, we identified “Eight Behaviors,” which 
help employees understand their responsibilities and the expectations for their 
performance. To ensure all employees are introduced to these behavioral 
expectations simultaneously, an enterprise-wide educational campaign was 
launched in 15 different languages. With 97% of the people leaders holding 
conversations within their teams, employees were introduced to the eight 
behaviors and targeted action plans to ensure the new behaviors are deeply 
embedded into our culture. 
Our Eight Behaviors are foundational to our 
strategy implementation and reflect another step 
in advancing our high-performance culture. 
We trust and respect one another. 
We are inclusive and take care of each other. 
We listen and communicate transparently. 
We embrace change and learn continuously. 
We strive to improve and innovate 
courageously. 
We keep sustainability top of mind
 in everything we do. 
We create value for customers, ensuring 
satisfaction at every point in their journey. 
We drive performance, celebrate 
successes and win together. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Keeping sustainability top of mind with “People First” 
Every employee has an opportunity and responsibility to make an impact. 
We continuously work to improve sustainability tools and resources, providing 
valuable support to our employees on demand, when they need it. Making energy 
safer, cleaner and more efficient for people and the planet is dependent on our 
people working together to action our sustainability commitments. 
In 2024, in support of growing strong sustainability behaviors, we deployed the 
“People First: Bringing our Culture to Life in Local Languages” initiative. The purpose 
was to improve employee engagement and inclusivity. Spearheaded by over 
200 participants from our IMPACT and CULTIVATE programs and endorsed by 
executive leadership and HR, this initiative sought to enhance our corporate 
culture in the nine languages spoken by 95% of our workforce. Our focus was on 
culture and behavior frameworks, our business and sustainability strategy and 
our inclusivity commitment. The program reached at least 30% of our global 
employees, especially those at manufacturing and customer sites, in their 
native languages. 
The initiative’s results went beyond all expectations, with more 
than 33,000 attendees and 490 engagements within four weeks, 
over 60% of which were held in person. “People First” exemplifies 
how our employees can support each other, fostering a sense of 
inclusion, belonging and collective achievement. 
‘PEOPLE FIRST’ IN ACTION: Maivy Orozco, OFSE. As a member of the People First Spanish
language team, she met with 23 OFSE employees during a Field Services Specialist
training session in Comodoro Rivadavia, Argentina. 
22 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our unified talent strategy 
By attracting and developing the best talent, we ensure that we have the right mix 
of skills and ideas to tackle the world’s most complex challenges. However, without 
a cohesive approach to talent management, we risk missing out on the full 
potential of our workforce. At the end of 2024, we launched a new unified talent 
strategy (figure 2-10). 
Here’s how our unified talent strategy adds value: 
Consistency across businesses: 
Our unified talent strategy ensures that we maintain consistent standards 
and practices across all our global operations. This consistency is crucial for 
aligning our diverse workforce with our core values, eight behaviors and 
strategic objectives. 
Attracting and retaining top talent: 
In a competitive global market, our talent strategy helps us attract high-quality 
candidates and retain our top performers by offering clear growth opportunities 
and a positive work culture. 
Enhanced employee experience: 
By integrating our talent management processes, we provide our employees a 
seamless and positive experience. This includes development opportunities for 
upskilling and a supportive work environment that fosters growth and innovation. 
Improved agility: 
In the energy sector, agility is key. Our talent strategy allows us to quickly adapt to 
changing market conditions by having a flexible and skilled workforce ready 
to meet new challenges. 
Promotion from within: 
We routinely promote talent from within the organization. This reflects our 
confidence in our talent development and identification processes, 
demonstrating that building a career at Baker Hughes is real and achievable. 
Our talent strategy helps us provide equal opportunities for growth and 
development in leadership, while also strengthening our governance around 
succession planning, talent assessment and talent mobility. To achieve our 
goals, we need well-defined capabilities at the organizational level. 
“‘People First, Energy Forward’ is not just a slogan— 
it’s our guiding principle. We understand that our 
most valuable asset is our people. Placing the right 
talent in the right role at the right time is crucial to 
achieving our business and talent strategies. It’s our 
incredible employees across the globe that makes 
Baker Hughes exceptional and helps us to reach our 
goals and strengthen our vibrant culture.” 
Melody Kelleher, 
VP Talent Empowerment 
Attract and identify 
with passion and purpose 
• Activate our Employee Value Proposition. 
• Identify internal employees who are 
ready for their next career challenges. 
• Spotlight potential successors to our 
critical roles. 
• Foster diversity through global 
talent recruitment. 
Figure 2-10: Our three-phased talent strategy 
promotes agility and enables Baker Hughes to 
meet the evolving business needs. 
Engage and develop 
to strengthen and grow 
• Provide feedback to strengthen 
performance. 
• Build skills and potential through 
development opportunities. 
• Offer communities and programs 
to build leadership and belonging. 
• Provide non-linear career opportunities 
to create a more agile workforce. 
• Empower our talent to be the architects 
of their respective careers. 
Reward and recognize 
powerful accomplishments 
• Provide fit-for-market rewards plans. 
• Recognize and reward individual 
achievement with programs and awards. 
• Support individuals in the discovery of 
dynamic and rewarding career paths. 
• Promote talent at the right time. 
23 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Attract and identify 
To ensure long-term success and profitable growth, we focus on cultivating the 
right skills and capabilities while embracing diverse perspectives. This helps us 
navigate and thrive in an ever-changing business landscape. We have focused 
on four key capabilities—Solution Selling, Engineering Technology, Digital and 
Sustainability. These are crucial for delivering on our goals. By understanding the 
skills needed across our business units, we can place the right people in the right 
roles. This aligns with our commitment to innovation, legal compliance and 
top-notch talent management practices like the talent mobility process. 
During 2024, we successfully attracted talented candidates and prioritized the 
development and growth of our existing employees. A total of 11,820 positions were 
filled in 2024. External candidates filled 7,656 roles and internal candidates filled 
4,164 positions (figure 2-11) an increase of 4% points from 2023. The increase in 
internal hiring was the result of improved talent assessment practices, 
strengthened succession planning and internal mobility. Our approach to 
identifying and attracting the most talented people enables us to build a capable 
team to lead in this evolving landscape and advance our mission. 
Attracting talent for STEM Roles 
Our dedication to supporting the energy transition through innovative and 
sustainable solutions is unwavering and we recognize that STEM fields, regardless 
of gender, are crucial to delivering shareholder value. Therefore, recruiting indi-
viduals skilled in these areas is a significant competitive advantage, irrespective 
of gender. Collaborating with educational institutions is essential to initially inspire 
and educate future professionals in STEM disciplines and then attract them. 
Our employee value proposition 
To the outside world, a strong employee value proposition helps us attract new 
talent to Baker Hughes, including those who might not have previously 
considered a career in the energy sector. More and more, new graduates with 
technical degrees are drawn to companies with a purpose that aligns with their 
values. By showcasing our unique culture and aspirations, our employee value 
proposition becomes a powerful tool to engage and inspire both current and 
potential employees, reinforcing our commitment to excellence and innovation. 
Engage and develop 
Employee engagement and development are keys to reducing voluntary attrition. 
When employees feel engaged, they are more connected to their work and the 
organization, leading to higher job satisfaction, productivity and loyalty. 
Engagement initiatives, such as recognition programs and opportunities for 
meaningful work, help employees to feel valued and motivated. 
In 2024, total voluntary attrition (figure 2-12) decreased by 1.0% points YoY to 6.0% 
and attrition rate of employees under 30 age decreased by 1.6% points to 9.9%. 
Furthermore, the voluntary attrition rate of women decreased by 1.4% points YoY 
(7.5% to 6.1%). These trends serve as strong indicators of employee satisfaction and 
the effectiveness of our talent strategy. We foster an inclusive workplace built on 
trust and respect, where our employees feel valued and motivated to stay. 
While voluntary attrition decreased, total attrition increased by 1.6% points from 
10.2% in 2023 to 11.8% in 2024. This increase was primarily driven by shifts in our OFSE 
business model and operating structure to increase efficiency and agility. 
8.6% 
202220232024 
35.2% 
31.7% 
31.2% 
68.3% 
64.8% 
68.8% 
Internal candidates hired 
External candidates hired 
2022 
Your passion, our purpose: 
What drives our employees is the chance to tackle the toughest challenges facing 
Year 7.0%2023 
the global community today. Our purpose—to take energy forward, making it safer, 2024 6.0% 
cleaner and more efficient for people and the planet—resonates throughout our 
0% 2% 4% 6% 8% 10%organization. It’s why many of us come to work each day. 
Percent (%) of voluntary attrition 
Your vision, our innovation: Figure 2-12: Percent total voluntary attrition has decreased over a three-year period. 
We have a rich history of innovation and we’re excited to use our expertise to 
reduce the environmental impact of our traditional business and explore new 
pathways to a more sustainable energy future. 
Your potential, our growth: 
Employees value being part of a global organization filled with diverse voices. 
They seek challenges and opportunities to advance. 
Your individuality, our inclusivity: 
Our differences make us stronger and unique perspectives fuel innovation. When 
Figure 2-11: Percent of internal and external candidates filling open positions over a three-year period. people thrive, we all move forward. Our employees’ safety and well-being are 
our priority. We offer flexible options to help our people find a work-life balance 
between that suits them. 
We have several initiatives to support our global goals of attracting and retaining 
the best talent at Baker Hughes. We are committed to fair and respectful treat-
ment for all, ensuring we live out our Baker Hughes values and behaviors. 
To learn more watch video. 
24 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Engage and develop continued 
Develop 
Employee development is key to individual and organizational success. We 
empower employees to be the architects of their careers and we support them 
through learning programs, mentorship, career advancement initiatives, 
assessment of their performance, fostering a culture of continuous learning and 
development to drive growth and innovation in the evolving energy sector. 
Our training portfolio includes in-person and online options, with over 85,000 
on-demand courses available via our Learning Management System, focusing on 
leadership, technical and functional skills. In 2024, employees averaged 22.6 hours 
of training through this system, with additional hours spent utilizing external 
learning portals not quantified. 
Functional and technical development is essential for operational excellence, 
offering comprehensive training on equipment, technologies, digital transition 
and efficiency through various approaches. In 2024, the Company has improved 
learning opportunities to focus on job-related skills, maintaining its leadership in 
energy technology. Investments include technical training in native languages 
and using AI to enhance content quality. 
Sustainability awareness is fundamental to execute our strategy. We need to 
provide our employees basic training resources as well as updates on markets, 
commercial insights, initiatives to reduce emissions and policies. With this goal in 
mind, in 2024 we enhanced our Sustainability Knowledge Center and we launched 
the Sustainability Sales Enablement Hub. 
Leadership and personal development programs create well-rounded 
professionals proficient in their technical roles and capable of leading and 
inspiring others. Some of the opportunities offered include: 
• CORE and JOURNEY: Our social learning communities are designed to offer 
collaborative, self-directed learning experiences respectively for 
employees at any career stage and people leaders. We provide our 
communities’ participants with learner-driven training opportunities, including 
web-based learning, virtual sessions, mentoring, buddy circles for networking, 
employee-led discussions and deliver-back sessions to practice and 
demonstrate newly acquired skills. 
In 2024, CORE expanded to over 6,700 
members and JOURNEY to 1,900 members. 
25 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
• In-person learning opportunities: We support our talented employees on 
their own and unique career development journey. With a nomination-based 
attendance model, fully aligned with our unified talent strategy, the high 
satisfaction reported by over 600 employees in 2024 across regions serves as 
proof of success. These learning opportunities focused on targeted leadership 
skills, strategic thinking, creating a vision, innovation, business and financial 
acumen, effective communication, leading change and transformation, 
operational excellence, people management and more. 
• Talent development programs8: Our initiatives aim to furnish all employees 
with the essential skills and knowledge required to thrive in a swiftly changing 
industry. 
— ASPIRE is a two-year rotational leadership program for recent graduates 
and early-career employees to grow functional and leadership skills through 
challenging assignments, learning plans and global cross-functional 
projects. It aims to accelerate development and retain early-career top 
talent. In 2024, we had 173 members in the program, of which 82 members 
were women. 
— IMPACT is a three-year rotational program for top-performing mid-career 
talent, designed to advance the succession pipeline for senior leadership 
roles. It focuses on critical skills needed to deliver on our strategic goals 
through challenging assignments. In 2024, 21 members participated in the 
program globally. 
Claudia Santini 
HSE Specialist, IET 
Performance development process 
Timely performance reviews are crucial for employee development and 
recognition, guiding career progression and understanding of the needed 
steps an individual should take to reach full potential. Our performance 
development process empowers employees by setting clear priorities annually, 
facilitating regular manager touchpoints and collecting feedback. The year-end 
summary touchpoint is a formal discussion between managers and their 
employees to review contributions and identify future development needs. 
In 2024, employees in the Professional Band and above (PB+) were required to 
complete an end-of-year touchpoint, with an impressive 97.6% completion rate. 
While not all employees are mandated to have an end-of-year touchpoint, 
74.0% of all employees completed it with their manager in 2024, a 5.6% point 
increase from 2023. 
A new performance development and talent identification approach, designed 
in 2024, is being implemented to align evaluations with new behaviors and 
emphasize the importance of “HOW” goals are delivered. This updated process 
aims to engage employees through more frequent and meaningful touchpoints, 
enhancing clarity and transparency of expectations. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
People leader and employees weeks 
In 2024, our talent management team hosted career weeks for employees and 
people leaders, connecting our people resources to support career development. 
These weeks demonstrated the high level of employees’ engagement and desire 
for skills enhancement in alignment our business strategy, as well supporting of 
career progression of their organizations. 
• Employees weeks: Led by IET and OFSE, employee weeks supported 
participants in exploring development opportunities and planning their career 
progression. Approximately 25,000 employees across all regions participated 
in more than 40 sessions, 50 watch parties and 20 mentoring circles. 
• Supply chain days: Aimed to unify the global supply chain for better 
collaboration and address key operational topics. The 2024 theme, 
“Strengthening our Supply Chain Network,” emphasized efficiency, transparency, 
security and sustainability. Around 6,900 employees attended the sessions. 
• People leader week: Baker Hughes allowed leaders to explore team leadership, 
develop skills and connect globally. The event included toolbox talks on 
change management, compensation, hiring and mentoring circles for 
small group discussions with leaders. About 42% of people leaders participated, 
making the week impactful. 
8 In 2024, CULTIVATE was a 12-month international leadership program for women, had 59 participants 
and will be sunset in 2025.

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Engage and develop continued 
Individual development plans 
Our individual development plans (IDPs) are personalized plans intended to help 
employees enhance their skills and achieve long-term career goals, aligning 
with Baker Hughes’ objectives. 
Our IDPs include: 
• Self-assessment: Employees evaluate their current skills, strengths and areas 
for improvement. 
• Goal setting: Employees set specific, measurable, achievable, relevant and 
time-bound goals for their professional development, in alignment with their 
interests and aspirations. 
• Action plan: Employees outline the steps they need to take to achieve their 
goals, including training, mentorship and on-the-job experiences. 
• Regular review: Employees and their managers regularly review progress 
and make adjustments to the plan as needed. 
Enterprise Talent Exchange 
The Enterprise Talent Exchange encourages internal mobility, enabling 
employees to explore different projects and roles across departments and 
regions. This initiative helps staff acquire new skills, aligns with their career goals 
and allows the Company to deploy talent effectively. This strategy enhances 
organizational flexibility, innovation and competitiveness, fostering continuous 
career development and innovative solutions. 
Engage 
Employee engagement is a priority for us because a motivated workforce spurs 
innovation, excellence and has a positive impact on all stakeholders. 
There is a strong link between high employee engagement and enhanced 
organizational performance, as engaged employees tend to be more productive, 
deliver exceptional results and collaborate efficiently. Such collaboration taps 
into the collective skills and knowledge of the workforce, allowing our Company to 
acheive excellence. 
Nevertheless, we recognize that engagement encompasses more than just job 
satisfaction; it involves an emotional and psychological commitment to the 
organization. When employees feel valued, they generate creative ideas, pursue 
improvements and go beyond expectations, fostering a culture of innovation and 
leading to groundbreaking solutions. 
Here are some of the ways we engage our people: 
Inclusive culture and diversity initiatives: 
We are committed to attracting, retaining and developing the most talented 
people by investing in recruiting and development programs, inclusive culture 
and diversity initiatives. 
Community engagement and volunteerism: 
We encourage community engagement and volunteerism, contributing 
significantly to communities through increasing volunteer hours. 
ERGs: 
ERGs are designed to provide employees with personal support, professional 
development and a sense of belonging. Our eight ERGs are instrumental in fueling 
our culture and supporting our strategic goals. They offer networking opportunities, 
mentorship and advocacy for various employee communities, ensuring everyone 
feels valued and empowered. 
In 2024, we had 9,418 employees, representing 16% of our workforce, enrolled in at 
least one ERG. Our ERGs nominated charitable organizations for grants from the 
Baker Hughes Foundation, which donated $750,000 to these causes. 
Black Employee Multicultural Asian Pacific Pride@Work Enabled Veterans LatinX Women’s Network 
Network American Forum 
Figure 2-13: Our eight ERGs provide employees with personal support, opportunities for professional 
growth and a strong sense of community. 
Communities of interest: 
Our communities of interest (COI) also promote collaboration and knowledge 
sharing, encouraging employees to engage in meaningful projects that drive 
social change and support charitable initiatives. Our COI groups focus on topics, 
such as environmental quality, education and opportunity and health, safety and 
well-being. 
In 2024, we strengthened our six communities, helping to build a positive, engaged 
and dynamic work environment. Our COI partnered with the Baker Hughes 
Foundation, which contributed $129,000 to charities nominated by these groups. 
Leaders of Living Well The Parenting Renew STEM UK Women in 
Tomorrow Tribe Field 
Figure 2-14: Our six COI foster a sense of purpose and belonging among employees by aligning their 
passions and interests with Company initiatives. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Women’s network ERG supports the Women Empowerment Program 
An inclusive workplace where employees feel valued and can grow is key to 
retaining our talented people. The Women Empowerment Program, established 
within OFSE in 2022 by Evelyn Fabiano, aims to enhance women’s career 
development by offering personal support, professional growth opportunities 
and fostering a sense of belonging among women employees. Through the years 
and always led by Evelyn’s perseverance, a group of amazing women in Baker 
Hughes turned this initiative into a global and formal 
two-year program. Monthly virtual meetings moderated 
by women leaders to discuss important strategic topics 
and share personal experiences are offered. More than 
600 people participated throughout the world, with over 
200 in Brazil. 
Meet Evelyn. 
Evelyn Fabiano, 
Commercial Director - Americas, OFSE 
26 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

“Our Total Rewards program at Baker Hughes 
compensation, comprehensive benefits and 
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Recognize and reward 
After we have successfully attracted, developed and engaged our workforce, 
identified the finest talent and prioritized a succession plan to secure a strong 
talent pipeline for critical roles, it is imperative to reward and acknowledge their 
contributions. 
We guide individuals in finding dynamic and rewarding career paths through 
top-notch processes and practices, promoting talent at the right time. Our total 
rewards program is tailored to recognize and compensate the hard work and 
dedication of our employees with competitive salaries, bonuses and 
comprehensive benefits. Our market-aligned total rewards and benefits plans 
effectively tie performance to rewards in a meaningful way. 
Total rewards 
We offer a comprehensive suite of rewards designed to recognize 
performance and enhance the well-being of our employees. Our rewards and 
benefits programs cater to the diverse needs of our global workforce and are 
structured to grow with employees throughout their careers. We regularly 
benchmark our total compensation and benefits programs against industry peers 
and local markets to ensure fairness for all employees. Core benefits 
include healthcare plans and life insurance, provided in most locations. We also 
offer various leave options for quality-of-life needs, including family care. 
Additionally, we continue to assess and provide flexible work arrangements such 
as flexible schedules, compressed work weeks, hybrid work, remote work and 
other options to support our employees’ work-life balance. We comply with 
country-specific regulations by establishing limits on working hours and overtime, 
as well as offering paid annual leave. 
is designed to recognize and reward the 
performance, excellence and dedication of 
our employees. By offering competitive 
opportunities for personal and professional 
growth, we ensure our team feels valued 
and motivated to drive our success.” 
Baghir Akhundov,
 VP Enterprise Total Rewards 
Here’s how we reward our employees: 
Salary and bonus: 
We offer more than just a competitive base salary. We provide a range of 
bonus opportunities tailored to each role, including corporate bonuses, field 
remuneration, sales incentives and long-term incentives. These rewards are 
designed to recognize hard work and dedication, ensuring our team feels valued 
and motivated. 
Financial benefits: 
We want to help employees plan for a secure future. That’s why we offer life 
insurance, disability benefits, educational support, tuition reimbursement, 
retirement savings plans and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan. In cases of 
involuntary workforce reductions, we comply with local notice period laws and 
works councils, provide severance payments that meet or exceed requirements 
and offer outplacement assistance in many locations. 
Energize rewards and recognition: 
In 2024, we launched the new Energize Reward and Recognition Program. Through 
Energize, the employees have the power to say thank you for day-to-day 
achievements and celebrate each other for going above and beyond their scope 
of responsibility to drive business results while living our corporate behaviors and 
values. Over 60% of employees received a recognition during the year and over 
70% of those were done at peer level, demonstrating the desire of our workforce to 
reward and celebrate their colleagues. 
Lifestyle support: 
We understand the importance of work-life balance. Our flexible work and 
working-from-home arrangements and tailored policies are designed to meet 
the unique needs of our employees, no matter where they are. 
Global mobility: 
With our global presence, selected employees have the chance to take on 
international assignments and grow their careers across different countries and 
regions. We provide financial and logistic benefits to facilitate their mobility. 
Parental leave:
 In 2022, we approved a minimum parental leave of 18 weeks for a primary parent 
and two weeks for a secondary parent at full base pay in all countries. In 2023, we 
began the phased implementation of our Global Parental Leave policy. As of the 
end of 2024, we had completed implementation in 46 of 88 countries, expanding 
our ability to track to more than 65% of our total employees. 
Health and well-being: 
We truly care about our employees’ health and well-being. That’s why we offer 
a range of comprehensive healthcare and wellness benefits, including private 
medical, dental and vision insurance and a 24/7 Employee Assistance Program 
that provides confidential support whenever they need it. In 2024, we deepened our 
focus on mental health and emotional well-being of our employees. 
Living well at Baker Hughes 
“Living Well” is an enterprise initiative, backed by a COI sharing the same name, 
aimed at enhancing the overall well-being of our employees. This program is 
based on five pillars: 
• Connections: Building relationships, a sense of belonging and psychological 
safety. 
• Physical health: Focusing on nutrition, healthy habits, fatigue and sleep. 
• Safety and security: Ensuring workplace and personal safety, financial 
well-being and travel safety. 
• Mental well-being: Promoting mental health, resilience and a positive mindset. 
• Sense of purpose: Connecting employees to volunteering, career 
development and valued work. 
In November, we launched our first global well-being survey in support of our talent 
and people first strategy. The objectives were to understand employees’ overall 
well-being, analyze our strengths and opportunities and improve Living Well. We 
measured social well-being, mental health and stress, physical environment and 
organizational drivers. The results will shape our long-term strategy and actionable 
items for 2025 and beyond. With nearly 35% of our global workforce participating, 
representing all job types from 76 different countries, we’ve confirmed the 
engagement and interest of our employees on this matter. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Mental Health Week 
We recognize the importance of caring for our employees’ mental health because 
it empowers them to be their best at work and at home, driving overall well-being 
and productivity. 
In October, the World Mental Health week was celebrated through a series of 
interactive virtual sessions. Our Multicultural ERG and Living Well 
COI hosted guest speaker, Gregory Caremans, a TEDx speaker 
and founder of the Brain Academy, led a dynamic discussion on 
brain health and productivity. Participants were invited to try some 
brain-boosting activities and learned how to avoid “brain-killing 
activities.” 
27 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Belonging at Baker Hughes 
At Baker Hughes belonging is more than just a buzzword—it is an essential 
component of our success. When we bring together the most talented people 
with different backgrounds and perspectives, we spark creativity and drive more 
innovative solutions. This is crucial in the energy technology sector, where staying 
ahead of the curve is key. Our differences make us stronger. We value diversity in 
all its forms—gender, race, ethnicity, age, gender identity, sexual orientation, ability, 
cultural background, religion, veteran status, experience, thought and more. 
In 2024, we took the next step in our cultural transformation towards diversity, 
inclusion and belonging as core to our unified talent strategy. We knew that 
diversity alone was not enough; inclusion ensured that every voice was heard 
and valued, while belonging created a sense of community where everyone 
felt accepted and integrated into our mission. We ensure our selection and 
retention processes are fair, aimed at attracting and retaining the most talented 
people, and empowering everyone to achieve their full potential. 
Together, diversity, inclusion and belonging help drive our success and enable us 
to lead the energy transition with integrity and excellence. Our commitment to 
diversity and inclusion also enhances our attractiveness as an employer. It enables 
us to recruit and retain top talent ensuring we have the best people on our 
team. This, in turn, strengthens our relationships with customers, partners and 
investors who prioritize these principles. Our customers and investors care about 
these values because they drive innovation, improve decision-making and help us 
better understand and serve our diverse customer base. 
Diversity and inclusion are strategic advantages that 
benefit everyone—our employees, our customers and 
our investors. 
We take pride in our efforts and remain dedicated to 
creating a workplace where everyone can thrive. 
In 2024, we continued to make progress on several key initiatives, reflecting our 
ongoing commitment to fostering an inclusive workplace where all employees 
can thrive. 
Here’s how we show our commitment to diversity, inclusion 
and belonging: 
Unified talent strategy: 
We emphasized diversity, inclusion and belonging as core components 
of our unified talent strategy, ensuring these principles were integrated 
into all aspects of our operations. 
Driving opportunity: 
We continued to promote fairness in all our talent processes, such as talent 
acquisition, talent assessment, succession planning, profitability and talent 
mobility. 
Learning on demand: 
We continued to improve and deliver multiple learning experiences, 
including workshops on inclusive leadership. 
ERGs: 
We grew our ERGs and launched the #LetsTalkCulture series to promote 
open discussions about our corporate culture and inclusivity. 
Parental leave: 
We continued to deliver equitable parental leave, which covers 98.1% 
of our employees, supporting our employees’ work-life balance and 
family needs. 
How we define diversity, inclusion and belonging 
Diversity 
The unique attributes that 
we bring as individuals 
Diverse workforce 
Ensure we have access 
to and support diverse 
pipelines of talent and 
prioritize development 
and retention 
Customer relationships 
Bring maximum value 
to our customers, 
channels and local 
partners, enabling all of 
us to win, grow and take 
energy forward 
Our commitment statement: 
We are shaping the future of the energy industry—and 
that future belongs to all of us. We believe unique 
ideas and perspectives fuel innovation and our 
differences make us stronger. Together we are taking 
energy forward. 
Inclusion Belonging 
How we value difference, Ensuring all employees feel 
respect and interact with welcomed, safe, connected 
one another and appreciated 
Inclusive culture 
Cultivate a culture and 
environment where 
everyone feels they 
belong and can thrive 
and contribute 
Supplier diversity 
Support and build 
strong partnerships with 
a diverse array of local 
and global suppliers that 
share our values 
Community outreach 
Support and be good 
stewards in the 
communities where 
we conduct business 
Figure 2-15: Belonging is supported by five pillars. 
28 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Belonging at Baker Hughes continued 
Europe, North Sea and Caspian 
• BEN ERG partnered with local U.K. 
organization in support of World 
Clean-up Day 
Veterans ERG organized a care 
package drive to support troops 
Global initiatives champion 
diversity, inclusion and belonging 
Figure 2-16: Our employees champion diversity, inclusion and belonging 
initiatives across the world. 
North America 
• Asia Pacific American Forum (APAF) and 
Enabled Employee Resource Groups 
(ERGs) organized a fundraising event 
in partnership with a local organization 
to support children and adults with 
intellectual and developmental 
disabilities 
• Black Employee Network (BEN) ERG 
volunteered at Boys and Girls Club 
to provide mentoring and support 
activities for growth and development 
• Multicultural ERG hosted a Ramadan 
celebration and international potluck 
to create a more inclusive culture 
• APAF ERG organized Lunar New Year 
celebration and Diwali events 
• Enabled ERG volunteered at a local 
Special Olympics event 
29 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
• 
deployed overseas 
• Women Network (WN) ERG actively 
participated to a conference in 
Houston led by Women’s Energy 
Network Global, joining a panel about 
the envision of the future of the energy 
transition 
• APAF ERG coached the next generation 
of STEM professionals 
• Parenting Tribe COI contributed to lunch 
bag decorating for Kids’ Meals 
• Leaders for Tomorrow COI organized a 
hive of scientific discovery in Houston 
Latin America 
• LatinX ERG organized the 
Run4Education campaign to raise 
funds for college scholarships 
• The “Women in the Shop” career 
development roundtable was held at 
the Brazil Service Center in Petrópolis 
• LatinX ERG, in collaboration with GMI, 
launched a mentorship program for 
underserved college students, refugees 
and early career people 
• The Talent Acquisition team attended 
industry technology summits in Germany 
and Poland to network with women in 
technology 
• Multicultural ERG and OXFAM Italy 
discussed “The Art of Living in a 
Globalized World” 
• Our Celle, Germany team took part in 
Jugend forscht, a nationwide network for 
promoting young people in STEM 
• Veterans ERG supported the Careers 
Transition Partnership in U.K. 
• WN ERG hosted a Breast Cancer 
Awareness initiative in Fot, Hungary 
• Regional Diversity Week celebration, 
designed to celebrate and promote 
diversity and inclusion 
• Our teams in Italy volunteered for 
Dynamo Camp to support children 
affected by serious or chronic illnesses 
Middle East, North Africa 
and India 
• Renew COI organized a tree planting 
in the UAE 
• WN ERG organized Breast Cancer 
Awareness, yoga and music days  in 
India 
Sub-Saharan Africa 
• Africa Day celebrations were organized 
across 11 countries with volunteerism 
and social events 
• Multicultural ERG hosted a country 
spotlight on Kenya in partnership 
with Oxy 
• WN and BEN ERG promoted Baker 
Hughes at the University of Ghana 
Asia Pacific and Australia 
• Baker Hughes showcased sustainability 
and inclusion at the Offshore 
Technology Conference in Asia 
• A cultural competency training event 
was held to gain a deeper understanding 
about the Aboriginal and Torres Strait 
Islander cultures of Australia 
• Our “Eight Behaviors in Four Week” 
campaign focused on developing more 
inclusive and diverse ways of working 
• Pride@work ERG attended a diversity 
and inclusion summit in Perth 
• Multicultural ERG celebrated the World 
Food Day in several countries

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Belonging at Baker Hughes continued 
Diversity in our workforce
Our corporate memberships with respected non-profits, such as Ally Energy, 
Catalyst, Disability:IN and the Women’s Energy Network, provide partnership and 
guidance to support our goals. Our talent acquisition efforts, as well as our eight 
global ERGs, support the engagement, development and retention of our diverse 
workforce across the organization 
The encouraging trends in 2024 underscore our continuous efforts to cultivate a 
workplace where our diverse workforce have the opportunity to thrive and grow. 
Please refer to “Our People” paragraph to learn more about PoC representation 
and women workforce. 
Ahmed Almarhoon, 
Mechanical Assembler, IET. 
30 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Launch of the Women in the Field community of practice
We are committed to encouraging more women to work in the field, offering
them opportunities for growth and breaking down cultural barriers. Baker Hughes’ 
WN launched at the beginning of 2024 a new COI called Women in the Field (WIF), 
creating a space to bring together women and allies in field-related role. Through
open discussions, podcasts, events and exciting initiatives the members of the 
community can openly share their needs as well as 
inspire colleagues. 
Zahra Alsalman is the first female well site supervisor in
‘’On the rigs, you have different 
challenges every day and you use 
a range of experiences to work as 
a team to deliver the well safely.” 
The willingness to do something unconventional and
take on challenges is driven by determination, curiosity,
courage and passion.
Zahra Alsalman, 
Lead Reliability Engineer, OFSE 
Meet Zahra. 
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
Read more here 
Meet Niharika. 
Niharika Sharma is the first in her family of teachers to study engineering. She is
blazing a trail for women on offshore rigs in India. Read more here. 
Niharika and her OFSE teammates on board an offshore rig, in India. From left to right:
Amit Kumar, Anand Kishore, Arun Mani, Niharika Sharma, Yudhveer Chib, Hinglaj Singh. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Celebrating cultural diversity 
In support of World Day for Cultural Diversity on May 21, our Multicultural ERG 
hosted sessions on Baker Hughes’ Culture and Inclusion Strategy, featuring 
discussions with top executives on cultural intelligence and its impact on 
personal, professional and business goals. Collaborative sessions with other 
ERGs and COIs explored emotional intelligence and supported initiatives like 
“Nurturing Minds,” a charity for girls in Tanzania. 
Senior leaders participated to emphasize our 
commitment to diversity, cultural recognition 
and the principle of mutual trust and respect. 
Meet Zaher. 
“Our global company thrives on cross-cultural 
understanding and open communication, 
recognizing them as strategic advantages. 
Personally, I’m passionate about this because I 
believe in the power of different perspectives. That’s 
why I always make time to support the Multicultural 
ERG, join sessions and brainstorm ideas. By fostering 
an environment where every employee can develop 
cross-cultural understanding, we are better 
equipped to serve our global customer 
base and drive sustainable growth.” 
Zaher Ibrahim, 
VP OFSE Surface Pressure Controls and 
Multicultural ERG Executive Sponsor

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Belonging at Baker Hughes continued 
Inclusion SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Inclusion and belonging go hand in hand. Inclusion involves 
creating an environment where individuals from diverse backgrounds feel 
respected, valued and integrated into decision-making processes. It ensures 
equal access to opportunities and resources for everyone. Belonging is the 
emotional experience of feeling accepted and valued as part of our workplace, 
with customers and in the communities where we live and work. 
We strive to create an inclusive workplace that builds the foundation. Belonging 
is the result—where our people feel safe to be themselves and contribute fully. 
When our employees feel they belong, they are more likely to be engaged, 
committed and productive, leading to better workplace outcomes. 
Here’s how we build a culture of inclusion and foster the 
sense of belonging: 
The Baker Hughes Culture and Inclusion Council is made up of executives who 
regularly review our progress and advance our inclusivity efforts. 
Our diversity, inclusion and belonging Knowledge Center enables us to provide 
our workforce with tools, resources and learning opportunities that raise 
awareness, foster inclusive behaviors and build cross-cultural competencies. 
ERGs and COIs play a big part in building our inclusive culture. These groups bring 
together employees with shared interests or experiences, helping to drive change 
and engage with our communities. 
Culture ambassadors on voluntary basis, promote our culture, values and 
behaviors in their organization. 
Music for inclusion 
Music for inclusion, launched by Multicultural, LatinX and BEN ERGs in occasion 
of Hispanic Heritage Month and UK Black Employee Month, was an event that 
put together Baker Hughes employees for a live concert with 
messages of love, care and hope. Our Baker Hughes employees 
performed 10 songs guided by the Fiesole School of Music experts. 
Music is considered a bridge among cultures as a universal 
language. The event is yet another milestone of our ERGs
 embracing inclusion and diversity. 
Violin: Adel Heredi, saxophone: Antonio La Valle, guitar: Giampaolo Gabbi, all IET 
Eyes on LA2028 
Abby Sams Dimock, is a dedicated advocate for sustainability and an aspiring 
athlete aiming for the LA2028 Paralympic Games. Over her four years at the 
Company, she has actively engaged with the Enabled ERG and Renew COI, shar-
ing her journey with disability and commitment to sustainability. 
Abby embodies Baker Hughes’ values of 
growth, collaboration, leadership and 
care, inspiring others through her story. 
Her journey highlights perseverance 
and purposeful living. 
In 2024, Abby participated in a panel hosted by Enabled ERG to celebrate the 
International Day of Persons with Disabilities, recognizing contributions of 
individuals with disabilities and providing resources to support colleagues with 
disabilities. Diagnosed with Congenital Myopathy as a teenager, Abby uses a 
wheelchair but excels in adaptive sports like wheelchair racing and basketball. 
Inspired by the 2024 Paris Paralympic Games, she is training for Iron Man races 
Meet Abby. 
Abby Sams, 
Sustainability Strategy Analyst, HQ 
and para triathlon events. 
31 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Belonging at Baker Hughes continued 
Inclusion and belonging extends to our 
communities 
Inclusion is more than an internal effort 
Our focus on inclusion extends beyond our internal operations. We actively 
engage with a diverse array of stakeholders, recognizing that these 
collaborations can lead to more effective and sustainable energy solutions 
as well as enhanced trust and loyalty. 
By leveraging the strengths and expertise of a broad network of collaborators 
with shared values as customers, suppliers and local channels, Baker Hughes is 
better positioned to address the complex and evolving needs of the energy 
industry. 
Baker Hughes University promotes energy transition and 
collaboration 
Baker Hughes University, established in 2005, demonstrates our commitment 
to a just transition by partnering with customers and communities to foster 
growth and advance energy initiatives. The university accelerates learning 
by developing customer talents through high-quality training in a multicultural 
environment, focusing on lifelong learning, skills acquisition in energy topic. It 
offers a network for dialogue and knowledge sharing on future energy trends 
and technologies. Since its inception, over 1,650 professionals from more than 
250 companies, primarily from low or middle-low-income regions, have been 
trained, addressing the gap in formal training provided by many energy 
companies. 
The Climate Technology Program, launched in 2022, promotes cross-industry 
collaboration for net-zero progress. More than 130 experts have participated, 
forming a knowledge-sharing network. Each edition covers energy transition 
topics such as geopolitics, policy, business strategy and technology 
development, encouraging debate and networking. The 2024 editions focused 
on sustainable mobility in Florence and 
clean power generation in Houston, 
involving diverse stakeholders like energy 
producers, technology providers, buyers, 
academia and policymakers. 
“We believe that collaboration is the key to accelerating 
progress towards net zero. Our Climate Technology 
University program brings together energy and industry 
leaders within a knowledge-sharing based network 
to foster greater cooperation on developing practical 
solutions to advance the energy transition.” 
Alessandro Bresciani, 
SVP Climate Technology Solutions 
Marwa Ataya,
Project Procurement Manager, IET 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Sustainability and inclusion at the Offshore Technology Conference in Asia 
We leverage technical conferences to showcase our culture and commitment 
on diversity, inclusion and belonging. 
The biennial Offshore Technology Conference Asia is where energy professionals 
meet to exchange ideas and opinions to advance scientific and technical 
knowledge for offshore resources and environmental matters. In 2024, Baker 
Hughes offered a unique experience to customers visiting our technical booth, 
allowing us to also attract those not traditionally interested in our products and 
services. A sustainability tree was placed at the booth, asking visitors to display 
their personal diversity, inclusion or belonging story on a tree. Building on this 
momentum, the team reached the goal to collect 500 pledges at the event and 
reinforced our commitment to sustainability through a beach clean-up in 
Malaysia, where approximately 100 Baker Hughes volunteers joined efforts to 
support our sustainability mission. 
Lorenzo Simonelli, Baker Hughes CEO and Datuk Adif Zulkifli, Executive Vice President
and CEO of Gas and Maritime Business at PETRONAS. 
32 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Belonging at Baker Hughes continued 
Baker Hughes Foundation 
We are dedicated to making a positive impact in the communities where we 
operate around the world. Consistent with our purpose and values, we strive to 
advance environmental quality, educational opportunities, health and wellness. 
We support our communities through financial contributions, in-kind donations of
goods and services and volunteer projects. 
The Baker Hughes Foundation has supported communities and philanthropic 
organizations since its establishment in 1994. Dedicated to advancing 
environmental quality, education, health, safety and wellness, the Foundation 
has contributed over $14 million to non-profits globally since 2020. By making
strategic philanthropic contributions, matching employee donations and 
awarding volunteer recognition grants, the Foundation ensures its broad and 
deep impact. Through these efforts, the Baker Hughes Foundation supports 
immediate community needs and fosters long-term positive change, embodying 
the Company’s core values and dedication to making a meaningful difference in 
the lives of many. 
In 2024 alone, the Baker Hughes Foundation donated $2,426,500, with an 
additional $800,508 allocated for employee-matched contributions. 
The Foundation’s commitment to community service is also evident in its support 
for disaster relief and various charitable initiatives, including those promoted 
by our ERGs and COIs and those related to Earth Day celebrations and climate 
education, as well as contributions to Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Baker Hughes Foundation helps disaster recovery
In 2024, natural disasters were devastating, with extreme weather events such 
as hurricanes, wildfires and floods that caused widespread destruction and
significant loss of life globally. The Baker Hughes Foundation was instrumental
in supporting disaster relief agencies around the world, donating nearly $175,000 
in 2024. 
Brazil faced its worst climate disaster ever, with unprecedented rainfall and 
flooding affecting over 600,000 people. In response, Baker Hughes volunteers
initiated a fundraising campaign, directing the collected funds to Parceiros 
Voluntários, a local non-governmental organization that bought essential 
supplies like water, non-perishable food, mattresses, hygiene kits and other 
necessities for those left without shelter. 
Following Hurricane Beryl in June and the Derecho storm in May, the Baker Hughes 
Foundation donated $75,000 to the Houston Food Bank for critical food and water 
distribution, and another $75,000 given to the American 
Red Cross. Additionally, our headquarters office was
opened to our employees’ families during working 
hours, providing a safe space for them to cool off, 
charge devices and care for one another. 
Flooding in Brazil, May 2024. 
Watch video 
Volunteerism 
Volunteerism is more than just an activity—it is a core part of who we are. It’s 
about putting ‘Care’—one of our core values—into action. Our volunteer activity 
priorities include environment and climate, educational opportunities, health, 
safety and well-being. 
Recognizing volunteerism as an integral part of our culture fosters a sense of 
community and belonging. It not only benefits the communities we serve but also
enhances the morale and satisfaction of our team members. By giving back, we 
build strong relationships with local organizations and support our strategic goals 
of driving social change and addressing some of the world’s toughest challenges. 
In 2024, over 2,000 Baker Hughes employees
volunteered with more than 520 charities globally,
totaling 44,613 hours of volunteer service.
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
World Clean-up Day 2024 
Working together across the world, colleagues collaborated and endeavored to 
make a positive impact on our planet. In support of Environmental Awareness 
Month in October, employees across multiple countries, including India, Algeria, 
Brazil, Italy, Australia and the United States, collaborated with local organizations 
for a company-wide clean-up campaign. Our employees and their families 
participated in the global effort to clean natural habitats and raise awareness 
about waste management. In Florence, the Renew COI organized an event to 
create awareness about circular economy, inviting a non-profit focused on
repair and reuse. 
These activities fostered a sense of community and collective 
responsibility, encouraging our employees and residents 
to adopt sustainable practices in their daily lives. 
Watch video 
33 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Planet 
What’s new for 2024? 
In the following sections, you will learn about actions 
we have taken to advance our strategy and the impactful 
initiatives that demonstrate our progress against our 
planet-centric goals. 
Absolute scope 1 and 2 emissions decreased 
29.3% from our 2019 base year. 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity decreased 
by 39.5% compared to our 2019 base year. 
Life cycle assessments increased by 79%, 
covering 560 products and services. 
Total waste generated was reduced 
13.8% from our 2022 base year. 
We utilized the Integrated Biodiversity 
Assessment Tool to assess 100% of our
 operational sites for biodiversity risks. 
More than 650 employees participated in our 
Carbon Out program, identifying projects and 
initiatives aimed at reducing emissions. 
Massa site, Italy 
Meet Bridget. 
Bridget Todd, 
Enterprise HSE Leader 
As the executive accountable for the planet 
topic of sustainability, I take great pride in 
sharing the progress our team has 
accomplished in 2024. The planet section 
of our sustainability strategy emphasizes 
our dedication to environmental 
stewardship and sustainable practices. 
We are committed to minimizing our 
environmental footprint, promoting energy 
efficiency and advancing technologies 
that support a low-carbon future. This 
section highlights our efforts in areas 
such as emissions reduction, waste and 
spill management, water conservation and 
biodiversity protection. 
34 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our Planet strategy 
Our planet-centered sustainability strategy encompasses a variety of innovative approaches and advanced technologies. 
Through the implementation of operational improvements and emissions reduction efforts, we are committed to lowering 
our environmental impact and promoting a sustainable future. 
Our sustainability strategy is closely tied to our commercial strategy. We are actively working to decrease the 
environmental impacts of our operations while simultaneously expanding our low-carbon solutions offerings to better 
meet our customers’ needs. This brings us closer to attaining our environmental sustainability goals and better serving our 
customers, community and the planet. 
By advancing our sustainability strategy, we are enabling a lower carbon future.
Goals Objectives Strategic outcomes 
what we aim to deliver how we will deliver success how we will track progress 
Pioneer low-carbon energy solutions Enable our partners to thrive in a 
to deliver value for our customers low-carbon world 
Become a net-zero business by 2050 
Champion environmental stewardship and Reduce spills and report them transparently 
minimize our footprint 
Minimize the resources we use 
• Reduce scope 3 emissions by 2033 
• YOY increase R&D funded by external sources 
• BH positioned early and recognized as key 
technology provider 
• Reduce scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions 
by 50% by 2030 
• Complete life cycle assessments (LCAs) for 
the >95% emissions intensive products by 2026 
• Complete proactive strategic policy 
framework for all growth areas 
• Reduce spills at our sites 
• Reduce usage in water-stressed sites by 2030 
• Reduce waste to landfill by 2030
• Assess 100% of sites for biodiversity risk by 
2030 and implement risk management 
programs for high-risk sites 
Figure 3-1: Planet-focused sustainability strategy ensures that our sustainability efforts are effective and aligned with our long-term environmental goals 
and our commercial strategy. 
We ensure accountability by measuring and openly reporting progress on our 
planet-focused initiatives in several key ways: 
GHG emissions: 
We track reductions in scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions, aiming for net-zero operational emissions by 2050, 
with an interim target of a 50% reduction by 2030. 
Energy efficiency and renewable deployment: 
We drive improvements in energy efficiency across our operations, including the adoption of renewable
electricity and energy-saving technologies. 
Leveraging data: 
We track the completion of emissions life cycle assessments, known as FastLCAs, that provide 
a cradle-to-grave GHG profile for our products.
Employee engagement through Carbon Out: 
Our strategy involves engaging with employees and stakeholders to drive emissions reductions across the 
entire value chain. Our Carbon Out champions drive continuous improvements through the implementation 
of emissions savings projects throughout our value chain. 
Environmental footprint: 
We measure the reduction in resource consumption, such as water and raw materials, to minimize 
our environmental impact. 
Waste management: 
We track the reduction and proper disposal of waste, focusing on increasing recycling, 
driving product circularity and reducing landfill use.
Spill management: 
We report and strive to minimize spills to ensure environmental protection and 
compliance with regulations. 
Our commitment to achieving net-zero 
Since 2010, we have been monitoring and voluntarily reporting our GHG emissions to drive change in the energy industry 
toward net-zero emissions. 
We support the Paris Agreement’s objectives and believe the private sector is crucial in limiting global temperature rise 
to 1.5°C. Our net-zero goal aligns with the Paris Agreement and the IPCC’s recommendations. Our scope 3 emissions 
reduction goal is science-based and supported by expert-developed plans executed by our employees. 
Our commitment to emissions reduction helps to mitigate climate risks, enhance our physical and business resilience 
while creating long-term commercial value in our product offering to customers who seek emissions abatement solutions. 
We published our emissions reduction roadmap in 2021 to illustrate the pathways for reducing scope 1 and 2 emissions. 
Our employee-driven Carbon Out program has led the change in operationalizing these pathways. 
35 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Waste types recycled Zero-carbon sources 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
follow our 
Emissions Reduction Journey 
28.3% 
reduction in scope 1 and 2 
CO2e emissions from 
2019 base year 
33.0% 
reduction in scope 1 and 2 
emissions intensity from 
2019 base year 
as reported in 2023 CSR 
continuing our scope 1 and 2 journey 
continuing our scope 3 journey 
Key 
In 2023we enabled our 
customers to measure and reduce 
their impact as they work towards 
their own sustainability goals. 
30% 
electricity from 
zero-carbon 
sources 
61K 
metric tons 
of waste 
recycled 
29.3% 
reduction in scope 1 and 2 
CO2e emissions from 
2019 base year 
39.5% 
reduction in scope 1 and 2 
emissions intensity from 
2019 base year. 
2024saw a pivotal juncture in 
our journey to net zero, accelerating 
progress with our scope 3 roadmap 
in parallel with scope 1 and 2 reduction. 
63K 
metric tons 
of waste 
recycled 
34% 
electricity from 
zero-carbon 
sources 
In 2021we took steps to 
advance our sustainability strategy 
and drive engagement of employees 
in a sustainable culture. 
24% 
electricity from 
zero-carbon 
sources 
125K 
metric tons 
of waste 
recycled 
In 2022we committed to 
reducing scope 3 emissions by 2033, 
resulting in lower carbon solutions that 
help reduce our customers’ footprint. 
26% 
electricity from 
zero-carbon 
sources 
57K 
metric tons 
of waste 
recycled 
Net-zero carbon 
emissions by 2050 
Baker Hughes was among the first 
companies in the industry to commit 
to achieving net-zero scope 1 and 2 
emissions by mid-century. 
50% reduction in 
emissions by 2030 
An interim goal was set at 50% reduction 
in scope 1 and 2 CO2 equivalent 
emissions by 2030. 
Introduction of LCA 
Lifecycle assessments (LCA) on several 
products and services helped reduce 
manufacturing and supplier footprints. 
Scope1CO
2e 
Em
issions:499,168 mt 
Scope
2 
CO
2e:300,026 mt 
799K* 
MT CO2e 
Baker Hughes has been monitoring and reporting our CO2 equivalent 
emissions since 2010, enhancing our sustainability programs and 
commitments year-over-year to drive real change in the energy 
industry and progress towards a net-zero emissions world. 
In 2019we relaunched as an 
energy technology company making 
energy safer, cleaner and more efficient 
for people and the planet. 
57K 
metric tons 
of waste 
recycled 
14% 
electricity from 
zero-carbon 
sources 
Energy “treasure hunts” 
More than 230 energy treasure hunts 
and weekend walkthroughs completed, 
highlighting improvement opportunities. 
Supplier emissions program 
The supplier emissions program was piloted 
ready for launch next year, helping quantify 
emissions across our supply chain. 
Zero-carbon electricity in UK 
UK became the first country to run all sites 
on 100% zero-carbon electricity sources, 
using a mix of wind and nuclear power.
 14.5% 
reduction in scope 1 and 2 
CO2e emissions from 
2019 base year 
In 2020we reset our 
base year to 2019 providing a 
more accurate view of the 
company and its emissions profile. 
214K 
metric tons 
of waste 
recycled 
22% 
electricity from 
zero-carbon 
sources 
All In. Carbon Out. 
Our Carbon Out employee engagement 
program was launched to operationalize 
emissions reductions at scale. 
Scope 1 and 2 strategic levers 
To achieve net-zero scope 1 and 2 emissions 
by 2050, reduction efforts were actively focused 
on 4 strategic levers: operational efficiency, 
facility efficiency, renewable energy and vehicles. 
Renew community launched 
We enabled our sustainability culture via a 
virtual community of employees engaged in 
sustainability, environment and energy transition. 
Supply chain focus 
Supplier surveys helped us understand emissions 
upstream of our operations, and our virtual supplier 
conference facilitated exchange of best practices. 
Sustainability design prize 
Innovators, engineers and technologists 
proposed designs, solutions and processes 
that drove sustainability of operations. 
Baker Hughes @ COP27 
Participation in the UN Climate Change 
Conference fostered dialogue with governments 
and developed partnerships and opportunities. 
FastLCATM launched 
Our proprietary LCA tool enabled quantification 
of Baker Hughes product and service emissions 
enabling customers to define their footprint. 
Tackling fleet emissions 
We delivered 35% emission reduction 
from fleet activities compared to 
our 2019 base year. 
Full scope 3 inventory report 
First reported full scope 3 inventory,
 covering all value chain emissions from 
purchased goods and services to sold products. 
Less landfill by 2030 
Increased focus on asset reuse aligned 
with a new internal commitment 
to reduce waste to landfill by 2030. 
22.8% 
reduction in scope 1 and 2 
CO2e emissions from 
2019 base year 
27.6% 
reduction in scope 1 and 2 
CO2e emissions from 
2019 base year 
Hart Energy ESG award 
The company was recognized for demonstrating 
ESG leadership in goal setting, sustainability 
performance and investment in new solutions. 
Scope 3 strategic levers 
Analysis of emissions across our value chain 
helped identify 4 strategic levers for effectively 
reducing scope 3 emissions: supply chain, 
transport and logistics, waste management, 
and low-carbon products. 
$750M new energy orders 
New energy orders exceeded expectations, 
supporting the company’s strategic commitment 
to providing lower carbon solutions. 
Baker Hughes @ COP28 
Participation as an Associate Pathways 
Partner reflected the company’s commitment 
to building partnerships that drive change. 
AM24 “Energizing Change” 
2024’s Annual Meeting thought leadership 
forum focused on the urgency and necessity of 
transformation across various sectors. 
Accelerating progress 
with our scope 3 roadmap 
With 99.5% of the company’s emissions 
categorized as scope 3, our scope 3 roadmap 
was amplified across the organization with 
focus on strategic levers to maximise impact. 
$1B new energy orders
 Largest new energy order volume to date 
highlighted ongoing commitment to
 transforming the industry. 
Baker Hughes @ COP29
Year 3 representing the energy industry at the
 event underpinned our place among leading 
solutions providers addressing climate change. 
Our Planet strategy continued 
Waste types recycled 
Hazardous 
Non-hazardous 
E-waste 
Metals 
Key 
Zero-carbon sources 
Figures represent total 
zero-carbon electricity 
usage; this is the sum of 
renewable energy and nuclear 
energy - a non-renewable, 
zero-carbon source. 
* Consistent with Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s methodology, our baseline is reassessed annually. 
** Emissions reduction performance percentages for each respective year are as previously disclosed. 
Figure 3-2 Our emissions reduction journey from 2019 through the end of 2024. 
36 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
In 2024, we maintained our focus on driving operational efficiency, enhancing 
facilities’ energy efficiency, renewable energy adoption and fleet electrification. 
As of year end close, we have reduced our scope 1 and 2 emissions by 29.3% 
(figure 3-3) to 564,728 MT CO2e as compared to our base year (2019). Table 3-1 
and figure 3-4 illustrate total scope 1 and 2 emissions (2024) changes compared 
to our base year. 
Scope 1 emissions (table 3-1) which includes fleet, field activities and facilities, 
decreased by 22.6% to 386,367 MT CO2e. 
Scope 2 emissions, which cover purchased electricity, decreased by 40.6% to 
178,361 MT CO2e for market-based and 30.7% reduction to 212,476 MT CO2e for 
location-based emissions (table 3-1). The method we used to calculate 
29.3% 
reduction in scope 1 and 2 
Figure 3-3: Total scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction compared to our 2019 base year. market-based GHG emissions considers emissions from our specific electricity 
sources, in contrast to the location-based method, which utilizes average grid 
emission factors. Refer to Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e 
emissions for our detailed methodology. 
564,728 
799,194
Year
2019 
We also report our emissions intensity, which normalizes our emissions to 2024 
financial performance. In 2024, our revenue increased from $23.8 billion in 2019 to 
0 250,000 500,000 750,000 1,000,000$27.8 billion. Due to aggressive Carbon Out programs, we were able to maintain a 
Greenhouse gas emissions (MT CO2e)39.5% scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity reduction. This represents a reduction from
 Scope 1 Scope 233.5 MT CO2e per million USD revenue in our 2019 base year to 20.3 MT CO2e per 
Michelangelo Bellacci,million USD revenue (figure 3-5). This significant reduction in emissions intensity Figure 3-4: Total scope 1 and 2 emissions for 2024 compared to 2019 base year showing the 29.3% Senior Engineer, Materials Science, IET
demonstrates our effectiveness in driving out emissions from our operations while reduction over five years. 
still maintaining growth in our business. 
Table 3-1: Scope 1 and 2 emissions (MT CO2e) for 2024 compared to 2019 base year. 
33.5 
20.3 
2024 2019 
(Base year) 
MT CO2e 
Change from 
2019 
Percent (%) 
change from 
2019 
Scope 1 386,367 499,168 -112,801 -22.6% 
Scope 2 market-based 178,361 300,026 -121,665 -40.6% 
Scope 2 location-based 212,476 306,757 -94,281 -30.7% 
Total scope 1 and 2, market-based 564,728 799,194 -234,466 -29.3% 
Year
2019 
2024 
0 20 40 
Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (MT CO2e per million USD revenue) 
Figure 3-5: Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity comparison of 2024 to 2019 base year. 
37 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions continued 
Table 3-2: Scope 1 and 2 emissions (MT CO2e) by category for years 2024 compared to 2019 base year.Fleet emissions Facilities emissions 
Our fleet emissions encompasses all of our owned and leased vehicles. In 2024, Our facilities impact both our scopes 1 and 2 emissions. Scope 1 emissions are 
2024 2019 
(Base year) 
MT CO2e 
Change from 
2019 
Percent (%) 
change from 
2019 
Scope 1 fleet 106,056 137,421 -31,365 -22.8% 
Scope 1 field 181,885 197,667 -15,782 -8.0% 
Scope 1 facilities 98,425 164,080 -65,654 -40.0% 
Total 386,367 499,168 -112,801 -22.6% 
Scope 2 facilities 172,933 300,026 -127,093 -42.4% 
Scope 2 home emissions 5,273 0 5,273 100.0% 
Scope 2 fleet 155 0 155 100.0% 
Total 178,361 300,026 -121,665 -40.6% 
we continued to make progress in transitioning our fleet to lower-emission 
hybrid and electric vehicles where possible. This transition supports our 
objective of reducing scope 1 emissions, resulting in a 22.8% reduction in fleet 
emissions compared to our 2019 base year (table 3-2 and figure 3-6). We are 
early in our journey in fleet transition, but continue to make steady progress in 
emissions reduction. 
To improve reporting accuracy, we refined our methodology for calculating 
fleet emissions in 2024. These changes allow us to more accurately estimate 
emissions using actual fuel usage data from vendors. Additionally, we now 
consider five different powertrain options for vehicles: electric, hybrid, plug-in 
produced directly through our manufacturing and operations while scope 2 
emissions are generated by the providers of the electricity we purchase. A main 
driver of how our facilities produce direct emissions is through use of natural gas 
in equipment testing. For example, gas turbines require tests that utilize natural 
gas to validate efficiency and operation of the turbine prior to installation at a 
customer’s site. We also utilize natural gas and other fuels directly, in addition to 
purchased electricity, to power our operations and for heating and cooling. 
In 2024, we achieved a 40.0% reduction in our scope 1 facilities emissions 
compared to our 2019 base year (table 3-2 and figure 3-6). We prioritized 
reducing natural gas consumption at our facilities through numerous 
hybrid, flexible-fuel and internal combustion engines. These updates, along Carbon Out projects. 
with other minor adjustments, have enhanced the accuracy of our data 
(Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions). A significant factor in the reduction of our scope 2 emissions in 2024 was our 
utilization of renewable and zero-carbon energy contracts at our facilities. These 
contracts included certified use of renewables and guarantees of origin. New 
sites were added across the regions of North America, Europe and Asia. Thanks 
Field emissions 
Field emissions include operations and services provided outside of our 
facilities, such as wireline, pressure pumping (PP), marine vessels and our Fleet 
137,421 in large part to this effort, we achieved a 42.4% reduction in scope 2 facilities 
emissions compared to our 2019 base year (table 3-2 and figure 3-7). integrated wellsite solutions. In 2024, our field emissions were 8.0% lower 
compared to our 2019 base year (table 3-2 and figure 3-6). 
106,056 
Operation
Field 
197,667 
181,885
Our recent business growth in field services has presented both a challenge and 
an opportunity. Despite a rise in operational activity, we achieved notable 
reductions in field emissions through Carbon Out. Field activities are shared with 
our customers and represent a clear opportunity for collaboration going forward. 164,080 
Facilities 
98,425 
0 100,000 200,000 300,000 
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions (MT CO2e)
 2019 2024 
Figure 3-6. Scope 1 emissions for 2024 compared to 2019 base year. A decrease is shown in each of the 
three categories. 
2019 
2024
Year
464,106 
271,359 
0 125,000 250,000 375,000 500,000 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (MT CO2e)
 Scope 1 Scope 2 
Figure 3-7. Facility emissions include both scope 1 and 2 emissions. Combined facility emissions have 
decreased by over 40% in five years. 
38 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions continued 
Emissions reduction levers 
To reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions, we employ several key strategies, such as 
enhancing operational efficiency in our manufacturing and field operations, 
improving the energy efficiency of our facilities, increasing the share of 
renewables in our energy mix and transitioning our fleet to electric and 
low-carbon vehicles (figure 3-8). Although we cannot predict with certainty 
the extent to which each lever will be used, figure 3-9 demonstrates the 
anticipated impact of these levers on our progress. 
SCOPE 
1&2 
Operational efficiency 
Reduce emissions from our manufacturing 
LEVER A processes and field operations. 
SCOPE 
1&2 
Facility efficiency 
Reduce emissions from energy 
LEVER B use at our facilities. 
SCOPE 
1&2 
Renewable energy 
Increasing use of renewables 
LEVER C in our electricity mix. 
SCOPE 
1&2 
Fleet 
Increasing electrification and low carbon 
LEVER D fueling in our vehicle and vessel fleet. 
Figure 3-8: Strategic emissions reduction levers for scopes 1 and 2 Carbon Out projects. 
GHG emissions reduction levers
Baseline total 
Operational efficiency 
Facility efficiency 
Renewable energy 
Fleet 
Projected total remaining 
GHG emissions (MT CO2e) 
Scope 1 Scope 2 
Figure 3-9: Key scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction levers for operationalizing net zero by 2050. 
Some of our tools that enable our people to be successful: 
Carbon Out project pipeline: 
Driven by our network of Carbon Out Champions, the pipeline is a pathway 
through which emissions reduction projects are selected and funded. 
Emissions reduction tracking dashboards: 
We visualize our emissions measurements to drive stronger management of 
emissions, identify reduction opportunities and track impacts of our reduction 
efforts. Our scope 1 and 2 tracking dashboards provide our people with critical 
business intelligence required to drive Carbon Out initiatives in high impact areas 
of our operations. 
Modeling tools: 
Our proprietary FastLCA tool allows us to model emissions across the entire 
life cycle for products and services. These LCAs serve as a heat map for high 
impact and actionable changes we can make during the design process to 
reduce emissions. 
Qasem Alabbas, 
Electronic Assembler, IET 
39 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Actions, not offsets, drive real change 
We are committed to leading the energy transition by focusing on tangible, 
impactful actions. Our carbon offset policy is a testament to this commitment. 
Rather than relying on carbon offsets, we prioritize direct reduction of our 
GHG emissions. This means enhancing energy efficiency, integrating renewable 
electricity and implementing innovative solutions across our operations 
rather than relying the use of carbon offsets or virtual Power Purchase 
Agreements (PPAs). 
Our direct action on emissions reduction is not only more sustainable but also 
more responsible. This approach ensures that we are making a real difference in 
the fight against climate change rather than simply balancing out our emissions. 
Read our Carbon Offset Policy. We do provide support for ecosystem projects that 
have a net positive impact on carbon removal through Baker Hughes Foundation, 
but do not use these for carbon credits. 
Zero-carbon energy 
We made significant progress in advancing our zero-carbon energy sources. 
We added 11 new sites that utilize grid-based renewable or zero-carbon 
electricity. In 2024, 88 sites, approximately 12% of our sites globally, used renewable 
or zero-carbon electricity from the grid. As a result, the proportion of zero-carbon 
electricity usage in total energy consumption at our sites rose to 34.2% from 13.5% 
from our 2019 base year (figure 3-10). Additionally, we increased our deployment 
of on-site solar energy production to 15 sites, an increase of four sites compared 
to 2023. The total usage of renewable and nuclear power increased by 89,734 MT 
CO2e compared to our 2019 base year (figure 3-11). 
Our strategic deployment of Renewable Energy Credits (RECs), Renewable Energy 
Guarantees of Origins, Zero-Emissions Certificates and Environmental Attribute 
Certificates from local electricity markets or PPAs enabled these advancements. 
We have demonstrated notable progress in our transition to renewable energy, 
201920232024 
34.2% 
13.5% 
29.8% 
Renewable and zero-carbon 
electricity 2019 
Renewable and zero-carbon 
electricity 2023 
Renewable and zero-carbon 
electricity 2024
 Carbon emitting electricity 
Figure 3-10: Percent of renewable and zero-carbon electricity as a portion of total electricity consumed 
by Baker Hughes over a five-year period. The percent of renewable and zero-carbon electricity has 
more than doubled in that time. 
Nuclear energy plays a key role in our low-carbon future 
Nuclear energy is crucial for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and promoting a 
low-carbon future. We support expanding traditional nuclear power and utilization 
of small modular reactors. Government policies should recognize nuclear energy’s 
zero-emission benefits and support safe operations, community involvement and 
efficient waste management. Nuclear energy can also produce low-carbon 
hydrogen, helping reduce emissions in sectors like steel, cement and chemicals. 
We are committed to innovation and safety, offering products and services to 
ensure reliable nuclear power plant and small modular reactor operations. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: Panametrics and Reuter-Stokes secured major 
nuclear monitoring deals: 
2019 
2023 
2024 
Year 
0 50,000 100,000 150,000 200,000 250,000 
Zero-carbon energy (MWh)
 Renewable electricity Nuclear 
Figure 3-11: Use of renewable and nuclear energy usage over a five-year period. The amount of 
renewables has increased steadily, while nuclear deployment decreased slightly in 2024 from 2023. 
Table 3-3: Energy (MWh) breakdown by category and year. 
2024 2023 2019 
Renewable electricity 185,078 164,597 104,307 
Non-renewable electricity excluding nuclear 372,932 410,961 670,716 
Nuclear9 8,963 9,606 N/a 
Total electricity (MWh)10 566,973 585,16511 775,023 
Diesel/distillate 939,847 915,946 1,043,151 
Natural gas 431,608 449,520 744,141 
Gasoline/petrol 273,807 261,206 390,241 
Propane 4,998 5,769 2,129 
Other fuels11 719 1,266 0 
Total fuels 1,650,979 1,633,70611 2,179,66111 
Purchased heating 1,103 0 405 
Purchased cooling 339 118 98 
Purchased steam 17,234 8,713 7,134 
Total purchased heating, cooling and steam 10 18,676 8,831 7,6383 
Total energy 2,236,628 2,227,702 2,969,322 
104,307 
174,203 
194,041 
with prime examples being our facilities in The Woodlands, Texas and Broussard, 
Louisiana, which have both shifted 100% of their electricity consumption to 
locally sourced renewable energy guarantees of origin. Furthermore, we have 
continued to advance our agreement with Cleantech in Thailand, where on-site 
solar panels generate roughly 18% of the site’s average annual electricity. 
Alongside the executed PPAs, we have also entered into agreements with power 
producers in various regions worldwide, including North America, Latin America, 
Europe, the Middle East and Asia, to supply renewable energy to our sites 
beginning in 2025. 
9 Electricity from nuclear sources is a subset of non-renewable electricity that produces zero-carbon emissions. 
10 Due to rounding of displayed values, the total value shown for total electricity in 2023, total fuels in 2019 and 2023, 
and total purchased heating, cooling and steam in 2019 are off +/- 1 MWh. 
11 Other fuels include ethanol, kerosene and residual fuel oil. 
40 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
Panametrics won major nuclear monitoring deal in Romania 
In 2024, Panametrics secured a major order in Romania to provide advanced 
measurement and monitoring solutions for the country’s nuclear facilities. This 
deal supports Romania’s efforts to modernize its nuclear infrastructure, which 
provides approximately 20% of the country’s power. Panametrics’ Optica and 
OptiSonde analyzers are used to maintain low radiation fields, detect leaks and 
prevent corrosion. Panametrics’ solutions provide precise measurements for early 
moisture detection, enabling quick interventions that improve safety and quality. 
Reuter-Stokes won our largest nuclear instrumentation order to date as Japan 
continues its nuclear restart 
In 2024, Reuter-Stokes won a $5.6 million order with a Japanese customer in the 
nuclear industry. As Japan continues its nuclear restart, Reuter-Stokes will supply 
essential monitoring equipment, including Local Power Range Monitors, Source 
Range Monitors and Intermediate Range Monitors. These advanced solutions will 
measure reactor neutron flux during full power operations and provide vital safety 
inputs to the reactor control system. 
Note: The 2023 emissions are presented as previously reported for the year ended December 31, 2023, and have 
not been recalculated to be consistent with the 2024 and 2019 base year presentation in Appendix B: 
Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics.

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Scope 3 emissions 
We understand the critical importance of addressing scope 3 emissions as 
part of our sustainability efforts. By developing a roadmap for reducing scope 3 
emissions, we are concentrating on indirect emissions within our value chain 
to significantly influence our overall GHG reductions. Our roadmap identifies 
strategic levers for accelerating reductions across all categories (figure 3-12). 
By fostering an excellence-focused ecosystem, we create processes and tools 
that enable accurate accounting and reduction of GHG emissions across the 
entire value chain. 
Scope 3 emissions 
Our products’ emissions, categorized as scope 3 category 11 of the GHG Protocol 
(use of sold product), represent the scope 1 and 2 emissions of our customers. 
This classification is part of a global standard that underscores the interconnected 
nature of emissions across the value chain. This reduction is crucial to our 
overarching strategy of becoming a leading low-carbon technology provider. 
Our commitment to emissions reduction across our value chain, combined with 
our broader sustainability strategy, is designed to drive significant progress in the 
deployment of new energy technologies and emissions-advantaged services. 
As illustrated in figure 3-13, the majority of our emissions are from the use of our 
products by customers. Category 11 makes up 97.63% of the total value chain 
emissions, with category 1 (supply chain) comprising 1.96% of scope 3 emissions. 
By comparison, scopes 1 and 2 make up less than 1% of our total emissions. 
SCOPE 
3 
Supply chain 
Reducing upstream emissions from 
supply chain and sourcing activity. 
LEVER A 1 2 3 
SCOPE 
3 
Transport and logistics 
Reducing emissions from commuting, 
travel and haulage. 
LEVER B 4 6 7 9 
SCOPE 
3 
Third party managed waste 
Reducing emissions from third party 
disposal and treatment of waste. 
LEVER C 5
SCOPE 
3 
Low-carbon products 
Reducing downstream emissions from 
use of our products and services. 
LEVER D 15 11 
Figure 3-12: Strategic levers to reduce scope 3 emissions 
through our Carbon Out program. 
0.037% 
Category 11
 Category 1
 Other categories 
0.027% 
0.020% 
0.040% 
0.064% 
0.105% 
0.046% 
0.074% 
Category 11
97.63% 
Category 1
1.96% 
Other categories
0.41% 
Category 2  Category 3  Category 4 Category 5
 Category 6 Category 7  Category 9  Category 15 
Figure 3-13: Total scope 3 emissions breakdown by category for 2024. The expanded view shows the 
other categories that represent less than one percent of Scope 3 emissions. 
Categories 1 and 11 make up the overwhelming majority of our overall scope 3 emissions and are our primary 
targets for reductions. The remaining eight categories are still areas of interest and we are working across our 
supply chain to drive meaningful change. 
Due to rounding of displayed values, total percentage does not equal 100%. Capital goods account for 
0.046%, Fuel- and energy-related activities (not included in scope 1 or scope 2) accounts for 0.037%, upstream 
transportation and distribution accounts for 0.105%, waste generated in operations accounts for 0.027%, 
business travel accounts for 0.020%, employee commuting accounts for 0.040%, transportation and distribution 
accounts for 0.065% and investments account for 0.074% 
41 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Scope 3 emissions continued 
Table 3-4: Scope 3 emissions (MT CO2e) shown by category for 2024 compared to base year 2019. Explanation for the changes are outlined by category and show mixed 
results. Overall, total scope 3 emissions have increased due increased sales of our higher power gas turbines and electric motors, which are captured in category 11. 
Trends in 2024 
Supply chain and procurement: 
Scope 3 Category 2024 2019 (Base year) Percent (%) Key influences and driving factors for scope 3 results by category 
1 Purchased goods 
and services 7,346,257 5,535,931 +32.7 
Increased business activity for our subsea production systems and gas technology products drove 
an increase of our category 1 emissions since our base year. This was driven by business demand for 
manufacturing components, supplies and accessories; however, our business still had an overall decrease 
in emissions related to structure and building components. 
2 Capital goods 172,789 106,850 +61.7% To exceed the expectations that our customers have for us, there was an increase in spend on product and 
facility enhancements, which resulted in an increase of our category 2 emissions from the base year. 
3 
Fuel- and energy-
related activities 
(not included in scope 1 
or scope 2) 
139,608 185,620 -24.8% 
A notable reduction in emissions has been achieved through several key initiatives. These include natural 
gas reductions at multiple sites, a significant decrease in flaring and a slight increase in natural gas usage 
due to cogeneration. The overall reduction was also driven by changes in estimation methodology and 
reduced electricity purchases. 
4 
Upstream 
transportation and 
distribution 
392,524 676,589 -42.0% 
Our supply chain professionals continue to utilize an emissions saving calculator to seek ways of 
continuing to drive excellence for our customers in a sustainable, cost-effective way. Due to these 
optimizations in our logistics, we have significantly reduced the usage of air freight, a highly emissive 
mode of transportation. 
5 Waste generated in 
operations 102,502 156,048 -34.3% 
Our waste management initiatives aimed at lowering our contributions to landfills have led to increases in 
recycled or reused waste and thus is lowering our emissions for category 5. 
Read more in our Waste management and circular economy section. 
6 Business travel 76,580 100,588 -23.9% We continued to implement our sustainable business travel policy that resulted in lower business travel 
emissions in 2024 compared to our base year. 
7 Employee 
commuting 150,290 186,559 -19.4% 
As our headcount and average commuting distances stayed consistent year over year, we continued our 
success of keeping our emissions lower than the base year. This data, gathered from an employee survey, 
reflects our ongoing efforts to maintain sustainable commuting practices. 
9 Transportation and 
distribution 241,846 481,799 -49.8% 
Due to changes in International Commercial Terms, more freight was paid for by Baker Hughes. This shift 
reduces emissions under category 9 and are now accounted for in category 4, where there was still a 
decrease in emission from our base year. 
11 Use of sold products 366,523,904 268,373,101 +36.6% The increase in sales and changes in the sold product mix led to an emissions increase of 36.6% from 
our 2019 base year. 
15 Investments 276,357 126,032 +119.3% 
Emissions related to companies that Baker Hughes has invested in have increased since the 2019 base 
year, primarily due to activity and revenue increases within these businesses. Revenue from other 
investments or those since divested also impacted the overall emissions. 
Total reported scope 3 emissions 375,422,658 275,929,118 +36.1% 
Purchased goods and services (category 1) and capital goods (category 2) 
emissions increased by 33.3% compared to our base year. This increase is 
due to a combination of factors including increased business activity and 
enhancements made to our calculation methodologies, which can be found 
in Appendix B: Statements and notes on GHG CO2e emissions. 
Transport and logistics: 
Emissions related to our freight (category 4 and 9), business travel (category 6) 
and commuting (category 7) have decreased by 40.4% compared to our base 
year. Our employees and supply chain experts have driven success in reducing 
these emissions by optimizing cost-effective and sustainable modes of 
transportation while continuing to deliver on-time results for our customers. 
Third party managed waste: 
Our waste management experts collaborated in cross-business groups to 
improve our waste tracking and work to increase our proportions of recycled 
or reused waste. This has led to a reduction in our category 5 emissions by 
34.3%. Read more in our section on how we are improving tracking and 
sustainable waste practices. 
Low-carbon products: 
We have had considerable growth in our sales of highly efficient gas turbines 
and electric motors compared to our base year. This year, our sales mix 
shifted away from our high power and most emissive products. Regardless, our 
category 11 emissions from use of sold products increased by 36.6% compared to 
our base year. We will continue to develop and deliver world-class, low-carbon 
products to our customers. 
Investments: 
Emissions related to investments (category 15) have increased by 119.3% 
compared to our 2019 base year. This is largely attributed to increased 
revenue in these businesses as they begin to scale operations. 
42 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Scope 3 emissions continued 
Measuring emissions intensity for sustainable 
economic growth 
We prioritize measuring economic intensity emissions to ensure sustainable 
growth and environmental responsibility. By reporting emissions intensity, we 
effectively track environmental impact while supporting sustainable business 
growth and innovation. Compared to our 2019 base year, there was an increase 
in our scope 3 emissions intensity of 16.5% (figure 3-14). This was largely driven by 
increased demand for our highly efficient gas turbines and electric motors. 
The increase in revenue highlights the strong market demand for IET’s Gas 
Technology Equipment, demonstrating the Company’s strategic focus on 
innovative energy solutions that ultimately displaced higher emissions equipment, 
thus advancing the energy transition to a lower carbon state for many customers. 
Here’s why this approach is essential: 
Adaptability: 
Flexibility allows us to grow while still reducing our emissions and those of our 
customers in a carbon-constrained world. 
Economic growth: 
By focusing on emissions per unit of output, we can expand our operations without 
increasing our total emissions. This balance between environmental responsibility 
and economic development is essential for industries experiencing growth. 
Benchmarking and comparison: 
Emissions intensity provides a clear benchmark for comparing performance 
across different sectors and companies. This helps differentiate us as leaders in 
sustainability. 
Regulatory compliance: 
Measuring emissions intensity helps us align with regulatory requirements and 
market demands, ensuring we stay ahead of evolving environmental regulations 
and policies. 
Stakeholder confidence: 
Reporting emissions intensity enhances our reputation and builds confidence 
among stakeholders, including investors, customers and regulators. 
Year
2019 
2024 
11,575 
13,490 
5,000 10,0000 15,000 
GHG emissions intensity (MT CO2e per million USD revenue) 
Figure 3-14: Scope 3 -Category 11 emissions intensity for 2024 compared to 2019 base year. 
Our products help reduce our customers’ 
emissions 
Our greatest contributor to scope 3 emissions is our category 11 emissions. 
In 2024, category 11 emissions made up 97.6% of all scope 3 emissions. Since 
the majority of our emissions fall into category 11, there is a strong link between 
our product volume, mix, market conditions and overall emissions. Since 2019, 
there has been a shift in our orders to more powerful gas turbines and electric 
motors. While our gas turbines and electric motors are highly efficient, higher 
power units produced more emissions per dollar spent for our customers, 
which led to an increase in emissions intensity. We are actively exploring 
technological advancements to enhance the 
efficiency of our products, aiming to reduce 
their emissions throughout their long lifespans 
and, consequently, lower their impact on our 
total scope 3 emissions. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Sustainable product development 
Sustainable product development is key to reducing emissions for our customers. 
To achieve this, we have integrated FastLCAs into the product development 
management process within the OFSE business segment. Within IET, the use 
of an emission intensity screening tool during the design-to-inquiry and 
inquiry-to-order phases demonstrates a commitment to reducing emissions 
from the outset. This deliberate approach has taken several years to mature, 
ensuring that the new processes are seamlessly integrated with existing ones. 
Additionally, the business has incorporated emissions impact analysis as an 
embedded step in the long-range planning process, reflecting a proactive stance 
toward sustainability. By making emissions considerations a fundamental part 
of business planning, the organization ensures that environmental 
impacts are evaluated and addressed early in the decision-
making process. This approach not only aligns with global 
sustainability goals but also enhances the Company’s reputation 
as a responsible corporate citizen, while we work to reduce risks 
and mitigate the impacts of climate change. 
43 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Scope 3 emissions continued 
Leveraging FastLCA to provide emissions insights 
to our customers 
We are committed to providing accurate and verifiable FastLCAs for our products 
and services to guide our customers on their emission reduction journeys. To fulfill 
this mission, we created FastLCA, our proprietary International Organization for 
Standardization (ISO) 14040/44 and ISO 14067:2018 certified LCA tool. 
Through the use of FastLCA, we are able to quickly and effectively provide insights 
into the emissions through all life stages for our products and services. We are also 
able to offer FastLCA as a service to our customers to further drive a culture of 
sustainability in the energy and industrial sector. Our FastLCAs are internally 
peer-reviewed and verified by our Emissions and Climate Analytics Center of 
Excellence and subject matter experts throughout the business segments. We 
are leveraging this tool to give our customers the data and guidance they need 
to lower their own carbon footprints, make informed decisions and help drive 
sustainability throughout their organizations. 
To achieve this result, we have driven widespread adoption of the FastLCA tool 
throughout our organization to ensure that LCAs are being completed for the 
products and services most valuable to customers. In 2024, we completed 
560 FastLCAs, a 78.9% increase year over year (figure 3-15). In alignment with this, 
we created strategic outcomes to have completed FastLCAs for the products 
and services that account for the top 95% of all emissions by the end of 2026. The 
working groups for this strategic outcome have identified all products and services 
required to achieve this objective and many of the FastLCAs are completed or are 
currently underway. 
Year 
2022 
2023 
2024 
43 
313 
560 
150 300 450 600 
Number of life cycle assessments (FastLCA) 
Figure 3-15: The number of FastLCAs completed over the performance years 2022 to 2024. Significant 
progress was made in 2024 that resulted in an increase in completed LCAs by 78.9% from 2023. 
Customer collaborations utilizing FastLCA 
In early 2024, we partnered with BHP Woodside to deliver FastLCAs for a number 
of different products and services they offer. The LCAs were performed in our 
OFSE business for products and services within: Completions and Well Intervention, 
Pressure Pumping, Wireline Services, Drill Bits, Drilling and Completion Fluids and 
Subsea Projects and Services. These FastLCAs will serve as a guide for our 
customers to better understand the carbon footprints for various products and 
services. This is just one example of how we are leveraging FastLCA to provide 
emissions insights into our and our customers’ emissions. 
In 2024, we engaged in an emissions workshop with TotalEnergies to deliberate 
on fluid and cementing emissions in Iraq and Namibia. The event was also 
attended by three of our suppliers and two customers, who joined to discuss 
emissions outcomes for benchmarking purposes. Such collaborative workshops 
are vital for ensuring consistent measurement throughout the supply chain, aiding 
the industry’s journey towards a low-carbon future. 
“LCAs are crucial for our understanding to enable 
the reduction of emissions across all stages of 
a product’s life, allowing informed decisions 
and fostering sustainability. By developing 
and applying tools like FastLCA, we can 
provide accurate, verifiable insights that drive 
emission reduction and promote a culture of 
sustainability.” 
Holger Stibbe, 
Science and Technology Director 
Avoided and removed emissions 
Avoided and removed emissions are emissions from products and services 
that can either be avoided through equipment upgrades, equipment 
servicing,improved efficiency or removed through technologies such as DAC. 
A quantification method for avoided and removed emissions is not reflected in 
the GHG Protocol. This drives the need for a methodology to account for avoided 
and removed emissions. 
Our avoided and removed emissions methodology is enabled by comparative 
LCAs to calculate emission differences. We have aligned our avoided and 
removed emissions methodology to the World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development guidance on avoided emissions. The methodology details the 
selection criteria for the baseline to compare with an upgrade or new solution 
for appropriateness and consistency. Further, sensitivity assessments and peer 
reviews enable the accounting methodology by producing repeatable, auditable 
and verifiable data. 
Improving our ability to avoid and remove emissions is critical for advancing 
emissions reduction and the energy transition more broadly. We have already 
begun projects to reach these goals, one of which is described below in our Gas 
Technology Services upgrades. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Gas Technology Services upgrades to avoid customer emissions 
At the request of our customer, we performed upgrades on six existing steam 
turbines and centrifugal compressors to increase overall production efficiency in 
line with modern designs. One of the key targets of the upgrade was to follow the 
principles of a circular economy by limiting the number of replaced components 
to be produced. The revamping was therefore limited to changes to the internal 
components of the steam turbines and compressors. These upgrades included 
new rotors with more aerodynamically efficient blades and a new design for the 
rotor components of the centrifugal compressors. 
To confirm the environmental benefits of this upgrade, a comparative LCA was 
conducted utilizing our internal FastLCA tool. The comparison looked at the 
original site working conditions as the baseline against the final performance 
of the upgraded plant. The results showed an impressive savings of 
approximately 18% of steam due to the improved efficiency. 
44 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
0

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
All in. Carbon Out. 
Carbon Out empowers employees to champion 
sustainability and cut GHG emissions globally.
Carbon Out is our global employee engagement 
program launched in 2022 to empower 
employees to operate sustainably and provide 
sustainable solutions. Our passionate team, 
equipped with deep domain knowledge and technical proficiency across various 
energy sectors, finds innovative ways of reducing both operational and value chain 
emissions. Carbon Out connects our people with tools, funding and resources so 
they can champion emission reduction in all aspects of our business. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: Carbon Out projects
Hydropower eliminates 4,500 MWh of grid electricity use 
To meet electricity needs, two sites in Norway have transitioned from using grid 
power to hydropower energy. Hydropower is a renewable energy source that 
generates electricity by harnessing the energy of flowing water without producing
GHG emissions. This sustainable energy source not only provides a steady and 
reliable energy supply but also minimizes environmental impact compared to 
fossil fuels. 
Previously, these sites required approximately 4,500 MWh supplied by grid 
electricity. This change resulted in 100% of the electricity supplied in 2024 from 
hydropower and zero emissions. 
Enhancing supply chain emissions reporting through the Baker Hughes 
Supplier Emissions Platform
We believe in sharing our progress with our stakeholders in a clear, easy-to-
understand way and thus see real value in disclosing environmental metrics in 
a standardized way; however, we have decided to cease our CDP submissions
effective as of the 2024 reporting period for our 2023 performance year. While we 
still support the mission of CDP, we will no longer submit information for evaluation 
and grading. As a supplier, we remain committed to our customers and suppliers 
and will continue to provide important environmental data upon request. We 
have included some CDP data in Appendix A. 
We understand that regulatory and market pressure are increasing and 
proactively managing scope 3 emissions helps us comply with emerging 
regulations and meeting investor expectations. Our stakeholders, including 
customer and employees, expect us to demonstrate our commitment to 
environmental responsibility. The generation of projects and ideas is 
employee-driven and funded by our business. 
200+ 50+
Project owners leading Countries with 
sustainability initiatives projects initiated 
650+ 590+
People engaged in our Projects in our 
Carbon Out network implementation pipeline 
Key Carbon Out projects developed and driven by our
employees to target scope 3 emissions reductions
• Employee remote training via augmented reality
Carbon Out week spark over 100 energy efficiency opportunities 
For the last four years we have run energy efficiency and Carbon Out employee
engagement weeks across our Completions and Well Interventions (CWI) 
manufacturing sites. Across our sites, employees were walked through our goals 
and how they can contribute to our emission reduction journey. The teams were 
then encouraged to go on a Gemba walk — or energy treasure hunt — and log 
ideas and opportunities for improvement. This year there were over 100 
opportunities identified, keeping the project backlog populated and setting the
teams up for success in 
2025. Each day had a differ-
ent focus, such as lighting, 
heating ventilation and air 
conditioning and shut down 
procedures, to help the 
teams focus on target areas 
of opportunity. One project 
was from a family poster 
contest where employees 
are encouraged to take the 
ideas they learn home and to 
make sustainability personal 
and share with their families 
outside of work. 
Carbon Out family poster contest entry 
In 2024, we collaboratively developed a hybrid methodology Supply Engagement 
software platform, which enabled us to digitize, manage, streamline and 
standardize emissions calculations. Our platform was designed to improve 
data fidelity by ensuring end-to-end data traceability and supports reporting
and analysis. 
Cutting emissions, innovating routes 
We are keeping sustainability top of mind by identifying emissions reduction 
opportunities to enable our logistics strategy. This involves working on a pool of 
projects identified with internal customers and suppliers and collaborating across
the global organization of sourcing and procurement leaders. 
The logistics team continues to use shipment consolidation as one of the main 
levers, avoiding emissions in 2024 through this process. Additionally, the 
Amsterdam-Livorno rail route has been identified and applied for a pilot project
showing strong emissions reduction compared to ground transportation. 
Another pilot project highlighted tremendous 
emissions reduction by shipping gas genera-
tors by ocean instead of air. 
These initiatives demonstrate our commitment 
to sustainability and its proactive approach to 
reducing emissions in logistics. 
• Shipment consolidation to reduce diesel usage
• Installation of electric vehicle charging points
• Shipping crate recycling
• Installation of new digital meters for water usage monitoring
• Usage of reusable containers with customers
• Transferring disposal waste to incineration with energy recovery
Shutting the door on wasted energy 
In July 2024, the Saudi CWI engineering team automated the doors in all 
workshop areas by installing metal sensors. The sensors trigger doors to open 
automatically when a forklift or trolley enters the ground range of the sensors 
and the doors close automatically one minute after the forklift or trolley 
leaves the range. This helps maintain the working environment, reduced over 
70% of CO2 emissions and achieved an annual cost savings of approximately 
$192,000. 
45 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
We design our 
operations to protect
 Minimizing our environmental footprint 
We are committed to minimizing the environmental impact across our facilities, 
through the services we provide at our customer sites and in the communities 
where we operate. Our robust environmental policies and programs, which are 
part of our larger HSE Management System, provide a framework for continuous 
improvement that is built on stringent standards that we set for ourselves, meeting 
or exceeding global regulatory requirements. 
Clean water 
Our environmental management system, policies and procedures are aligned to
Clean air ISO 14001: 2015. Our management system is embedded in our business processes, 
supporting risk assessments, global procedures, training, reporting,Clean soil 
assurance and control measures to reduce potential for environmental impacts. 
As a company, we are Our Renew COI keeps sustainability top of mindcommitted to 
Protecting habitats The mission of our Renew COI is to create and cultivate a volunteer community 
that provides resources through interactive engagement and encourages
Protecting wildlife passionate employees to drive sustainability in their lives and work. 
Producing less waste 
Renew is a global network for Baker Hughes employees to share information
Increasing recycling and reuse and ideas on sustainable living and working practices. It offers opportunities to 
participate in sustainability-focused philanthropy and volunteerism at Baker 
Hughes, which also helps our employees operate more sustainably. Members 
can learn best practices by engaging with like-minded colleagues who are 
passionate about promoting sustainability. 
In 2024 the Renew COI expanded the scope of environmental topic-specific 
working groups by forming a waste reduction and circularity community of 
practice, as well as a biodiversity community of practice. 
These new communities engage our employees globally to have impactful 
conversations that drive change on a local level. Waste scavenger hunts and 
biodiversity community awareness events like BioBlitz are just some of the 
initiatives that put sustainability top of mind. Walking the sites and surrounding 
communities gives perspective on our potential environmental impact and how 
we can leverage best practices from our global community to reduce and 
mitigate those impacts. 
Tomball, TX 
Renew helps us share, learn and engage to drive 
sustainable change 
How we share 
• Provide a forum for the exchange of information and ideas on how 
to participate in and contribute to a more sustainable future. 
• Encourage the sharing of best practices for sustainable living at work 
and home. 
How we learn 
• Enhance knowledge in sustainability and the energy transition by providing 
internal and external tools and resources. 
• Develop a greater understanding of these concepts and their current and 
future impact on the Company and the world. 
• Teach participants how to become leaders in the energy transition. 
How we engage 
• Offer opportunities for employees to participate in volunteer and philanthropic 
events related to sustainability and energy transition. 
• Connect employees with organizations whose mission aligns with Baker 
Hughes and our energy transition goals. 
More than 1,200 Renew members across Baker Hughes 
share a common desire to keep sustainability at top 
of mind, acting as catalysts for positive environmental 
and social impact. 
46 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Minimizing our environmental footprint continued 
Waste management and circular economy Circularity through design for sustainability 
In 2024, we prioritized waste reduction by designing products with circularity 
HazardousEffective waste management is essential for sustainability. We aim to apply in mind, minimizing waste, increasing recycling, decreasing landfill usage, 
113,947 
55,251 
circular economy principles in our business by reducing materials and energy repairing end-of-life assets and repurposing waste materials as feedstock for 
use, cutting waste and boosting recycling. We have a formal waste management other sectors. Leveraging our additive manufacturing capabilities and 
procedure to identify, track and minimize waste and increase recycling and reuse. engineering expertise, we developed customized solutions to enhance equip-
Our teams work to find ways to reduce waste and partner with disposal vendors ment efficiency and reliability, optimize product design, consolidate systems and 
Waste type
Non-hazardous 
53,054 
74,870 
15for sustainable methods.  perform model simulations. E-waste 
8 
In 2024, we achieved a 13.8% reduction in the total volume of waste generated 
 The use of additive manufacturing can impact material use up 0 100,000 200,000 
across our organization from 224,108 MT in our 2022 base year to 193,158 MT (figure by decreasing material usage by up to 42%, while reducing also Waste disposed (MT) 
3-16-A and table 3-5). We also reduced the volume of hazardous waste generated 2022 2024scope 1 and scope 2 emissions.
at our sites, dropping by 51.5% with a moderate increase in the volume of 
Figure 3-17: Total waste disposed by category for 2024 compared to base year 2022. Overall total waste 
non-hazardous waste and metals raising by 37.2% and 14.1% respectively has decreased due to increased recycling efforts.
compared to our waste base year 2022 (figure 3-16-B and table 3-5). 
Table 3-5: Total waste generated (MT) for 2024 compared to our 2022 base year. 
25.5%224,108 20222022 
Generated Disposed Recycled 
2024 2022 2024 2022 2024 2022 
Hazardous waste 58,938.5 121,574.1 55,250.7 113,947.4 3,687.9 7,626.7 
Non-hazardous 
waste 103,252.2 75,280.7 74,870.0 53,053.7 28,382.2 22,227.0 
E-waste 89.3 186.8 7.9 15.3 81.5 171.6 
Metal waste 30,878.4 27,066.4 0.0 0.0 30,878.4 27,066.4 
Total 193,158.4 224,108.1 130,128.5 167,016.4 63,029.9 57,091.7 
Year
Year 32.6%193,158 20242024 
0 150,000 300,000 0% 20 40 
Waste generated (MT) Waste recycled (MT)
 Hazardous Non-hazardous E-waste  Metals Figure 3-18: The percent of waste recycled from Baker Hughes operations for 2024 compared to 2022 base 
Figure 3-16-A: Total waste generated at Baker Hughes sites for 2024 compared to 2022 base year. year. Recycled waste content has increased by 27.8% relative to our 2022 base year. 
Total waste has decreased by 13.8% points. 
7,627 
3,688 
22,227 
28,382 
172 
81 
27,066 
30,878 
121,574 
58,939 
Hazardous Hazardous 
The amount of disposed waste decreased in line with the reduction in waste 
generated and the increases in recycling. Overall, the total amount of waste 
disposed decreased by 36,888 MT and 22.1% compared to our 2022 base year 
(table 3-5 and figure 3-17). 
75,281 
103,252 
Non-hazardous Non-hazardous 
E-waste
Waste type
Waste type
187 
E-waste 
89We improved on the volume of waste that we recycled. In total, the volume of 
waste recycled increased by 5,938 MT (table 3-5), against the backdrop of 27,066 
decreases in the total waste generated. After normalizing the data, we see that 
the proportion of waste recycled has increased to 32.6% compared to 25.5% of 
Metals 
30,878 
Metal 
our 2022 base year (figure 3-18 and figure 3-19). 0 75,000 150,000 0 15,000 30,000 
Waste generated (MT) Waste recycled (MT) 
We review and verify our waste management vendors for disposal, recycling and 2022 2024 2022 2024 
treatment to ensure these vendors comply with our strict waste management Figure 3-16-B: The type of waste generated at Baker Hughes sites for 2024 compared to 2022. A Figure 3-19: Total volume of non-hazardous and metal waste recycled increased in 2024. 
requirements. Our sites continued to follow our formal procedure for waste deliberate shift has occurred with waste shifted from hazardous waste toward more non-hazardous waste. 
management and minimization, which requires that all waste types be identified 
and tracked. We provide guidance to promote efforts to minimize waste volumes 
and increase the recycling and reuse of materials at each facility. 
47 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Minimizing our environmental footprint continued 
Water stewardship Risk identification and mitigation 
2022 
2,687 
3,218The enterprise HSE team monitors water quality standards and equips site 
Responsible water stewardship and the protection of water-stressed areas can teams with tools to handle risks, improve water management and enhance 
Year2024 
help to mitigate the adverse effects of climate change. As an organization, we conservation. Our global water quality protection procedure sets minimum 
0 2,000are committed to conserving and protecting natural resources throughout the 4,000standards for all sites and operations worldwide, regardless of risk profile. Sites 
Water withdrawn from all areas (ML)water cycle and effectively managing our water withdrawal, consumption and with high or extremely high water risk are required to complete an additional 
Consumption Dischargedischarge in water-stressed locations and elsewhere. Many of our operations assessment to evaluate their activities where water is used and identify 
require fresh water withdrawal and consumption. Due to the nature of our overall options for conservation, improved efficiency and risk mitigation. In 2024, 17 water Figure 3-20: Megaliters of water withdrawn at all sites for performance year 2024 compared to our 2022 
operations, these uses of water do not significantly impact water availability conservation and management assessments were completed. Additionally in base year. 
in the regions where we operate. To achieve our objective of minimizing the 2024, working groups targeting the highest contributors to water-stressed sites 
resources we use, we have committed to reducing our usage of water in our were formed, with analysis into current practices at the sites, what areas need 
water-stressed sites by 2030. to be updated and focused on, as well as creating plans for executing increased 
416 
4322022
Year
management and measurement of water consumption at all identified 
In 2024, our total water withdrawal decreased by 16.5% to 2,687.5 Megaliters (ML) water-stressed sites. 2024 
from 3,217.6 ML in our 2022 base year. Our total water discharge was down 17.5% 
0 300 600
to 2,190.7 ML in 2024 from 2,653.8 ML in our 2022 base year (table 3-6-A and figure Table 3-6-A: Amount of water used from all areas (ML) for 2024 compared to base year 2022 Water withdrawn from all areas (ML) with water stress sites
3-20). The decreases in our overall water withdrawal can largely be attributed 3-6-B: Amount of water used in all areas with water stress (ML) for 2024.  Surface Ground Municipal Sea 
to production and operational shifts throughout our portfolio, as well as Water withdrawn Water consumed Water discharged 
2024 2022 % 
change 2024 2022 % 
change 2024 2022 % 
change 
Surface 0.0 0.1 -100.0% 
496.8 563.8 -11.9% 
41.2 55.1 -25.1% 
Ground 709.1 616.9 14.9% 46.9 45.2 3.7% 
Municipal 1,978.4 2,600.4 -23.9% 2,097.9 2,530.2 -17.1% 
Sea 0.0 0.2 -100.0% 4.6 23.2 -80.0% 
Total 2,687.5 3,217.6 -16.5% 496.8 563.8 -11.9% 2,190.7 2,653.8 -17.5% 
Water stressed Water withdrawn Water consumed Water discharged 
2024 2022 % 
change 2024 2022 % 
change 2024 2022 % 
change 
Surface 0.0 0.0 —% 
19.4 18.9 2.6% 
22.7 26.8 -15.2% 
Ground 133.1 151.9 -12.3% 12.2 14.9 -18.3% 
Municipal 282.9 279.5 1.2% 361.8 360.0 0.5% 
Sea 0.0 0.03 -100.0% 0.0 10.7 -100.0% 
Total 416.0 431.4 -3.6% 19.4 18.9 2.1% 396.7 412.4 -3.8% 
Figure 3-21: Megaliters of water withdrawn from Baker Hughes water-stressed sites for 2024 compared 
to 2022 base year. This has decreased slightly and we have shifted toward municipal water sources. 
consolidations of some of our facilities which resulted in a decrease of 
approximately 100 ML. 
Water-stressed sites 
We assessed areas of water stress using the World Resource Institute’s Aqueduct 
tool. As of year-end 2024, 70 or approximately 9% of sites were in an area of 
high water risk and 47, or approximately 6%, of sites were located in an area of 
extremely high water risk based on their physical, regulatory and reputational 
risk profile. 
In 2024, our water consumption in water-stressed areas increased by 2.6% 
compared to our 2022 base year, with our 2024 consumption at 19.4 ML. Our water 
withdrawn marginally decreased from 431.4 ML in our 2022 base year to 416.0 ML 
in 2024, water discharged in these areas decreased from 412.4 ML in our 2022 
base year to 396.7 ML in 2024 (figure 3-21 and table 3-6-B). Overall, the 
percentage of water consumed at water-stressed sites increased from 4.4% 
to 4.7% (figure 3-22). This increase is attributed to an increase in 
production need at one of our sites where previously all water 
withdrawn was discharged. Site reclassifications made in 2024 
also contributed to the observed increase in water withdrawal 
4.4%2022
Year 4.7%2024 
0% 2% 4% 6% 
Percent (%) of water consumed at water stressed sites 
Figure 3-22: Percent of water consumed at water-stressed sites for 2024 compared to 2022 base year. 
and consumption at water-stressed sites. 
48 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Minimizing our environmental footprint continued 
Spills and releases 
Our operations involve materials that require careful handling to avoid negative 
consequences. Our sites are required to report every spill or unplanned release 
of materials and categorize accurately, regardless of the volume and whether 
the contents were captured in secondary containment. We proactively prevent 
potential spills through risk assessments, spill response planning and regular 
equipment maintenance. These actions help prevent spills and reduce their 
impact, ensuring safety for our employees, communities and the environment. 
To mitigate potential impacts to the environment from spills, we have strict 
requirements related to secondary containment for chemicals. 
Spill management 
All reported spills undergo governance reviews to understand causal factors 
leading to the event, extent of impact and to confirm accuracy of reporting. 
Significant spill occurrences go through a stringent root cause analysis that identifies 
points of failure in processes which led to the spill. Detailed investigations are done 
immediately after a spill to document causes and actions to prevent future spills. 
In 2024, we initiated a survey targeting our operational sites based on where the 
majority of our chemicals are produced, stored and used to evaluate our local 
operational knowledge of chemical handling best practices and identify areas of 
targeted improvement. 
Our primary focus continues to be on enhancing the governance of spill reporting 
compliance and boosting data visibility throughout the organization, alongside 
conducting multiple safety and compliance campaigns across our business. 
Ongoing review of reported spills and data governance is also driving increased 
awareness and diligence in reporting from our employees. We implemented and 
drove business reviews, site audits, engagements and coaching. Information 
sessions and reference guides were provided to support our employees in 
classifying and reporting spills accurately. 
Table 3-7: Spill volume (barrels) by type for 2024 compared to 2022. 
2024 2022 % change 
Oil spills* 32 37 -13.5% 
Fuel spills* 7 3 133.3% 
Waste spills* 1 1 0% 
Chemical spills* 215 378 -43.1% 
Significant spills* 1,624 827 96.4% 
Spill type 
Oil spills 
3 
Fuel spills 
7 
1 
Waste spills 
1 
Chemical spills 
378 
215 
37 
32 
0 100 200 300 400 
Spill volume (barrels)
 2022 2024 
Figure 3-23: Spill volume by type for 2024 compared to base year 2022. Volume of chemical spills 
decreased by 43.1% when compared to our base year of 2022. 
In 2024, the volume of chemical spills dropped by 43.1% when compared 
to our base year of 2022 (table 3-7 and figure 3-23.) This significant reduction 
highlights the success of the measures we have put in place to manage and 
control chemical spills within our operations. Although there were slight variations 
in the volume of oil, fuel, and waste spills, these incidents remained relatively low 
and stable when compared to the baseline year. This consistency indicates that 
our current protocols and preventive actions are effectively maintaining control 
over these types of spills. 
We define significant spill as the release of oil, fuel, waste or chemicals into either 
a contained or uncontained area, including indoors at facilities managed by 
Baker Hughes. Significant spills do not include freshwater spills, inert gases 
released into the air, clean sand, clean gravel and other non-spills under Baker 
Hughes operational control. 
While the total volume of significant spills in 2024 rose from 827 barrels in 2022 
to 1,624 barrels (table 3-7 and figure 3-23), the highly effective performance of 
our secondary containment prevented over 80% of the total spill volume from 
being released. The most significant release in 2024 was a saltwater spill, entirely 
contained within secondary containment. This accounted 
for 46% of the total and prevented contamination of the 
natural environment. An investigation was conducted to 
identify the causes of the spill and to implement 
mitigation efforts to reduce the likelihood of a similar 
event occurring in the future. 
Our commitment to reducing air emissions and 
chemical stewardship 
We are committed to managing our air emissions aligned with industry best 
practices and regulatory standards. Through robust environmental practices, 
we aim to minimize routine air emissions and prevent emergency releases. We 
identify, assess, mitigate and control potential sources of air emissions from 
processes and operations, including both stationary and mobile sources. Where 
needed, we install emission-control devices, such as scrubbers, dust collection 
systems and paint booths to protect air quality and meet regulatory requirements. 
Across our business, employees have worked diligently to minimize the use of 
chemicals that may pose a threat to the environment. Our environmental 
procedures prohibit the use of certain chemicals in our operations including 
chlorinated hydrocarbon-based solvents or ozone-depleting chemicals. We 
monitor all unintended releases (i.e. spills, release of gases, etc.) and have had no 
reported ozone-depleting substances for the last several years, including 2024. 
Managing chemicals 
We follow our chemicals management procedure for the proper handling and 
management of chemicals at our sites and customer job locations. We are a 
longtime participant in ChemStewards®, a rigorous program to foster and 
improve upon a culture of facility safety, product stewardship, environmental 
safeguards, risk reduction and stakeholder engagement. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Proactive equipment inspections drives culture of environmental protection 
Through routine inspections and maintenance, we persistently advance initiatives 
aimed at decreasing the frequency and magnitude of spills at our locations and 
operations, thereby safeguarding the health and safety of our workforce, surrounding 
communities and the environment. To mitigate potential releases of chemicals, 
our Oilfield Industrial Chemicals (OIC) product line has a robust preventative 
maintenance program including regular inspections. These routine inspections 
serve a vital role as they protect our employees, sites and communities from 
possible impacts. 
Baker Hughes’ OIC product line was presented with five Safety Recognition Awards 
during the 2024 Society of Chemical Manufacturers and Affiliates (SOCMA) 
Summit, an exclusive event for executive business leaders in the specialty and 
batch chemical sector. SOCMA’s Safety Recognition Program honors companies 
that not only prioritize safety in their operations but also champion a culture of 
continuous improvement in safety practices. 
*Denotes the subset of significant spills that have reached soil and/or water. 
**Significant spill is a release of oil, fuel, waste or chemical into a contained or uncontained space, including 
inside buildings at facilities operated by Baker Hughes. Significant spills exclude spills of fresh water, inert gases 
released to air, clean sand, clean gravel and any other non-spills under Baker Hughes operational control. 
49 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Minimizing our environmental footprint continued 
Table 3-8: Number of IUCN Red List species by category within 50 km of our sites. Protecting biodiversity and natural capital SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Category 2024 
BioBlitz initiative uncovers rare butterfly in ItalyWe are dedicated to reducing our impact on biodiversity and protected areas 
at or near our operational sites and to demonstrate our commitment, we set a Least concerned species 120,981 Preserving local biodiversity is a key outcome of our sustainability strategy. 
In this spirit, Baker Hughes and the University of Florence’s Department of Naturalstrategic objective of assessing 100% of our sites for biodiversity risks by 2030. Science organized a BioBlitz, to engage the public in biodiversity preservation.Near threatened species 5,515 Our efforts include minimizing our environmental footprint, conserving natural 
habitats and restoring ecosystems through nature-based solutions. We focus 
on sound environmental practices, employee volunteer efforts and foundation 
grants to support conservation initiatives. Through our work in 2024, with the 
Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT), we were able to complete our 
goal of assessing all of our operations sites for biodiversity risks far ahead of our 
2030 timeline. We will accelerate our biodiversity work, with the first milestone 
having been achieved six years early. 
IBAT is a web-based map and reporting tool that provides fast, easy and 
integrated access to three of the world’s most authoritative global biodiversity 
datasets: International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List of 
Threatened Species, World Database on Protected Areas and World Database 
of Key Biodiversity Areas. IBAT allows us to assess all of our operational sites that 
were determined to have potential biodiverse risk. 
During our assessment, we identified 199 sites within five kilometers of protected 
areas and 98 high-risk sites within five kilometers of a key biodiversity area. These 
high-risk sites will undergo risk-management programs to limit environmental 
impact. We chose the five kilometer boundary to align with the UN’s conservative 
recommendation, which has shifted our baseline from previous years. Therefore, 
we will use 2024 as a new baseline for comparison. 
These site assessments inform the creation of mitigation plans, create mitigation 
plans, specific to each site that address the risk due to proximity to protected 
habitats or species. 
In 2024, we identified 137,876 species listed on the IUCN Red List of Threatened 
Species which are within 50 km of our sites. Included in the species identified 
are 120,981 (87.7%) species of least concern, 5,515 near threatened species, 5,856 
vulnerable species, 4,203 endangered species and 1,321 
critically endangered species (table 3-8 and figure 3-24). 
A range of 50 km was selected in line with IBAT standards 
to ensure the migration patterns of affected species 
would be taken into account. 
Vulnerable species 5,856 
Endangered species 4,203 
Critically endangered species 1,321 
Total 137,876
1.0% 
3.0% 
4.2% 87.7% 
4.0%
 Least concerned species
 Near threatened species
 Vulnerable species
 Endangered species
 Critically endangered species 
Figure 3-24: Percent breakdown12 of 
IUCN Red List species by category 
within 50 km of our sites. 
We recognize the UNESCO “No-Go” commitment for Natural World Heritage sites 
as an important program for the protection of unique and valuable locations. We 
are concerned about the potential effects that industrial operations could have 
on protected and ecologically sensitive sites. In 2024, we continued our methods 
of engaging internal stakeholders to complete in-depth reviews of our sites. 
We have integrated biodiversity assessments for all new or potential facilities 
within the past three years. We aim to ensure that all facilities are thoroughly 
assessed to understand possible impacts on surrounding communities, protected 
areas or species. 
For our industrial sites, the review of environmental risks includes sensitive 
habitats, such as wetlands and the potential presence of protected species. 
We conduct formal environmental impact assessments as required by local 
regulations. This is particularly important for new business activities worldwide 
due to the continuing changes to our real estate portfolio. 
BioBlitz is a citizen science initiative that empowers citizens to understand and 
protect biodiversity by working alongside scientists. Approximately 10 scientists, 
40 zoology students and 30 Baker Hughes employees participated the event. 
Over 200 records were registered in the iNaturalist app, which connects people 
to nature and advances biodiversity science and conservation. Notably, a 
Baker Hughes employee recorded the rare Zerynthia Cassandra butterfly, the first 
sighting in that area in over 100 years. This event highlights the impact of citizen 
science in promoting sustainability and applying knowledge in action. 
Team from the IET Florence facility at the
BioBlitz event in Pian del Mugnone, Italy 
Zerynthia Cassandra butterfly
found during BioBlitz event in
Pian del Mugnone, Italy 
12 Due to rounding of data, the total of figure 3-23 sums to 99.9%. Exact breakdown can be seen in table 3-8. 
50 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Minimizing our environmental footprint continued 
Managing opportunities and risks due to climate 
change and transition to low-carbon economy 
We recognize the challenges of climate change but also see the opportunities for 
growth that stem from the world’s transition to a more sustainable, low-carbon 
economy. We made it a priority to enhance our business resiliency by pursuing 
new commercial opportunities while managing physical risks to the Company. 
To position ourselves for long-term success in accordance with the Task force for 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, we developed 
quantitative analyses of physical and transition risks due to climate change. 
These analyses helped provide more insight on climate issues that could 
potentially impact the business, both positively and negatively and outlined 
the potential impact over the short, medium and long term to the year 2050. 
In line with the TCFD recommendations, we divide our risk assessment into two 
major categories: risks related to the physical impacts of climate change and 
risks and opportunities related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy. 
We are continuously working on improved methodology and data accuracy, 
while embedding this analysis and subsequent results into business planning. 
James Hollas and 
Samaneh Soroush 
Lead Engineers, OFSE 
Physical risk management 
A comprehensive and robust physical risk assessment is necessary to satisfy 
the requirements of governments and regulatory bodies in a growing number of 
geographies. This assessment enables informed decisions on where and when to 
allocate our capital and resources to prevent or mitigate the impact of climate 
change. Our physical risk assessment determines specific weather peril risk and 
financial exposure for all of our facilities worldwide. In addition, we determine the 
risk of diverse weather perils and potential losses due to business disruption for 
our critical suppliers. We highlight the risk of severe weather events for 10 diverse 
types of weather using Jupiter ClimateScore™ predictive climate data analytics 
for three Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s (IPCC) fifth revision of 
projected socioeconomic global changes scenarios (IPCC SSP5): RCP2.6, RCP 
4.5 and RCP8.5. We then specifically model potential losses related to damages, 
business disruptions and productivity losses for the four most impactful weather 
perils: flood, wind, extreme heat and wildfires between 2020 and 2050. In 2024, 
in anticipation of future regulatory disclosure obligations, we worked to drive 
greater accuracy, completeness and reproducibility of the raw data used in the 
analysis. In addition, our latest report ran on the new, further improved Jupiter 
ClimateScore 3.1 database revision that features updates for flood, wind, wildfire 
and heat risk scores for our sites. Simultaneously, we also continue distributing 
insights and training to our functional managers to provide them with access to 
data and promote its use. 
Based on the current TCFD physical risk assessment, we estimate that long term 
in 2050, 8% of all of our operational sites worldwide will be at either chronic or 
acute material risk, assuming a greater than 4°C IPCC climate scenario 
(SSP5-RCP8.5). This is subject to change as we continue to drive risk reduction 
measures across our portfolio. 
Total long-term losses due to damage or business disruption are estimated at 
$293M if no preventive actions are taken, which represents 1.2% of the revenue 
generated by the sites at material risk in 2024. Similarly, total short-term losses 
are estimated at $203M, or 0.8% of the same revenue. 
Higher long-term risk exposure is driven by increasing probability of extreme 
weather events or their rising severity for some locations in the next 25 years. 
Insights derived from our analyses are incorporated into our enterprise risk 
management, business continuity and facility response planning, prioritizing 
our mission-critical sites and sole source suppliers in locations with 
moderate-to-high risk. Furthermore, the data is beneficial in mid- and long-term 
strategic business planning, helping to identify and mitigate risk exposures to our 
infrastructure and logistics. Data is also considered in our environmental impact 
investment decisions and due diligence for mergers and acquisitions to ensure 
that we are managing cost and risks using all available information. 
Transition risk and opportunity 
Transition risk assessment derives estimated financial impact on our business 
from modeled portfolio responses to three energy market scenarios as published 
by the International Energy Agency (IEA): the 1.5°C Net-Zero Emissions, the 
Announced Pledges and the Stated Policies Scenarios. These scenarios lay out 
three distinctive trajectories for future energy markets based on differing adoption 
speeds for the reduction of anthropogenic GHG. When applied to our existing 
portfolio, these might drive wide revenue impacts across different businesses. 
As importantly, the analysis also provides a better understanding of new 
markets and helps estimate yield potential from future portfolios. While we 
recognize the potential for transition risk, we are resolved to play a key role in 
enabling an orderly low-carbon transition. Our future success may depend 
upon our ability to effectively execute on our energy transition strategy, which 
depends on our ability to develop additional innovative technologies and work 
with customers and partners to advance new energy portfolios such as CCUS, 
hydrogen, geothermal and other carbon abatement solutions. If the energy 
landscape changes faster than anticipated or faster than we can transition, or if 
we fail to execute on our energy transition strategy as planned, demand for our 
technologies and services or access to capital could be adversely affected. 
Transitioning to a low-carbon economy will likely require extensive policy, legal, 
technology and market changes. There is increased focus by governments, 
customers, investors and other stakeholders on climate change, sustainability 
and other energy transition matters. Concerns and perceptions of industry 
or fossil fuel products and their relationship to the environment have led 
governments, non-governmental organizations and companies to implement 
initiatives to conserve energy and promote the use of alternative sources. These 
initiatives may help reduce the demand for and production of oil and gas in 
areas of the world where our customers operate and thus reduce future demand 
for our products and services. In addition, initiatives by investors and financial 
institutions to limit funding to companies in fuel-related industries may adversely 
affect liquidity and access to capital. 
In the long-term scenario, we predict that even under the conservative Stated 
Policies Scenario, our traditional portfolio related to oil and gas exploration and 
production will generate negative growth. This proves the critical importance of 
our strategy that is focused on increasing revenue contributions from growing 
our energy transition portfolio. We estimate that any potential material declines 
in revenue from our current portfolio under the Stated Policies, Announced 
Pledges or the Net-Zero Scenario will be more than offset by revenue growth 
from our energy transition portfolio. 
51 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Principles 
What’s new for 2024? 
In the following section, you will learn about actions we 
have taken to advance our strategy and the impactful 
initiatives that demonstrate our progress against our 
principles-centric goals. 
We have continuously improved our processes to deliver the 
highest quality data. In 2024, we have obtained assurance over 
more metrics than ever before (Appendix B). 
Security is a top priority. We progressed toward using drone 
technology for security surveillance at select locations in the 
United States. 
Our cybersecurity team continued to train and educate our 
employees on cyber risks throughout the year, heightening 
awareness for our employees to remain vigilant on the 
protection of our integrated digital systems. 
Our Supplier Social Responsibility Program closed 95.0% of 
Red Flag Audits within 90 days, exceeding our goal of 90%. 
Ercilia Cahanda, 
Field Service Engineer, IET 
Meet Fernando. 
Fernando Contreras, 
VP, Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary 
As the executive accountable for the 
principles topic of sustainability, I take great 
pride in sharing the progress our team has 
accomplished in 2024. At Baker Hughes, we 
are steadfast in our commitment to 
integrity, transparency and respect for every 
stakeholder. These guiding principles shape 
our corporate governance, environmental 
management and social responsibility 
initiatives, fostering a culture of accountability 
and ongoing improvement. By embracing 
these values, our goal is to positively 
influence communities, the environment 
and the global economy, guaranteeing 
sustainable growth and enduring value for 
stakeholders. 
The principles section of our sustainability 
strategy covers key areas such as corporate 
governance, oversight of environmental, 
social and governance issues, compliance, 
anti-corruption, health, safety, security, 
human rights, supply chain sustainability 
and working with governments. This 
section underscores our commitment to 
strong governance practices, ethical 
conduct and maintaining high standards 
in HSE performance. 
52 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Our principles strategy 
We are committed to delivering on our corporate strategy ethically and sustainably to instill trust in our employees, 
customers, shareholders and local communities. To deliver on this promise, we must be transparent about the challenges 
we face and how we mitigate them. Since the release of our principles strategy in 2022, we endeavored to uphold 
industry leading HSE standards while championing compliance and ethics throughout our business. We will continue to 
lead with integrity while fostering a culture of transparency throughout our day-to-day operations. 
Goals Objectives Strategic outcomes 
what we aim to deliver how we will deliver success how we will track progress 
Drive a culture of transparency Champion compliance and ethics 
and integrity—doing the right thing 
beyond compliance Ensure sustainable governance 
Take energy forward responsibly Uphold the highest health, safety and 
and with integrity and transparency environmental standards 
Strive for principled, differentiated and 
inclusive supply chains 
• 100% of targeted personnel training annually 
on human rights policies and procedures 
• Specialized human rights training completed 
for >80% SSRP* auditors and sourcing by 2025 
• Process to record, track and monitor human 
rights grievances in place Q1 2024 
• 100% completion of annual board training and 
select executive staff for sustainable topics 
• Align annual executive compensation to 
sustainable outcomes by 2025 
• 100% of employees including governance 
body members completed Code of Conduct 
training annually by 2024 
• Total Recordable Incident Rate <0.3 
• All Perfect HSE Days 
• Active* suppliers assessed for environmental 
criteria every three years 
• Track spend in our differentiated supply chain 
• 90% of SSRP audit red-flag findings closed 
within 90 days 
• 90% completion rate for SSRP planned audits 
• 80%* of suppliers agreeing to Baker Hughes 
Integrity Guide by 2030 
Figure 4-1: Principles-focused sustainability strategy helps advance our commitment to doing business in an ethical, transparent and principled way. 
*As defined by SSRP criteria 
53 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
We measure the success of our principles-focused in initiatives several ways: 
Board oversight 
The Board of Directors help to ensure that the Company remains competitive and resilient in a rapidly 
changing industry by providing strategic direction and oversight. The Board sets high standards for our 
officers, directors and employees, emphasizing the importance of doing the right thing 
beyond mere compliance. 
Code of Conduct, training and compliance 
We have a comprehensive Code of Conduct that all employees must adhere to, covering ethical behavior, 
compliance with laws and our core values. We emphasize continuous training on ethical conduct and 
compliance, with 99.4% of employees completing the annual Code of Conduct training. 
Audit and risk management 
We conduct regular audits to identify and address potential risks. In 2024, we identified 1,773 supplier 
audit red flag findings, with 95% of these findings closed within 90 days. 
Sustainability 
We integrate environmental, social and governance factors into our framework. This includes 
sustainability-specific training for the Board and assessing operations for compliance risks. 
HSE 
We maintain high HSE standards to protect employees’ well-being. This includes metrics such as Total 
Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) and the number of Perfect HSE days.

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
We promote sustainable governance 
Corporate governance 
Our framework for corporate governance is set forth in our governance principles, 
committee charters and our Sixth Amended and Restated Bylaws, which can be 
found on our website. 
Our governance principles provide guidelines for Board matters, including 
the leadership structure of the Board. Written charters for the Board’s Audit 
Committee, Human Capital and Compensation Committee, Governance and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee and Finance Committee describe the 
roles and responsibilities of each committee. 
The Board of Directors 
Our Board of Directors sets high standards for the Company’s officers, directors 
and employees to do the right thing, always. These standards include our 
Code of Conduct, policies and procedures. Strong corporate governance is the 
cornerstone of our strategy and helps guide our business in a principled, 
ethical way. The duty of the Board is multifaceted. The Board serves as a prudent 
fiduciary to maximize shareholder value, champion compliance and ethics and 
foster sustainable governance. Our Board of Directors believes that safety, health, 
integrity, compliance and human rights are foundational elements of our culture, 
driven by our core values of Grow, Collaborate, Lead and Care. 
Operating responsibly and with accountability to serve the best interests of 
our stakeholders requires sound corporate governance. Our Board recognizes 
that minimizing environmental impacts of our operations, fostering employee 
engagement and respecting human rights by creating an environment of 
respect, integrity and fairness for our employees, customers and other 
stakeholders wherever we do business are fundamental. These principles 
are essential to the long-term success of our Company. 
Board of Directors management meetings 
Meetings of the Board are scheduled quarterly each calendar year. During 
meetings, the Board reviews and discusses the performance of the Company, 
our plans and prospects, as well as immediate issues facing Baker Hughes. 
Directors are expected to attend all scheduled Board and committee meetings 
and the annual meeting of shareholders. Our Board has established the 
following committees to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities and 
general oversight of management, including: 
• Audit Committee 
• Finance Committee 
• Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 
• Human Capital and Compensation Committee 
The responsibilities of these committees are available in our Proxy statement. 
Our Board exhibits a broad mix of skills, experience, diversity and perspectives, 
collectively demonstrating leadership and a substantive understanding of our 
strategy as an energy technology company. Our directors’ sustainability 
expertise includes direct experience with human resources and talent 
development, legal and corporate governance issues, environmental and 
safety regulations, along with risk oversight including cybersecurity, finance and 
operations. Our Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, which 
recommends director candidates for annual election, evaluates the composition 
of the Board annually and identifies desired skills, experience and capabilities. 
The committee strives to maintain a Board with varied expertise and 
perspectives. 
Our Board of Directors received sustainability-related training in 2024 to further 
enhance their knowledge and understanding of evolving sustainability matters. 
Our director education program assists Board members in fulfilling their 
responsibilities. In addition to the onboarding program, directors are provided 
ongoing education through in-depth presentations on topics such as: strategy; 
operations; energy transition; cybersecurity; sustainability-related topics; risk 
management; diversity, inclusion and belonging along with legal and 
regulatory matters. These presentations can be from management or outside 
experts as needed. Our Board of Directors periodically holds its meetings at 
our facilities or other sites important to the business where they engage with 
employees in a more informal setting. Directors are also encouraged to attend 
third-party educational programs and training. 
Contacting the Board 
You can reach out to our Board by sending written communication to our 
Corporate Secretary, c/o Baker Hughes Company, 575 N Dairy Ashford Rd, 
Suite 100, Houston, TX 77079, United States or by email at 
boardofdirectors@bakerhughes.com. 
Florence site, Italy 
54 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
We promote sustainable governance continued 
Governance of sustainability 
Our Board’s Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee has oversight responsibility of our sustainability 
matters including monitoring our sustainability strategy and initiatives and management of sustainability-related risks. 
The Committee receives regular reports from management on our environmental, health and safety, corporate 
responsibility and sustainability activities and risks, including progress on our emission reduction commitments, our 
reporting frameworks and ratings. The Committee also oversees the publication of this report. 
The primary responsibility for developing, managing and executing our sustainability strategy rests with our management 
team. Our chief sustainability officer (CSO) oversees our sustainability strategy and chairs our Sustainability Steering 
Team. The Steering Team works with subject matter experts to manage our sustainability priorities, set goals, monitor our 
progress and coordinate our reporting. We also have a formalized sustainability management structure with designated 
executive sponsors, including the chief legal officer, the chief people and culture officer and the senior vice 
president of Enterprise Operational Excellence (EOE) that report to the chairman of the Board and CEO. Additionally, we 
have a legal sustainability group that collaborates with the CSO to embed the developing sustainability focused legal 
obligations into policies and to promote effective implementation. 
Accountability through reporting 
As one of the first energy companies to make a public net-zero commitment, it is crucial for us to model our 
sustainability leadership throughout our value chain activities. We are continuously improving how we track, measure 
and report our sustainability data, following industry best practices. We recognize the need for data that is accurate 
and transparent in public disclosures and continue to fulfill that responsibility by reporting against the leading 
sustainability accounting standards, including the GHG Protocol. Our data is reviewed by internal audit teams and are 
subject to assurance by our independent accountants. We expanded the reach of our data controllership consistent 
with best accounting practices. 
Buffering sustainability risks through our Enterprise Risk Management process 
We identify risks to our strategic and business objectives utilizing an enterprise risk management (ERM) process—a risk-based 
management and continuous monitoring program that is aligned to the business cycle, leading to more informed 
decision-making and building resilience across the organization. 
Our ERM process includes an annual risk review with representatives across our enterprise to proactively identify and monitor 
key risks and opportunities that may significantly impact our business or strategy. Key risks are rated according to probability, 
impact and preparedness. Those that are identified as material require enhanced monitoring and mitigation efforts. 
The top identified risks are reviewed with executive leadership for validation and alignment. Executive sponsors are 
assigned to the top risks and key risk indicators and mitigation actions are established. The ERM Steering Committee 
has oversight of the ERM program and can recommend further analysis or, in some cases, specify improvements to 
strengthen our safeguards. The ERM Steering Committee meets at least once per quarter. The ERM program is reviewed 
annually by the Board of Directors and the top ERM risks are reviewed regularly at various committee meetings. 
Given the interconnectedness of key risks, the ERM team works closely with employee representatives across various levels of 
the organization to introduce, support and promulgate risk management behaviors and to drive an integrated approach to 
risk management. 
Oversight of sustainability strategy and initiatives 
Governance and Corporate Human Capital andAudit Committee Finance Committee Responsibility Committee Compensation Committee 
Sustainability disclosures 
in SEC filings
Compliance program, including 
human rights concerns 
Cybersecurity 
Supplier audit program 
Sustainability investments 
Investor relations 
Corporate Sustainability Report 
Sustainability reporting 
standards and metrics 
HSE program 
Social responsibility 
Policy and regulatory updates 
Charitable giving 
Political contributions 
Board composition and 
governance 
Diversity, inclusion and belonging 
Compensation tied to sustainability 
Competitive benefits and 
compensation 
Talent retention 
Succession planning 
Training and development 
Talent planning and culture for 
the energy transition 
Figure 4-2: Oversight of sustainability strategy and initiatives. 
55 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Championing ethics and compliance 
We have a global ethics and compliance program designed to prevent, detect 
and appropriately respond to potential violations of law, our Code of Conduct 
and other Company policies and procedures. We believe this commitment to 
integrity across the entire organization is fundamental to running a sound, 
successful and sustainable business. 
Our Code of Conduct underscores the criticality of regulatory excellence and acts 
as a guide to help employees make ethical decisions. In order to drive a culture 
of transparency and integrity, we developed a 3-in-1 Code of Conduct 
Compliance training. Through this training, we equip our employees to apply our 
core ethical values in their business decision-making processes. Our employees 
are required to complete annual online training on our Code of Conduct, which 
covers policies and procedures for human rights, anti-corruption, privacy, 
cybersecurity, conflict of interest, trade compliance and other compliance topics. 
As compliance champions, our employees are encouraged to report any 
ethics or compliance concerns. We provide several reporting pathways 
including a global network of trained employee ombudspersons; a dedicated 
website where employees can raise concerns anonymously; and a worldwide, 
24-hour integrity helpline operated by a third party that is available in 
approximately 150 languages. We recently complemented our formal 
compliance training program with monthly campaigns intended to reinforce 
key messages about open reporting and other key integrity topics, including 
anti-bribery and anti-corruption awareness. Additionally, Integrity Moments are 
used to reinforce governance policies related to compliance during internal and 
external meetings. 
We regularly review and update our Code of Conduct. In 2024, we updated our 
Code of Conduct to further weave sustainability into the fabric of our business. 
The revised Code of Conduct sets out the cultural integrity expectations that 
serve as the foundation for our sustainability framework, including people, planet 
and principles. Emerging legal risks, such as with respect to modern 
slavery, were also addressed. Our Code of Conduct is annually certified by 
our Board of Directors and is operationalized by our chief compliance officer. 
As part of our objective to champion compliance and ethics, each year we aim to 
reach 100% of our employee population, including governance body members13, 
completing the Code of Conduct training. In 2024, 100.0% of governance body 
members15 and 99.4% of the entire employee population completed the annual 
Code of Conduct training. 
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
In addition to our Code of Conduct training, which is aimed at preventing 
unethical behavior, we employ additional measures to monitor and mitigate 
high-risk areas. Our Code of Conduct includes a summary of our global 
anti-bribery and corruption policy, which prohibits bribery and facilitating 
payments in all business dealings, including with governments, employees of 
state-owned companies and private sector entities. We have internal controls 
to address bribery risks, including online and live trainings in countries where we 
operate and policies addressing compliance-sensitive activities, such as travel, 
expenses, charitable donations and transactions with third parties, including 
channel partners. 
Each year, leaders from each business segment and function hold workshops to 
discuss and assess compliance risks and deploy risk mitigation 
plans. In 2024, our two business segments, comprising 100% of our 
operations, were assessed for risks related to compliance. Relevant 
risks identified as part of this process include bribery and 
corruption risks within our value chain. 
Third party risk management 
We interact with numerous third parties—to grow our business, service customer 
needs, enhance the Company’s presence in global markets and interact with 
government officials. While they provide many benefits, third parties can also 
expose Baker Hughes to legal and reputational risk, particularly in respect of 
bribery, corruption and money laundering. 
We recognize two main types of third parties that may pose risk  
to the Company: 
Channel partners 
Intermediaries authorized by the Company to market and sell our products 
and services to customers in specific territories. 
Administrative service providers 
Vendors who interact with government officials on our behalf while providing 
a service to Baker Hughes–for example, to obtain a permit or to transport 
products cross border and clear customs. 
We have implemented a risk-based management process to mitigate the 
compliance and regulatory risks associated with our use of third parties 
throughout the relationship life cycle focusing on the following stages: 
Onboarding and engagement 
Provided there is a compelling commercial rationale for working with the 
third party, we screen, train and conduct due diligence prior to formally 
engaging the third party. Third parties are also required to sign 
our Code of Conduct. 
Monitoring 
We conduct ongoing monitoring of third-party performance and compliance 
with contractual provisions and our Code of Conduct through refreshed due 
diligence, audits and risk assessments. 
Renewal and termination 
We assess the third party’s conduct and business performance, including 
review of the business relationship. If we choose to continue our relationship 
with the third party, we continue and maintain our due diligence. 
Abdullah Dewani, 
Mechanical Assembler, IET 
13 Governance body members include 93 SEB+ and EB+ employees. 
56 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Championing ethics and compliance continued 
International trade compliance 
We comply with all applicable trade regulations. International Trade Compliance 
(ITC) is embedded into our processes and, where practical, into our systems. 
Compliance starts with our Know Your Customer/Know Your Supplier (KYC/KYS) 
processes. We conduct automated screenings for sanctions, corruption and 
other compliance concerns on all business entities we engage. Screenings are 
reviewed for potential concerns. At the opportunity stage within our sales process, 
an automated escalation to ITC personnel is triggered for all opportunities in high 
risk locations or with customers or suppliers flagged as high risk in the KYC/KYS 
process. Transactions are checked in our major Materials Management 
Planning Systems to verify export, customs and sanctions compliance. This 
includes automated checks, such as license requirements based on transaction 
details, or manual checks, such as validating that an End Use and User Certificate 
has been obtained when necessary. 
Employees are trained annually on their role to ensure compliance with trade 
regulations. This includes a primer on their responsibilities with respect to various 
ITC related activities such as movement of goods (e.g., export controls and 
customs), technology controls (e.g., access controls and movement of technical 
information), technical assistance, financial restrictions and anti-boycott 
regulations. 
Stavanger, Norway 
Open reporting and consultation 
We believe that a culture where all employees maintain high levels of integrity, 
conduct business professionally, treat one another with dignity and respect and 
support open communication without repercussions creates a better and more 
productive work environment. 
Employees and other stakeholders have several ways to raise compliance 
concerns and are encouraged to report any ethics or compliance matters. 
We have a zero-tolerance policy against all retaliation. Our Fair Employment 
Practice policy prohibits retaliation against an employee for raising a concern 
about a potential violation of Code of Conduct, policy or law. Reporting 
mechanisms include: raising a concern with their direct manager or HR; a 
global network of Ombuds; a dedicated website where employees can report 
concerns or communicate with the global compliance team anonymously; 
and a worldwide, 24-hour helpline operated by a third party that is available in 
approximately 150 languages. All concerns raised are reviewed by trained 
investigators and treated confidentially. 
We take all allegations regarding our Code of Conduct, policies and the law 
seriously. We investigate allegations with a rigor and discipline that drives 
consistency in the investigations process, outcomes reporting and 
communication about lessons learned. In addition, our segment-level 
Disciplinary Review Committees manage the implementation of disciplinary 
measures involving the potential of termination to ensure fair and consistent 
discipline is applied within the Company globally. 
How to Report a Concern 
• Call: 1-800-288-8475 (toll-free, U.S. only) 
• Email: bakerhughes.Ombuds@bakerhughes.com 
• Mail: 575 N Dairy Ashford Rd, Suite 100, Houston, TX 77079 United States 
57 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Aligning policies, customer needs and compliance 
Our proactive approach to policy framework 
Our proactive policy framework is designed to stay aligned with global 
sustainability trends and regulatory changes. By proactively engaging with key 
stakeholders, we are well-prepared to meet regulatory requirements, support 
sustainable technologies and provide valuable solutions to our customers in a 
rapidly evolving policy landscape. 
Here’s how it works: 
Tracking policies worldwide 
We monitor sustainability policies globally to remain a leader in providing 
solutions to our customers. This helps us anticipate policy developments and 
identify regions and sectors where supportive policies for technologies like 
carbon capture, hydrogen, geothermal and emissions management are 
emerging. 
Understanding customer needs 
By staying informed about sustainability policies, we better understand our 
customers’ needs and how to address them. This knowledge allows us to align 
our solutions with regulatory requirements and market demands. 
Compliance and transparency 
Governments are increasingly setting targets and regulations to reduce 
emissions and require us to disclose our environmental impacts. We strive to 
stay ahead of these regulations. Our proactive approach to public policy helps 
us recognize the push for transparency and develop new ways to provide 
related information to our customers. 
Preparing for new regulations 
Preparing for new disclosures and due diligence requirements is crucial due to 
our expanding global presence. We aim to be transparent about our sustainabil-
ity practices, manage environmental and social risks and avoid non-compliance 
penalties to enhance our reputation and long-term viability. Global disclosure 
requirements will prompt businesses to introspectively review their practices and 
seek opportunities to mitigate associated risks. 
We remain dedicated to transparent and accurate disclosure information 
that aligns with new government regulations like the European Union’s (EU’s) 
Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD), the EU Corporate 
Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CS3D), Australia’s Treasury Laws 
Amendment Bill 2024 and California’s Climate Disclosure (State Bill 253) 
requirements. 
Our commitment to transparency fosters trust, accountability and sustainable 
decision-making, which are integral to our mission of making energy safer, 
cleaner and more efficient. This approach also aligns with our Company culture 
of sustainability, transparency and compliance. We will manage the disclosure 
requirements across all existing and future disclosure regulations applicable to 
our business. 
To promote regulatory readiness, we assess our organizational design, 
controls, governance and performance metrics. Our double materiality 
assessment is a cornerstone of our sustainability framework, helping to drive 
our desire to remain responsive to the evolving challenges and opportunities in 
our industry. This dual-focused evaluation process helps us identify and prioritize 
the issues most significant to our stakeholders and our long-term success. 
By considering both the inward potential financial impacts and the outward 
potential societal and environmental effects, we can develop strategies that 
are holistic and resilient. 
MySupport Sustainability 
As we continued to better understand our customers’ needs and meet the 
increased demand for verified sustainability data, we focused on enhancing 
our internal sustainability services platform, MySupport Sustainability. MySupport 
Sustainability is our one-stop shop for employees to request validated 
sustainability information for commercial or regulatory inquiries, external 
engagements and more. 
One of the main achievements this year was expanding and transitioning 
our services onto the Baker Hughes enterprise platform MySupport so that 
sustainability-related support is readily available and accessible for our entire 
employee population. 
• Anticipating further growth in sustainability-related queries, we proactively 
trained additional team members to provide dedicated assistance to 
MySupport Sustainability practitioners. 
• We introduced and implemented new service offerings within MySupport 
Sustainability, such as requests to find available public funding for research 
and development or emissions reduction projects. 
• These improvements helped us to streamline workflows and provide timely 
completion of the requests we receive, while enhancing the overall user 
experience and positioned us to meet future needs more effectively. 
Aaronica Patterson and 
Marissa Dickerson, 
Lead Engineers, OFSE 
58 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Aligning policies, customer needs and compliance continued 
Tax 
We are committed to ensuring compliance with tax laws and requirements 
worldwide and maintaining an open and constructive relationship with tax 
authorities. We have zero tolerance for tax evasion and maintain procedures to 
prevent the facilitation of tax evasion. 
We acknowledge that, as part of our responsibilities to our shareholders, we are 
obligated to pay only the taxes required by the laws and regulations of the 
countries where we operate. 
In 2024, we reported income taxes paid, net of refunds, to governments totaling 
$1,040 million. Our income tax payments are disclosed as part of our audited 
financial statements. 
The chief accounting officer (CAO), who reports directly to the chief financial 
officer (CFO), is responsible for implementation of our tax strategy. The CAO 
is supported by a team of in-house tax professionals based in primary 
operational locations. 
The commercial needs of the Company are paramount and all transactions must 
have both a clear business purpose and commercial rationale and be undertaken 
in accordance with our Code of Conduct. We understand that sometimes there 
can be more than one tax outcome in commercially motivated transactions as 
well as different interpretations of the law. However, we do not willfully engage 
in tax schemes nor structure transactions in such a way that we consider the 
transactions contrary to the clear intentions of the tax legislation concerned. 
Tax incentives and exemptions are sometimes offered by governments and fiscal 
authorities in order to support investment, employment and economic development. 
Where these exist and are applicable to our business, we seek to apply them in the 
manner intended, taking external professional advice where necessary. 
We consistently and diligently monitor changes in tax laws and practices. This is a 
key responsibility of focus of our in-house tax professionals and is supported with 
regular training from both internal subject matter experts and external advisors, 
with the aim to train the team on the skills needed to identify and address tax 
risks. Knowledge is shared among the tax team via the discussion of relevant tax 
technical information. 
Our approach to cooperation and transparency is beneficial to our stakeholders 
and investors, as well as to the governments in countries in which we do business. 
Transparency initiatives, such as Advanced Pricing Agreements (APAs), promote 
several advantages for both ourselves and governments, such as providing 
access to business information and strategies while achieving certainty on tax 
treatment, as well as efficient staffing of audit resources. We have several APAs in 
process with key jurisdictions where we operate. 
59 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
We strive to achieve low-risk designations, which allows us to focus the resources of 
our tax team on material transactions while enabling effective and efficient ongoing 
tax compliance. Pursuant to the United States Generally Accepted Accounting 
Principles (GAAP), companies typically are required to establish relevant tax 
reserves to cover instances where tax positions are uncertain, subject to audit or 
under dispute. We expect our ongoing efforts to engage in broader transparency 
with tax administrations to result in lower tax reserves over time. 
It is our policy to be compliant, transparent and proactive in interactions with 
tax authorities. Where appropriate, we will engage with tax authorities to assist 
with the shaping of future legislation and tax policy. We make fair and accurate 
disclosures in correspondence and returns and respond to queries and information 
requests in a timely manner. Where disputes arise with tax authorities, in areas 
of doubt or where legal interpretations differ, we endeavor to address the matter 
promptly, provide support for the position taken and resolve it in a responsible, 
open and timely manner. 
The tax department plays a critical role in delivering value for the organization 
in four key areas of our sustainable development strategies: guidance on 
available funding initiatives through grants, credits and discretionary incentives; 
understanding how to unlock value in indirect tax, property tax and excise tax; 
identifying value chain opportunities; and evaluating mergers and acquisitions 
through a sustainable business value lens. 
Questions or concerns about issues related to tax can 
be reported through our public website, or by calling 
1-800-288-8475 (toll free, U.S. only) to anonymously 
speak with a third-party agent. 
“While we focus on the commercial needs 
of the business, we aim to ensure compliance 
and commit to working transparently to 
optimize benefits and resolve uncertainties. 
This approach allows us to navigate complex 
tax landscapes effectively.“ 
Rebecca Charlton, 
SVP Controller and Chief Accounting Officer 
Human rights 
Human rights are fundamental rights and freedoms to which every individual is 
equally and inalienably entitled. We recognize human rights as universal and a 
core principle to our business practices. As a signatory of the UNGC, we are 
committed to advancing the Ten Principles of the UNGC and the SDGs. 
Our Human Rights Policy applies to all employees, business partners, vendors, 
suppliers and contractors. This policy is informed by the UN Guiding Principles 
on Business and Human Rights and our Code of Conduct. It is supported by a 
framework of policies and guidelines, setting forth the expectations that we 
do what is right and safe, considering the well-being of our people, suppliers, 
customers, communities and environment. 
We integrate onboarding, training, management, due diligence and reporting 
systems to identify, prevent, mitigate and take corrective action where appropriate 
to address identified compliance issues. Due diligence tools we rely on include, but 
are not limited to, legal and regulatory compliance reviews and supplier audits. 
When adverse human rights impacts are identified relating to our business 
activities or those of other business entities directly in our supply chain, we are 
committed to taking swift and appropriate steps, including, where relevant, to 
remediate them in a fair and equitable manner. Grievance mechanisms are 
available for individuals across our value chain. Confidentiality is respected 
and individuals may choose to remain anonymous. 
Our human rights pledge 
We commit to responsible business practices, high standards of integrity and 
ethical conduct, compliance with all applicable laws and respect for the rights 
and dignity of all people. We respect human rights as expressed in the 
International Bill of Human Rights and the fundamental conventions of the 
International Labour Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work. In situations where there is a conflict between internationally 
recognized human rights and national laws, we strive to honor the principles 
of international human rights. 
The importance we place on respecting human rights is reflected in the fact that 
human rights are incorporated into our sustainability strategy, underpinning our 
commitment to integrity and ethical conduct. 
We prohibit slavery, servitude, forced and compulsory labor, human trafficking 
and child labor—collectively “modern slavery.”

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Aligning policies, customer needs and compliance continued 
Commitment at Baker Hughes 
We consistently endeavor to serve as a role model for high ethical conduct and 
to promote a culture of responsibility, sustainable development and respect 
for human dignity throughout our global operations and value chain. We place 
integrity first and value the trust of our employees, customers, business partners, 
suppliers, contractors, vendors and the broader communities where we operate 
and serve. Compliance with high ethical standards, good business practices 
and respect for local laws and regulations is a cornerstone of developing and 
sustaining this trust. 
We respect the human rights of local communities, including vulnerable, 
marginalized and indigenous groups. Our businesses engage with communities, 
customers, local governments and other key stakeholders to integrate local 
considerations into operational plans. In instances where local communities 
may be adversely impacted by our activities, our businesses are supported by 
functional teams and processes which work to manage and mitigate potential 
impacts on public well-being. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Rayson Hew, HR Specialist and
Irene Innocenti, Technical Leader, 
Digital Transformation, IET 
Consistent with our longstanding principles, we stand firmly against all forms 
of exploitation including modern slavery. We have and will continue to take 
measures to prevent and detect modern slavery and other human rights abuses 
in our operations and our supply chain. Read our Modern Slavery Statement for 
more information. 
We prohibit discrimination or harassment against any employee or applicant 
based on race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), 
sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status or 
other characteristics protected by law. 
We are committed to furthering workplace health 
and safety 
We respect the freedom of association and the right 
to collective bargaining 
We respect individual privacy rights and commit to processing, collecting, 
handling and protecting personal information responsibly, in compliance with 
applicable privacy and information security laws, our Data Privacy Policy and 
related policies, guidelines and notices. 
Enhanced human rights governance with new leadership in 2024 
In 2024, we continued to enhance our human rights governance 
program. We identified a human rights program leader and a 
multifunctional human rights working group to guide the 
operationalization of our human rights program. We further 
developed processes for recording and monitoring the resolution 
of human rights grievances. 
We provided our direct suppliers with training on human rights issues and the 
process of conducting due diligence within their own supply chains. We also 
engaged with the Responsible Minerals Initiative to address the potential for 
systemic human rights issues further up the supply chain. 
“As the Global Head of Security at Baker Hughes, 
I am committed to championing human rights. 
These rights are central to our identity and 
operations, ensuring the dignity, safety and 
well-being of everyone we touch. At Baker 
Hughes, respecting human rights is not just 
our duty—it’s our promise to humanity.” 
Andy Tosh, 
Enterprise Security Executive 
60 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Aligning policies, customer needs and compliance continued 
SSRP enhances supply chain integrity and compliance 
Our SSRP helps us monitor our supply chain with the aim of addressing concerns 
in a timely manner. Bolstering integrity within our supply chain helps our business 
to drive a high level of accountability with our stakeholders. Governments across 
the world are beginning to pass new legislation requiring companies to identify, 
prevent and address the adverse impacts of their activities and those of their 
supply chain on human rights, the environment and good governance. These 
types of legislation aim to promote responsible business conduct and contribute 
to sustainable development goals. 
Our SSRP is intended to set standards for and monitor compliance of HSE 
performance, ethical conduct relating to human rights, fair treatment of workers 
and security. In addition, the program seeks to prevent, detect and appropriately 
respond to any potential violations of the law or Company policies. By 2030, 
we aim to have 80% of our suppliers agreeing to our Supplier Integrity Guide or 
equivalent. 
As a part of the SSRP, all new direct material suppliers are screened and assessed 
for social risks. Suppliers flagged as “high-risk” in these topics are further audited. 
If we find a supplier in violation of the responsibilities outlined in the Supplier 
Integrity Guide, we take immediate action. As of December 31, 2024, we exceeded 
our 90% goal, closing 95.0% of SSRP audit red-flag findings within 90 days. 
As a major equipment manufacturer and service provider, we aim to raise the bar 
of our industry and supply chain through our policies and programs. Our Supplier 
Integrity Guide governs key aspects of our relationships with suppliers, contractors, 
consortium partners and consultants throughout our global supply chain. 
Supplier diversity 
Our goals are to expand a differentiated supply base, drive innovation and gain 
cost efficiencies, all while supporting the communities where we work and live. 
This also helps us stay competitive by building strong relationships with key 
suppliers and customers. Our supply chain leaders are crucial in identifying 
potential small and diverse suppliers and setting priorities for sustained growth, 
Here’s how we increased participation in our Supplier 
Diversity Program: 
Strategic relationships: 
Collaborating with external parties like WeConnect International, Minority 
Supplier Development UK and Houston Minority Supplier Development Council has 
amplified the program’s reach and effectiveness. These collaborations provide 
valuable resources for supplier training and development, creating more 
opportunities for small and diverse-owned businesses. 
Focused leadership: 
Supply chain leaders play a crucial role in identifying and prioritizing small and 
diverse suppliers. Their focus on governance processes and data accuracy 
ensures that the program is both effective and sustainable. 
Global reach: 
The program’s growth in countries like Italy, India and Brazil highlights its global 
impact. Engaging with over 650 diverse and small businesses globally shows the 
program’s extensive reach and influence. 
We continued to expand our supply base and drive 
innovation 
We made significant progress in diversifying our supply chain by actively 
engaging more than 650 diverse and small businesses globally in 2024. We 
experienced substantial growth in both the number of diverse suppliers and 
amount spent (figure 4-3) with diverse suppliers in key markets such as 
Europe and India. With a Tier 1 spend of $591,989,909, an increase of 
56.3% year over year, and a combined Tier 1 and Tier 2 spend of $632,078,253, we 
demonstrated our strong commitment to fostering a diverse supply chain and 
advancing equitable opportunities. Key growth in diverse supplier spend in Italy, 
Brazil and India was largely attributed to the expansion of our comprehensive 
training programs and outreach. 
2023 $379 $31 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Supplier diversity engagement 
Our teams hosted Supplier Diversity Days throughout Italy to educate our 
suppliers on the significance of supplier diversity within the country and to 
highlight our initiatives at Baker Hughes to support this cause. This enhanced 
education and understanding among both our internal teams and our supplier 
portfolio have led to an increase in the identification of 
diverse and small suppliers. Additionally, Anna Strachan 
collaborated with local teams to identify micro, small 
and medium-sized businesses in India as per our 
continued efforts of expanding into the Middle East, 
North Africa and India region. 
WEConnect Conference in Paris, April 2024
From left to right: Luciano Marcantonio and Maria Cristina Martini from M.C Martini SNC,
Susy Di Stasio from Baker Hughes, IET, Anna Strachan from Baker Hughes, HQ and
Jerome Flint from WEConnect International 
Yearwith a strong focus on governance and data accuracy. 
$5922024 $40 
0 $225 $450 $675 
Currency (million USD)
 Tier 1 spend Tier 2 spend 
Figure 4-3: Total amount spent with diverse suppliers compared to the previous year. 
Our diverse supplier spend has increased by 56.3% compared to 2023. 
61 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Aligning policies, customer needs and compliance continued 
Safety and security 
We are committed to protecting our people, workplaces and operations and 
respecting communities globally through proactive risk-based, intelligence-led, 
data-driven security programs and mitigation measures. Our security team 
supports business segments, functions and regions in accordance with our 
global risk and operational structure. The security team oversees the 
administration, governance and implementation of the crisis management and 
business continuity programs through global standards and processes, training, 
exercises and ongoing engagement. 
At the center of our security operations is the Global Intelligence and Travel 
Security Operations Center (GITSOC) focused on monitoring global 
developments, issuing timely updates, administering the travel security 
program for high-risk locations and operating the emergency notification 
system for critical communications and operational impact. 
Other priorities include monitoring global developments while educating and 
equipping employees to recognize, report and prevent an array of potential risks 
Our security personnel focus on human rights 
As a signatory to the UNGC, we align with the principles outlined in the Voluntary 
Principles on Security and Human Rights. In 2021, internal training and awareness 
resources were developed by our security team with the purpose of embedding 
these principles into our operations. Enterprise security personnel and embedded 
security contractors are required to complete annual training on human rights and 
adhere to our Supplier Integrity Guide, which includes guidelines on human rights. 
Aligned with our strategic objective, 100% of our enterprise security personnel, 
including full-time security personnel and embedded contractors, received 
training on human rights in 2024. We integrate principles of security and human 
rights into our requests for proposals and tenders, encouraging all security 
suppliers and contractors to understand and adhere to our commitments to 
ethical business conduct. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS : 
at our workplaces, while traveling or across our operations. Workplace violence, 
natural disasters, terrorism and broader socioeconomic or geopolitical risks are 
some of the potential risks monitored and managed. 
Indoor drones advance sustainability and human rights 
The Enterprise Security team seeks to align with Baker Hughes’ sustainability goals 
by utilizing innovative, cost-effective solutions that decrease carbon emissions 
while improving efficiencies. 
Our security team is progressing toward deploying drones in certain facilities, 
increasing security capability and providing cost effective and sustainable security 
risk mitigation measures. While monitoring construction progress in the U.S. during 
2024, we integrated our security service’s sensors and alarms with our drones’ 
onboard control software. This increases our security alarm detection capabilities 
and further enhances our ability to assess events occurring within the facility. 
 Madeline Woody, Lead Field/
Site Account Specialist, OFSE 
62 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Aligning policies, customer needs and compliance continued 
Enhanced data protection, privacy and 
cybersecurity processes 
We respect rights to data protection and privacy. In 2024, we enhanced our 
cybersecurity, data privacy detection and review procedures from the prior year. 
We did not identify any breaches, thefts or losses of customer personal data in 
2024. We received zero substantiated complaints from external bodies or 
regulatory authorities concerning breaches of customer privacy. We are 
confident that our enhanced detection and review processes will continue 
to provide us with strong management capabilities to help in identifying and 
combating future cybersecurity threats and data privacy incidents. 
We maintain cybersecurity (including data governance and data protection) 
and data privacy compliance programs, to protect our systems and 
information, comply with relevant laws and regulations and maintain a high 
level of trust. Our programs are focused on building digital trust through sound 
oversight of cybersecurity and privacy protections and the responsible use of 
data and technology. We protect our digital systems and data through a 
comprehensive cybersecurity management program and we operate an 
integrated Cyber Fusion Center to coordinate resources, reduce incident 
response time and shift toward a proactive cyber-defense model. 
Oversight responsibilities for our cybersecurity and data privacy compliance 
digital trust compliance programs and risks lie with the Audit Committee of our 
Board of Directors. To emphasize the Board’s commitment to cybersecurity, 
Director Rice obtained the National Association of Corporate Directors’ computer 
emergency response team certificate in Cyber-Risk Oversight in 2023. The Board 
recognizes the rapidly evolving nature of cyber threats and is committed to the 
prevention, timely detection and mitigation of the effects of any such incidents on 
the Company and our stakeholders. Our Audit Committee receives reports on the 
Company’s cybersecurity program and developments from our chief information 
officer and chief information security officer at scheduled Board meetings. These 
reports include analyses of recent cybersecurity threats and incidents across the 
industry, review of our own security controls, assessments and program maturity 
and risk mitigation status. 
Our executive leadership is actively engaged in the oversight and strategic 
Incident reporting and management 
Employees and stakeholders can report cybersecurity threats, privacy 
incidents or other concerns through external and internal reporting channels. 
We have established policies and procedures for responding to cybersecurity 
and privacy incidents, including protocols for escalating to executive 
leadership, engaging external stakeholders and reporting incidents. In response 
to new regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
requiring registrants to disclose material cybersecurity incidents experienced 
and to annually disclose material information regarding their cybersecurity risk 
management, strategy and governance, Baker Hughes has developed a 
Cybersecurity Incident Checklist for SEC Materiality Assessments and Disclosures. 
Cybersecurity 
We leverage the United States National Institute of Standards and Technology 
cybersecurity framework to inform strategic direction and prioritize 
maturity improvement. We engage third-party security experts for risk 
assessments and program enhancements, including vulnerability assessments, 
cybersecurity tabletop exercises and internal phishing awareness campaigns. 
We also maintain information security risk insurance coverage. We did not
 experience a material cybersecurity incident in 2024. 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Cybersecurity Champions 
The Cybersecurity Awareness Champions Program is a group of coworker 
ambassadors dedicated to bringing valuable information, knowledge and tips 
to their respective departments to drive our organization’s cybersecurity. This 
program is centered around the organization’s awareness theme of: Know. Do. 
Share. These ambassadors share best practices throughout the organization to 
help educate and sensitize our employees on spotting cybersecurity risks and 
learning the best ways to protect themselves and our enterprise systems. 
Privacy and digital trust compliance 
Our Global Digital Trust Compliance Program facilitates our business and 
personal information is protected and handled in accordance with applicable 
laws, standards for privacy, cybersecurity and information governance, our 
policies and applicable contractual obligations. The mandate and goal of our 
Digital Trust Compliance Program is to mitigate risks with a trust-centered 
purpose and to drive accountability for compliance business obligations and 
responsible use of data and technology through our Company’s values, our 
Code of Conduct and our integrity programs. The program includes policies and 
procedures, enterprise risk assessment, privacy impact assessments, incident 
response and management, regular internal reviews, mandatory cybersecurity 
and privacy training and ongoing awareness campaigns for our employees to 
understand our policies and compliance requirements relevant to their functions. 
“Cybersecurity is vital to our operations at Baker 
Hughes. As the chief information security officer, I 
recognize that in an era where digital threats are 
ever-evolving, safeguarding our data and systems 
is paramount. By prioritizing cybersecurity, we 
protect our intellectual property, strengthen the 
integrity of our operations and maintain the trust 
of our stakeholders. At Baker Hughes, cybersecurity 
is not just a technical requirement—it’s a 
fundamental aspect of our commitment 
to excellence and resilience.” 
Alan Daines, 
Chief Information Security Officer 
direction of our cybersecurity and data privacy compliance programs along 
with our risk mitigation efforts. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report63

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Uphold high HSE standards 
Our approach to health and safety 
HSE principles are embedded in everything we do and how we work—from 
protecting the safety of our teams, operations and the environment, to maintaining 
compliance with external parties, customers and regulatory requirements. 
Our commitment to HSE starts at the top levels of our Company and is embedded 
throughout all layers of the organization. Our SVP of Enterprise Operations 
Excellence, in partnership with our Enterprise HSE Leader, is responsible for our 
HSE systems and standards. Everyone at Baker Hughes plays a role in driving our 
culture to promote a safe, clean and productive environment to protect our team, 
deliver for our customers and minimize our environmental impact. Continuous 
learning, strong leadership and ongoing dialogue are essential to this process 
and our leaders play a critical role. Leadership engagements are one way we do 
this. These required monthly sessions aim to drive accountability while providing 
a consistent format for leaders to engage with their teams and track progress to 
make improvements over time. 
In 2024, we implemented additional measures for leaders including providing 
targeted messaging for engagements and reference materials. Our leaders 
champion HSE and compliance by logging leadership engagements and 
monthly scorecards monitor progress throughout the year. An expanded system 
allowed us to track a wider selection of engagement categories and 
introduced a mobile application, which allows us to monitor engagements in 
real-time. 
All employees and contractors have a responsibility and are empowered to 
actively own HSE to help in ensuring the health and safety of everyone around 
them. In 2024, we logged 1,673,134 HSE observations, a 16.0% increase in 
observations from the prior year. One of the ways employees participate in owning 
HSE is by submitting observations for behaviors or conditions that should be 
recognized as best practices or if there is a concern and intervention is required. 
The health and safety of our employees and contractors is non-negotiable. We 
strive to instill a continuous improvement mindset in everything we do, utilizing 
numerous sources of data to drive a reduction in the frequency and significance 
of incidents. These leading and lagging indicators provide tremendous value in 
terms of targeting improvement areas and maturing our safety culture enterprise 
wide. In addition to the goals stated within our sustainability strategy, we have 
also included new goals aimed at reducing hand and line-of-fire incidents, as 
well as reducing the occurrence of Fatality and Permanent Impairment incidents. 
Here’s how we performed in 2024: 
• Average hours of HSE training for employees increased to 6.5 hours, a 
4.9% increase YoY, indicative of a positive trend towards enhancing 
employee safety and health education. 
• Leadership engagements remained high at 66,784, which showed a strong 
commitment from leadership towards HSE initiatives. Engagement levels 
often correlate with better implementation of safety practices and policies. 
• ISO 45001:2018 certified sites increased to 71 sites. This certification focuses 
on occupational health and safety management systems, exemplifying our 
robust framework for managing workplace safety. 
• Our EMS reflects our commitment to sustainable practices and 
environmental responsibility. In total, we had 90 sites certified to ISO 
14001:2015. 
• TRIR decreased by 10.7% YoY to 0.25 demonstrating that the safety measures 
and training are effectively reducing the number of incidents. 
• Total Recordable Illnesses increased to 23 cases in 2024. Improvements to 
our evaluation process and rigor did result in a higher number of recordable 
illnesses, but helped us with accuracy in our reporting. 
“In an ever rapidly evolving energy market, our 
pledge to drive safety, health and environmental 
stewardship stands at the forefront of our mission. 
We strive for excellence in our HSE practices, 
exploring innovative solutions to mitigate risks 
and ensure sustainability. Nurturing a proactive 
safety culture and championing environmental 
responsibility, we set the stage for a greener, 
healthier and safer future for everyone.” 
Saverio Gradassi,
 IET Global HSE and Sustainability Director 
SPOTLIGHT ON PROGRESS: 
Enhanced HSE training and risk management in 2024 
Our HSE training helps to educate and maintain our employee’s knowledge 
of safe working practices and procedures, increase awareness of risks and lower 
our incident rate. Our management maintains a goal of all Perfect HSE Days for 
our operations annually, helping to maintain vigilance for our safety culture. 
Measuring and analyzing impacts that reduce our Perfect HSE Days enable us 
to reflect and improve. 
We are committed to acting responsibly and promoting a healthy, secure and 
respectful environment for our people, customers, partners and communities in 
which we operate. Our HSE Management System is an enterprise-wide framework 
that drives continuous improvement in our performance and legal compliance 
across our operations globally. It includes more than 50 global operational control 
procedures that detail minimum requirements for managing HSE risk in our 
operations, which apply to all our employees, sites and operations globally, 
including contractors and third parties working on behalf of Baker Hughes. 
These policies and procedures conform to recognized ISO requirements. 
We use a risk-based approach to identify hazards that could lead to adverse 
HSE impacts or cause processes to deviate from planned results. Our risk 
management process includes hazard identification, risk analysis and risk 
mitigation. The hazards identified as contributing to cases of illness during the 
reporting period are associated with exposure to extreme environmental 
temperatures and repetitive motion work activities. Continued governance 
and focus on implementing a work and rest schedule for extreme heat 
environments and educational communications have been developed to alert 
the organization of the hazard and potential risk control options. Although the 
occurrence of repetitive motion musculoskeletal disorders is not common for 
our work, efforts are underway to improve occupational ergonomics for our teams. 
64 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Uphold high HSE standards continued 
Our comprehensive process safety management 
aligns with industry best practices 
Our process safety management program is aligned to industry standards and 
best practices to prevent or mitigate uncontrolled releases of hazardous material 
and energy that can result in catastrophic safety or environmental consequences. 
The program is underpinned by process safety operations fundamentals and 
includes global and business-specific procedures, risk assessments, barrier 
verification checklists, training and threat response drills, as well as core 
management system elements customized for process safety such as 
management of change, audits and incident management. 
Process safety projects are ongoing within both business segments. Process 
safety audits are conducted for performance assurance, including execution 
of an audit strategy targeted at high-risk or critical operations within specific 
business units. These audits help to maintain sustainable performance of process 
safety risk management across the enterprise. Learnings from incidents are used 
to improve the quality of task execution for safety critical operations as a key 
to reducing risk as low as reasonably practicable. Process safety operations 
fundamentals were designed as a human performance aid to continually 
reinforce the most foundational requirements and behaviors necessary to 
prevent fatal process safety events. 
Process safety events include challenges to the overall barrier system, loss of 
primary containment and well control incidents, all of which included in our 
leading and lagging performance indicators. We place strong emphasis on our 
leading indicators, which enables us to proactively measure risk and extract 
actionable insights without the impacts of high consequence events. 
Project-based process safety collaboration occurs internally and externally. 
Engagement with customers, industry and regulatory agencies occur continually 
to advance process safety performance through learnings and sharing of best 
practices. Other contributions to industry include technical publications, 
presentations, chairing technical sessions and active contribution to industry 
committees and workgroups. 
Our ambition to achieve zero consequence process safety events drives our 
strategy and approach, which is centered around the following principles: 
• Process safety hazards and risks are understood across the Company. 
• Process safety is intrinsic to product and service delivery. 
• Sound risk mitigation is applied through operational and asset integrity. 
• Process safety is sustained through continual learning and improvement. 
Enhancing global occupational health programs 
Baker Hughes continued to invest in the occupational health risk identification 
of our workers in 2024. Our medical staff lead global programs such as Fit for 
Remote Assignment Medical Exam (FRAME) and Malaria Prevention Program, 
which are designed to reduce risk by assessing fitness for duty and to help keep 
our employees healthy so that they can safely deliver our services and products 
for our customers. We also oversee policies and procedures around medical 
surveillance and maintain relationships with medical vendors globally to support 
the needs of the enterprise. 
Global disability accommodation 
Within our Global Occupational Health team, our medical staff are developing 
policy and procedure guidance that will ensure all employees with disabilities 
have access to an interactive process to discuss options for reasonable 
accommodations in the workplace. Our employee well-being is linked to how 
we address matters of privacy, compliance and discrimination. 
The team continues to assess and support activities globally and to collaborate 
with professionals across the business to develop the necessary information 
and documents for people leaders, employees and candidates with regards to 
disability accommodation. Our discussions factor in confidentiality, worker safety, 
local laws and regulations, business needs and essential job functions. 
Our U.S. Accommodation policy is based on the Americans with Disabilities Act 
and the new Pregnant Workers Fairness Act. New policies and tools under 
development will enhance guidance for existing processes related to supporting 
women’s health, transitional work and travel. Plans for the coming year include 
finalizing documents, tools, position statements, communicating and educating 
leaders and employees. This helps us to support efforts to recruit and retain 
diverse talent. 
Fit for Remote Assignment Medical Exam Program 
The FRAME program establishes a global standard process for employees who 
are assigned to work offshore, at onshore remote locations or at customer sites 
requiring medical clearance. This program requires employees undergo a 
comprehensive medical examination to assess their readiness to work in remote 
environments. The program is managed by third-party administrators who 
promote the use of quality occupational medical providers and standardized 
medical protocols to drive consistency against industry standards and help 
ensure that medical privacy is maintained. Workers contracted by us to do remote 
or offshore field services work are required to undergo an equivalent medical 
examination. 
Here are the benefits from FRAME: 
• We confirm field employees are authentically ready for remote assignment 
mobilization versus “having a certificate.” 
• We align and arrange supporting exams to assure compliance to customer 
and country requirements. 
• Mobilization teams can schedule in advance and avoid mobilization 
interruptions. 
• Health, safety and medical teams can focus on leading indicators, detecting 
and mitigating health risks to workers in remote assignment locations. 
• Certificate outcomes clearly include any restrictions to help ensure safe 
assignments. 
• Reduced risk of negative outcomes from serious medical events occurring in 
remote or offshore locations with delays to medical care. 
Teresa Caruso, Niccolo Puliti, 
Aspire associates, IET 
65 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Uphold high HSE standards continued 
Employee health and privacy 
We emphasize the protection of personal information, including personal health 
data. We do not routinely house or capture personal health-related information 
unless required, such as for medical accommodations or as they may relate to 
work incidents. In situations where we collect personal health information, we 
implement strict access control and confidentiality policies including, but not 
limited to, our Personnel Privacy Notice and our Data Privacy Policy. All personal 
health information on workers is maintained through our independent and highly 
vetted third-party vendors that administer our benefit programs. Should any 
personal health-related information be collected, we have strict access control 
measures designed to limit visibility and management of data to only those 
required for the business process. 
Malaria Prevention Program 
The Malaria Prevention Program establishes requirements for a malaria 
control plan (MCP) to protect personal health. The program focuses on educating 
and preparing employees who are traveling to malaria-risk areas and outlines 
prevention measures that should be taken by Baker Hughes worksites located in 
malaria-risk areas. Travelers are provided ABCD education (Awareness, Bite 
Prevention, Chemoprophylaxis and early Diagnosis) through the travel booking 
process. In addition, travelers are informed about how to obtain preventive 
medication and supplies, personal behaviors to avoid mosquito bites and how 
and when to seek medical attention. Worksites are required to have controls in 
place to prevent breeding grounds for mosquitoes. Site-based Malaria Control 
Officers assist with providing training to local employees, distributing prevention 
supplies to incoming employees and visitors and supporting the investigation of 
confirmed malaria cases. 
In 2024, we added important educational information to our program regarding 
G6PD deficiency, an inherited enzyme deficiency that affects red blood cells. 
G6PD is the most common metabolic deficiency globally but has a unique 
connection to malaria as it can put an employee at risk during malaria 
treatment. This new educational material allows employees and providers to 
understand the importance of knowing G6PD status, risk of taking certain malaria 
chemoprophylaxis or treatment medicine and the necessity to communicate 
their status if being tested or treated for malaria. We require 
customer-controlled facilities to have a Malaria Control Officer 
in place. Where possible, the customer should implement or 
support the Baker Hughes Malaria Prevention Program per the 
terms of the Baker Hughes and customer master contract. 
66 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
Tuberculosis 
We recognize the global risk and prevalence of Tuberculosis (TB). This year we 
began the development of a Company policy regarding TB testing and case 
management. This procedure will contain guidance for teams and employees 
regarding customer required testing compliance as well as clinically indicated 
testing. We are working to develop educational materials to provide to 
employees about the risks of TB and the circumstances to report exposure. 
These materials will also give guidance to teams and stakeholders about case 
management, compliance to local public health guidance and will document 
safe handling of TB medical records. 
Alaa Albusaeedi, Field Engineer, IET

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index
Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Appendices 
We are constantly enhancing our methods for tracking, measuring and reporting sustainability data, adhering to the best 
practices in sustainability reporting. We ensure the data we report is reliable and verified, and we remain dedicated to 
maintaining transparency regarding the quality of our data. The processes and controls that govern the information in this 
report are well-defined. Once the process owners review and approve each Key Performance Indicator (KPI) and metric, the 
report is drafted and the data is then reviewed by our internal audit team. Our internal auditors employ stringent monitoring 
procedures that reflect financial data governance and internal auditing standards to improve the accuracy of our reporting. 
Appendix A – Standard Alignment Tables 
The indices below demonstrate how we report with reference to or in alignment with specific frameworks relevant to our 
industry and recognized sustainability standards. This information relies on the best available data at the time of publication 
and may be updated. In certain instances, the data is estimated and relies solely on our interpretation and judgment. 
The tables are presented as follows: 
Metrics retired in 2024 
In conjunction with our commitment to reporting reliable investor-grade data, we are simultaneously committed to providing 
transparency in what we disclose and how we decide to retire metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs) that are no 
longer in line with the changing regulatory landscape. We conduct a thorough review following documented processes, 
requiring the approval of our Chief Sustainability Officer to determine if and when to retire metrics or KPIs. The below denotes 
the metrics retired as of this cycle and the reasoning. 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index 
Disclosures are prepared with reference to or in accordance with with select GRI standards or GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 
Standard 2021 when identified with an asterisk (*). 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index 
Disclosures are prepared with reference to or in accordance with SASB Gas Services Industry Standard–Extractives and 
Minerals Processing Sector Standard. 
Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index 
Disclosures are prepared using Baker Hughes 2024 financial and sustainability disclosures and with reference to TCFD 
recommendations. 
CDP Index 
The index aligns to to CDP’s questionnaire and disclosures are prepared with reference to or in accordance with CDP's 
guidance and structure. 
67 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report 
Appendix B – Statements and Notes with Independent Accountants’ Report 
An Independent Accountants' Report precedes the related People, Planet and Principles reporting. 
Our People, Planet and Principles data are presented as follows: 
People: 
• Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
Planet: 
• Statements and Notes on GHG Carbon Dioxide Equivalent (CO2e) Emissions 
• Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
• Statement and Notes on TCFD Metrics 
Principles 
• Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
Glossary of Terms 
Appendix C – Stakeholder Engagement 
Our stakeholder engagement table provides transparency and accountability by describing the various methods and 
processes by which a broad spectrum of both internal and external stakeholders are engaged. The table identifies key 
stakeholder groups, methods of engagement including frequency and examples.

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
Appendix A: 
Standard Alignment Tables 
Metrics retired in 2024 
Metric KPI Reasoning 
Local Spend # Local spend Due to system constraints, data analysis for certain suppliers is not possible, necessitating the discontinuation of reporting. 
Local Spend % Local Spend Due to system constraints, data analysis for certain suppliers is not possible, necessitating the discontinuation of reporting. 
Customer Data Privacy # of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data Data disclosure has been suspended to mitigate security risks and ensure the protection of sensitive information. 
Professional development planning with manager # of employees completing professional development planning with their manager Due to lack of alignment with GRI requirements, these KPIs were retired. 
Employees in leadership programs # of employees participating in each leadership development program - ASCEND The ASCEND program was sunsetted in 2023. 
Regular performance and career development 
reviews 
% of PB+ employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by gender - Men Due to lack of alignment with GRI requirements, these KPIs were retired. 
% of PB+ employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by gender - Women 
% of PB+ employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by gender - Gender undeclared 
% of PB+ employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by gender - No gender selected 
68 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
GRI Index 
GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data 
General disclosure 
Organizational details Baker Hughes Company 
575 N. Dairy Ashford Rd., Suite 100, Houston, Texas U.S. 
2-1 
Reporting period, frequency and contact point January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024; Annual reporting: April 29, 2025; SustainabilityTeam@bakerhughes.com 
Form 10-K 
2-2 Form 10-K 
2-3 
Restatements of information Base year 
Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting 
2-4 
Refer to Appendix B Independent Accountants Report 
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships a: Who we are, pp. 6-16 
Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
2-5 External assurance ' 
Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
b: Information unavailable 
d: Who we are, pp. 6-12 
a:b (iv:v): People, pp. 17-33 Employees 
2-7 
b:c: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
d:e: Our People, pp. 19-21 
a: Our People, p. 19 Workers who are not employees 
2-8 
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 2025 Proxy Statement 
2-12
2-13
2-14 
2-15 Conflicts of interest 2025 Proxy Statement 
Communication of critical concerns 
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body 2025 Proxy Statement 
2-9 Governance structure and composition 2025 Proxy Statement 
b:c Information unavailable 
Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting Governance of sustainability, p. 55 
Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts Corporate governance, p. 54 
Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Corporate governance, p. 54 
2-16 Open reporting and consultation, p. 57 
b: Data not available due to confidentiality constraints 
Our Board of Directors consists of corporate leaders with expertise in substantive areas that guide our corporate strategy and objectives, including our sustainability strategy. In furtherance of Collective knowledge of the highest governance body 
2-17 
its responsibility to oversee the Company’s position on corporate social responsibility and public issues of significance that affect investors and other key stakeholders, the Governance and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee reviews the composition of the Board on an annual basis in order to ensure that the collective knowledge, skills and experience of the Board aligns with 
the Company’s sustainability goals. In addition, the Committee recommends director candidates for annual election, and identifies desired skills, experience and capabilities. The Committee 
strives to maintain a Board with varied expertise and perspective and one that reflects diversity, including but not limited to gender, ethnicity, background and experience. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report69

General Disclosure 
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body Our Board of Directors is committed to overseeing the integration of sustainability principles throughout the organization. The Board receives updates around our sustainability strategy and 
long-term sustainability objectives on a periodic basis. While our full Board is tasked with sustainability oversight, some of its committees have responsibility for certain aspects of the 
sustainability strategy. The Human Capital and Compensation Committee reviews human capital management metrics. The Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee oversees 
the Company’s positions on corporate social responsibility and has been charged by the Board with oversight responsibility of the Company’s environmental matters as well as assessing its 
sustainability strategy and initiatives, including the publication of our Corporate Sustainability Report. In addition, the Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee receives regular 
reports from management on the Company’s environmental risk and sustainability priorities, including progress on achieving our net-zero emission goals, our sustainability reporting 
frameworks and sustainability ratings. The Audit Committee monitors compliance, human rights concerns and ethics risks. 
As reflected in our Governance Principles, the Board performs an annual self-evaluation led by the lead independent director. As a component of the annual evaluation, each director is asked 
to provide an assessment around the effectiveness of the Board and its committees. The Board utilizes the results of its annual self-evaluation to identify areas of improvement and 
strengthen corporate governance practices. The Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee monitors the process to assess the effectiveness of the Board. On a periodic basis, the 
lead independent director has engaged independent governance experts to facilitate the evaluation process. 
2-19 Remuneration policies a:b The Human Capital and Compensation Committee reviews the executive and director compensation each year to ensure that compensation aligns with the Company’s long term 
strategies. 
Our policies around executive compensation reinforce market-aligned and pay for performance compensation programs. The Human Capital and Compensation Committee has 
responsibility for reviewing the relationship between our risk management policies and practices, corporate strategy and senior executive compensation and assessing whether any such risk 
is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
Additional details on our Board of Director’s compensation and our executive compensation policies and programs, including the process for determining remuneration, can be found in the 
Compensation, Discussion and Analysis section of our 2025 Proxy Statement as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 2025 Proxy Statement 
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio 2025 Proxy Statement 
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy A letter from our leaders, p. 4 
2-23 Policy commitments Championing ethics and compliance, pp. 56-57 
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Championing ethics and compliance, pp. 56-57 
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Championing ethics and compliance, pp. 56-57 
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Open reporting and consultation, p. 57 
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Material legal actions, if any, are reported in our Form 10-K 
2-28 Membership associations Assessing sustainability topics- GRI materiality, p. 14 
Appendix C: Stakeholder Engagement 
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Assessing sustainability topics- GRI materiality, p. 14 
Appendix C: Stakeholder Engagement 
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements a: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
b: Data not available due to confidentiality constraints 
Material topics 
3-1 Process to determine material topics Assessing sustainability topics- GRI materiality, p. 14 
3-2 List of material topics GRI materiality assessment - 2024, p. 16 
3-3* Management of material topics People, pp. 17-33; Planet, pp. 34-51; Principles, pp. 52-66 
Economic performance 
201-1* Direct economic value generated and distributed Our economic impact, p. 6 
Tax by country and economic value generated are not reported due to confidentiality constraints. 
201-2* Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change Managing opportunities and risks due to climate change and transition to low-carbon economy, p. 51 
201-4* Financial assistance received from government Information unavailable 
Market presence 202-2* Proportion of senior management hired from the local community Information unavailable 
Indirect economic impact 
203-1* Infrastructure investments and services supported Information unavailable 
203-2* Significant indirect economic impacts Information unavailable 
Anti-corruption 
205-1* Operations assessed for risks related to corruption a: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
All business segments assessed. 
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption, p. 56 
205-2* Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures a,b,d,e: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
Data not provided by region or employee category. Data regarding business partners (205-2c) is unavailable. 
205-3* Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Data is not available due to confidentiality constraints 
Anti-competitive behavior 206-1* Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust and monopoly practices Form 10-K 
GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
           
         
     
          
    
        
       
         
           
       
    
      
 
     
  
       
       
  
 
    
  
  
   
  
    
  
 
  
 
     
  
   
  
       
  
 
      
 
   
  
  
       
  
 
        
    
     
   
70

Tax 
207-1* Approach to tax Tax, p. 59 
207-2* Tax governance, control and risk management Tax, p. 59 
207-3* Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax Tax, p. 59 
207-4* Country-by-country reporting Information unavailable 
Energy 
302-1* Energy consumption within the organization Zero-carbon energy, p. 40 
Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
c: Information unavailable 
302-2* Energy consumption outside the organization Information unavailable 
302-3* Energy intensity a: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
b:d: information unavailable 
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption a:b: Actions, not offsets, drive real change, p. 40 
c:d: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
Water and effluents 
303-1* Interactions with water as a shared resource a: Water stewardship, p. 48 
b: information unavailable 
c: Water stewardship, p. 48 
d: Information unavailable 
303-2* Management of water discharge-related impacts a: Information unavailable. 
303-3* Water withdrawal a:b: Water stewardship, p. 48; Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
c. Information unavailable 
d: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
303-4* Water discharge a: Water stewardship, p. 48; Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
b:d: Information unavailable 
e: Water stewardship, p. 48; Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
303-5* Water consumption a:b: Water stewardship, p. 48; Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
c: Information unavailable 
d: Water stewardship, p. 48; Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
Biodiversity 
304-1* Operational sites owned, leased, managed in or adjacent to protected areas and areas 
of high biodiversity value outside protected areas 
Protecting biodiversity and natural capital, p 50 
304-2* Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity Information unavailable 
304-3* Habitats protected or restored a: Information unavailable. 
b: Protecting biodiversity and natural capital, p. 50 
c:d: Information unavailable. 
304-4* IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas 
affected by operations 
Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
Emissions 
305-1* Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions Emissions are reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol. 
a:g: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
305-2* Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions Emissions are reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol. 
a:g: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
305-3* Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions Emissions are reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol. 
a:g: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
305-4* GHG emissions intensity Emissions are reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol. 
a:d: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
305-5* Reduction of GHG emissions Scope 1 and 2 emissions, p. 37 
Emissions are reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol. 
a:e: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) Not reported, not applicable 
305-7* Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and other significant air emissions Information unavailable 
GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
  
    
 
    
   
 
     
 
       
    
    
 
  
 
   
       
     
       
 
       
       
 
       
      
 
 
      
  
   
 
            
  
    
  
    
  
    
  
    
   
 
    
      
    
71

Waste (2020) 
306-1* Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts a: Waste management and circular economy, p. 47 
306-2* Management of significant waste-related impacts a:c: Waste management and circular economy, p. 47 
306-3* Waste generated a:b Waste management and circular economy, p. 47 
a:b Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
306-4* Waste diverted from disposal a:d: Waste management and circular economy, p. 47 
a:e: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
306-4* Waste directed to disposal a:d: Waste management and circular economy, p. 47 
a:e: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
Effluents and waste (2016) 306-3* Significant spills Spills and releases, p. 49 
Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
Supplier Environmental 
Assessment 
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Information unavailable. 
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken c: Buffering sustainability risks through our Enterprise Risk Management process, p. 55 
a,b,d,e: Information unavailable. 
Employment 
401-1* New employee hires and employee turnover a: Total number in Appendix B: Statements and Notes on People Metrics; rate information unavailable 
b: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
401-2* Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-
time employees 
a: Recognize and reward, p.27; Baker Hughes Rewards and Benefits 
b: Our significant operations are those where we conduct manufacturing, assembly, maintenance and service operations. 
401-3* Parental leave a:c: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
d:e: Information unavailable 
Labor/Management relations 402-1* Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes a: We comply with local laws and collective bargaining agreements pertaining to operational changes. Notice periods vary by geography but are generally at least one month. 
b: Information unavailable 
Occupational health and 
safety 
403-1* Occupational health and safety management system Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
Our comprehensive process safety management aligns with industry best practices, p. 65 
403-2* Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident investigation Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
403-3* Occupational health services Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
Our comprehensive process safety management aligns with industry best practices, p. 65 
403-4* Worker participation, consultation and communication on occupational health and 
safety 
Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
Our comprehensive process safety management aligns with industry best practices, p. 65 
403-5* Worker training on occupational health and safety Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
403-6* Promotion of worker health Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
403-7* Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by 
business relationships 
Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
Our comprehensive process safety management aligns with industry best practices, p. 65 
403-8* Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
403-9* Work-related injuries Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
Our comprehensive process safety management aligns with industry best practices, p. 65 
Formula for calculating TRIR: number of recordable cases, multiplied by 200,000, divided by number of hours worked. Total hours worked is calculated using factors based on job family data for 
each employee, such as length of shift and overtime typical of job families. 
Data is not available due to confidentiality constraints and some information is unavailable for non-employees due to data limitations. 
403-10* Work-related ill health Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
Uphold high HSE standards, pp. 64-66 
Training and education 
404-1* Average hours of training per year per employee a: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
404-2* Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs a:b: Engage and develop, pp. 24-26 
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews 
a: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
Diversity and equal 
opportunity 
405-1* Diversity of governance bodies and employees a: 2025 Proxy Statement 
b: Appendix B: Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
405-2* Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men Information not available due to confidentiality constraints 
Non-discrimination 406-1* Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken Information not available due to confidentiality constraints 
Freedom of association and 
collective bargaining 
407-1* Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective 
bargaining may be at risk 
Information unavailable 
GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
    
      
  
     
    
      
   
      
   
     
 
   
       
 
       
    
         
      
    
 
         
 
  
      
     
 
     
  
     
 
  
  
 
 
     
   
    
      
         
     
     
    
 
      
    
       
 
   
    
   
    
     
 
72

Child labor 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor a:b: Information unavailable 
c: Human rights, p. 59; SSRP enhances supply chain integrity and compliance, p. 61 
Forced or compulsory labor 409-1* Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor a: Information unavailable. 
b: Human rights, p. 59; SSRP enhances supply chain integrity and compliance, p. 61 
Rights of indigenous peoples 411-1* Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples Information unavailable 
Local communities 
413-1* Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments and development 
programs 
Information unavailable 
413-2* Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local 
communities 
Form 10-K. 
Supplier social assessment 
414-1* New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Information unavailable 
414-2* Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken Appendix B: Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
c:e: Information unavailable 
Public policy 415-1* Political contributions 2024 Political Contributions Report 
Customer health and safety 416-1* Assessment of the health and safety impacts of product and service categories Information unavailable 
Customer privacy 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of 
customer data 
Enhanced data protection, privacy and cybersecurity processes, p. 63 
GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
        
     
        
     
      
     
   
   
      
 
  
     
        
73

Index to SASB sector standards 
Sector Topic Accounting metric Code Information reference 
Oil and Gas 
Services 
Emission reduction services and fuels management Total fuel consumed, percentage renewable, percentage used in: (1) on-road equipment and vehicles 
and (2) off-road equipment 
EM-SV-110a.1 (1) Total Fuel Consumption: 5,943,523 GJ 
(2) 0% 
(3-1), (3-2) Data not available 
Discussion of strategy or plans to address air emissions-related risks, opportunities and impacts EM-SV-110a.2 Planet, p. 34-51 
Percentage of engines in service that meet Tier 4 compliance for non-road diesel engine emissions EM-SV-110a.3 Data not available 
Water Management Services (1) Total volume of fresh water handled in operations, (2) percentage recycled EM-SV-140a.1 (1) Total water withdrawal: 2,687,495 m
3 
Total water consumption: 496,837 m
3 
Total water discharge: 2,190,658 m
3 
(2) Standard not applicable 
Discussion of strategy or plans to address water consumption and disposal-related risks, opportunities 
and impacts 
EM-SV-140a.2 Water stewardship, p. 48 
Chemicals Management Volume of hydraulic fracturing fluid used, percentage hazardous EM-SV-150a.1 (1)(2) Data not available 
Discussion of strategy or plans to address chemical-related risks, opportunities and impacts EM-SV-150a.2 Managing chemicals, p. 49 
Ecological Impact Management Average disturbed acreage per (1) oil and (2) gas well site EM-SV-160a.1 (1)(2) Standard not applicable 
Discussion of strategy or plan to address risks and opportunities related to ecological impacts from core 
activities 
EM-SV-160a.2 Protecting biodiversity and natural capital, p. 50 
Workforce Health and Safety (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near miss frequency rate (NMFR), (4) total 
vehicle incident rate (TVIR) and (5) average hours of health, safety and emergency response training for 
(a) full-time employees, (b) contract employees and (c) short-service employees 
EM-SV-320a.1 (1a) 0.25 
(1b:c) Data not available 
(2a), (2b), (2c) Data not available 
(3a), (3b), (3c)  Data not available 
(4a), (4b), (4c)  Data not available 
(5a) 6.46 hours 
(5b) 1.10 hours 
(5c) 3.73 hours 
Workforce Health and Safety Description of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety throughout the value chain 
and project lifecycle 
EM-SV-320a.2 Our comprehensive process safety management aligns 
with industry best practices, p. 65 
Business Ethics and Payments Transparency Description of the management system for prevention of corruption and bribery throughout the value 
chain 
EM-SV-510a.2 Championing ethics and compliance, p. 56-57 
Management of the Legal and Regulatory Environment Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy proposals that 
address environmental and social factors affecting the industry 
EM-SV-530a.1 Managing opportunities and risks due to climate 
change and transition to low-carbon economy, p. 51 
Assessing sustainability topics- Global Reporting Index 
materiality p. 14 
Appendix C: Stakeholder Engagement 
Oil and Gas 
Services 
Critical Incident Risk Management Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate catastrophic and tail-end risks EM-SV-540a.1 Our comprehensive process safety management 
aligns with industry best practices, p. 65 
Oil and Gas 
Exploration 
and 
Production 
Biodiversity Impacts (1) Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, (2) volume in Arctic, (3) volume impacting 
shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10 and (4) volume recovered 
EM-EP-160a.2 (1) 32 barrels of oil; 7 barrels of fuel 
(2) 0 barrels 
(3) 201 barrels 
(4) 36 barrels 
Oil and Gas 
Services 
Activity Metrics Number of active rig sites EM-SV-000.A Standard not applicable 
Number of active well sites EM-SV-000.B Standard not applicable 
Total amount of drilling performed EM-SV-000.C Standard not applicable 
Total number of hours worked by all employees EM-SV-000.D Data not available 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
74

TCFD Index 
1. Governance 
TCFD Recommendations Disclosure content and references 
Describe the board's oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. Corporate governance, p. 54 
Governance of sustainability, p. 55 
Describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-
related risks and opportunities. 
Governance of sustainability, p. 55 
2. Strategy 
TCFD Recommendations Disclosure content and references 
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium and long-term. 
• Assessing sustainability topics- GRI materiality, p. 14 
• Managing opportunities and risk due to climate change and 
transition to low-carbon economy, p. 51 
•  Form 10-K, Risk Factors, p. 16 
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the 
organization's businesses, strategy and financial planning. 
• A letter from our leaders, p. 4 
• Assessing sustainability topics- GRI materiality, p. 14 
• Managing opportunities and risk due to climate change and 
transition to low-carbon economy, p. 51 
Describe the resilience of the organization's strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or 
lower scenario. 
• Managing opportunities and risk due to climate change and 
transition to low-carbon economy, p. 51 
3. Risk Management 
TCFD Recommendations Disclosure content and references 
Describe the organization's processes for identifying and assessing 
climate-related risks. 
• Assessing sustainability topics- GRI materiality, p. 14 
• Our Planet strategy, p. 35 
• Managing opportunities and risk due to climate change and 
transition to low-carbon economy, p. 51 
Describe the organization's processes for managing climate-related 
risks. 
• Planet, p. 34-51 
• Managing opportunities and risk due to climate change and 
transition to low-carbon economy, p. 51 
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing 
climate-related risks are integrated into the organization's overall risk 
management. 
• Buffering sustainability risks through our Enterprise Risk 
Management process, p. 55 
4. Metrics and Targets 
TCFD Recommendations Disclosure content and references 
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management 
process. 
• Emissions are reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol. Refer 
to Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions and 
Appendix B: Statement and Notes on TCFD Metrics. 
Disclose scope 1, scope 2 and, if appropriate, scope 3 GHG emissions and 
the related risks. 
• Emissions are reported in accordance with the GHG Protocol. Refer 
to Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions and 
Appendix B: Statement and Notes on TCFD Metrics. 
Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-
related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. 
• Our Planet strategy, p. 35 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
75

Provide details of the environmental opportunities identified which have had a substantive effect on your organization in the reporting year, or are anticipated to have a substantive effect on your organization in the future. 
Opportunity type and primary environmental opportunity 
driver 
Value chain stage where the opportunity occurs Primary financial effect of the opportunity Time horizon over which the opportunity is anticipated to 
have a substantive effect on the organization 
Likelihood of the opportunity having an effect within the 
anticipated time horizon 
Development of new products or services through research 
and development and innovation 
Direct operations Increased revenues resulting from increased demand for 
products and services 
Medium-term Likely (66–100%) 
Strategy to realize opportunity 
Our future success may depend upon our ability to effectively execute on our energy transition strategy. Our strategy depends on our ability to develop additional innovative technologies and work with our customers and partners to advance new energy solutions such as carbon capture utilization and 
storage (CCUS), hydrogen energy, geothermal and other integrated solutions. If the energy transition landscape changes faster than anticipated or faster than we can transition or if we fail to execute our energy transition strategy as planned, demand for our technologies and services or access to credit 
could be adversely affected. 
Does your organization have a board of directors or an equivalent governing body? 
Frequency with which the board or equivalent meets Types of directors your board or equivalent is comprised of 
Quarterly Executive directors or equivalent 
Non-executive directors or equivalent 
Independent non-executive directors or equivalent 
Positions of the individuals or committees on the board with accountability for environmental issues and provide details of the board’s oversight of environmental issues. 
Positions of individuals or committees with accountability 
for this environmental issue 
Policies which outline the positions’ accountability for this 
environmental issue 
Frequency with which this environmental issue is a scheduled agenda item 
Board chair Board Terms of Reference Scheduled agenda item in every board meeting (standing agenda item) 
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Board mandate 
Board-level committee Individual role descriptions 
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) 
Governance mechanisms into which this environmental issue is integrated Explanation 
Overseeing the setting of corporate targets Approving corporate policies and/or commitments Refer to the We ensure sustainable governance section of the report. 
Monitoring progress towards corporate targets Monitoring compliance with corporate policies and/or 
commitments 
Overseeing and guiding major capital expenditures Overseeing and guiding acquisitions, mergers and 
divestitures 
Overseeing and guiding scenario analysis Overseeing and guiding the development of a business 
strategy 
Reviewing and guiding the assessment process for 
dependencies, impacts, risks and opportunities 
Monitoring the implementation of the business strategy 
Overseeing reporting, audit and verification processes Overseeing and guiding major capital expenditures 
Overseeing and guiding the development of a climate 
transition plan 
Does your organization’s board have competency on environmental issues? 
Board-level competency on this environmental issue Mechanisms to maintain an environmentally competent board 
Yes The Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee evaluates Board composition regularly and identifies skills, experience and capabilities desirable for new directors in light of the Company’s business and strategy, including 
sustainability and digital/AI experience. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
   
 
CDP Index 
76

Provide the highest senior management-level positions or committees with responsibility for environmental issues (do not include the names of individuals). 
Position of individual or committee with responsibility Environmental responsibilities of this position Reporting line Frequency of reporting to the board on environmental 
issues 
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) Managing annual budgets related to environmental issues Setting corporate environmental targets SVP, Enterprise Operational Excellence Quarterly 
Managing major capital and/or operational expenditures 
relating to environmental issues 
Measuring progress towards environmental corporate 
targets 
Providing employee incentives related to environmental 
performance 
Managing public policy engagement related to 
environmental issues 
Implementing a climate transition plan Managing value chain engagement related to 
environmental issues 
Implementing the business strategy related to 
environmental issues 
Assessing environmental dependencies, impacts, risks and 
opportunities 
Conducting environmental scenario analysis Managing environmental dependencies, impacts, risks and 
opportunities 
Environmental, Social, Governance committee Assessing environmental dependencies, impacts, risks and 
opportunities 
Managing environmental dependencies, impacts, risks and 
opportunities 
Reports to the board directly Quarterly 
SVP, Enterprise Operational Excellence Implementing a climate transition plan Conducting environmental scenario analysis Reports to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Quarterly 
Explanation 
The primary responsibility for developing, managing and executing our climate priorities rests with our management team. Our CSO oversees our sustainability strategy and serves as the primary point of contact on day-to-day sustainability matters. Additionally, the CSO chairs our Sustainability Steering 
Team that, together with subject matter working teams, manages our sustainability priorities, sets goals, monitors our progress and coordinates our sustainability reporting. 
The Board Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee has oversight responsibility for our environmental matters including monitoring our sustainability strategy and initiatives and management of sustainability-related risks. The Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee receives 
regular reports from management on the Company’s environmental, health and safety, corporate responsibility and sustainability activities and risks, including risks related to climate change, among others. The Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee also oversees the publication of our 
Corporate Sustainability Report. 
Our SVP, Enterprise Operational Excellence is responsible for leading the global Supply Chain Centers of Excellence as well as the Health, Safety, Environment and Quality and Sustainability functions. 
Do you provide monetary incentives for the management of environmental issues, including the attainment of targets? 
Provision of monetary incentives related to this 
environmental issue 
Please explain 
Yes 
Baker Hughes has a strong stated and demonstrated commitment to reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions over time, alongside many additional sustainability-related objectives. The sustainability related metrics currently included in our 
short-term-incentive plan, as discussed and approved by the Human Capital and Compensation Committee each year and socialized with many of our investors during bi-annual engagement sessions, currently include HSE-related goals, 
diversity, inclusion and belonging goals across multiple employee groups and Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction goals relative to our 2019 base year.  Also included is development of the scope 3 emissions reduction roadmap for our internal 
scope 3 emissions reduction goal. We will continue to evolve these goals over time in conjunction with business strategy and company reporting capabilities. We will continually ensure/strengthen the alignment between our sustainability 
objectives and executive compensation. 
Provide further details on the monetary incentives provided for the management of environmental issues (do not include the names of individuals). 
Position entitled to monetary incentive Incentives Performance metrics Incentive plan the incentives are linked to 
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) 
Bonus - % of salary 
Progress towards environmental targets 
Short-Term Incentive Plan, or equivalent, only (e.g. contractual annual bonus) Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Achievement of environmental targets 
Board or executive level Implementation of an emissions reduction initiative 
Employees Bonus - % of salary Reduction in emissions intensity Short-Term Incentive Plan, or equivalent, only (e.g. contractual annual bonus) 
Further details of incentives 
Baker Hughes has a strong stated and demonstrated commitment to reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions over time. The short-term incentive plan includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction goals relative to our 2019 base year.  Also included is development of the scope 3 emissions reduction 
roadmap for our internal scope 3 emissions reduction goals. We will continue to evolve and further strengthen these goals in conjunction with Company reporting capabilities. 
Our CSO also has priorities linked to incentive compensation which include: 1) overarching goal to develop and operationalize the Company’s energy transition strategy, 2) quantify emissions impact of low carbon solutions including life cycle analysis (LCA), 3) further develop supporting policies, external 
engagement and security public research and development funding necessary to deploy CCUS technologies, hydrogen, geothermal and energy storage. 
Baker Hughes has a strong stated and demonstrated commitment to reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions over time. The short term-incentive plan includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction goals relative to our 2019 base year.  Also included is development of the scope 3 emissions reduction 
roadmap for our internal scope 3 emissions reduction goals. We will continue to evolve and further strengthen these goals in conjunction with Company reporting capabilities. 
Our CEO and other named executives also have incentive-based compensation plans that balance financial metrics with quantitative and qualitative performance goals. Pay-outs under our annual bonus plan are weighted. The strategic objectives included several sustainability priorities, demonstrating 
our Board’s commitment to our sustainability strategy. These include execution of our energy transition portfolio strategy and training on baseline emissions and waste. 
Our Fullstream Bonus Plan applies to most employees globally. Baker Hughes has a strong stated and demonstrated commitment to reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions over time. The short-term incentive plan includes Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction goals relative to our 2019 base year. Also 
included is development of the scope 3 emissions reduction roadmap for our internal scope 3 emissions reduction goals. We will continue to evolve and further strengthen these goals in conjunction with Company reporting capabilities. 
Various personnel have sustainability, HSE and/or emissions related goals that inform both non-monetary and monetary incentive plan awards such as recognition, development opportunities, promotion, etc. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
      
  
 
77

Provide details of the scenarios used in your organization’s scenario analysis. 
Scenario used 
IEA NZE 2050 
IEA SDS 
IEA APS 
IEA STEPS (previously IEA NPS) 
RCP 2.6 
RCP 4.5 
RCP 8.5 
Provide details of the outcomes of your organization’s scenario analysis. 
Does your organization’s strategy include a climate transition plan? 
Transition plan 
Yes, we have a climate transition plan which aligns with a 
1.5°C world 
Describe where and how environmental risks and opportunities have influenced your strategy. 
Business area 
Products and services 
Upstream/downstream value chain 
Investment in research and development 
Operations 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
78 
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
  
     
  
        
  
  
  
 
 
 
Refer to the Appendix A: TCFD Index section of the report. 
Scenario coverage 
Organization-wide 
Organization-wide 
Organization-wide 
Organization-wide 
Organization-wide 
Organization-wide 
Organization-wide 
Mechanisms by which feedback is collected from 
shareholders on your climate transition plan 
We have a different feedback mechanism in place. 
Effect type 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Opportunities 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Assumptions, uncertainties and constraints in scenario 
Refer to Appendix A: TCFD Index and Appendix B: Statement and Notes on TCFD Metrics. 
Description of feedback mechanism Frequency of feedback collection 
Refer to the Materiality assessment (p.14) and TCFD (p.51) sections of the report. Less frequently than annually 
Describe how environmental risks and/or opportunities have affected your strategy in this area 
We are positioned to support our customers' efforts to reduce their carbon footprint with a range of emissions-reduction products and services. This includes more efficient power 
generation and compression technology that reduces carbon emissions, including CCS, as well as hydrogen technologies. We also have a range of inspection and sensor 
technologies that can monitor and help reduce flaring and emissions. We have also invested in or acquired a range of solutions that address climate change mitigation through 
emissions avoidance, reduction and/or removal. Our Climate Technology Solutions (CTS) group further supports our strategy. CTS will include CCS, hydrogen, emissions management 
and clean and integrated power solutions. 
A truly sustainable and ethical company does not exist on its own. Supply chain resilience and innovation were critical to our performance through the year. Similarly, we recognize the 
importance of these relationships to help us advance the energy transition, reduce emissions, build ethical supply chains and promote diversity, inclusion and belonging in the global 
business community. We continue to advance our sustainable supply chain framework by working with our suppliers to support their sustainability performance. We have engaged 
with some of our supply chain to assess the climate-related risks and opportunities of our supply chain partners. We have also been engaged with EcoVadis regarding our suppliers 
and customers. 
Our culture is built on a heritage of innovation and invention through research and development, with complementary capabilities. Technology remains a differentiator for us and a 
key enabler to drive the efficiency and productivity gains our customers require, as well as paving the way for longer term sustainable energy development. We also have a range of 
technologies that support our customers' efforts to reduce their carbon footprint. We remain committed to investing in our products and services to maintain our leadership position 
across our offerings, including $643 million research and development spend and being granted more than 1,600 patents worldwide in 2024. 
We continue to execute on our scope 1 and 2 roadmap and our key decarbonization pathways - through a combination of energy efficiency initiatives, facility consolidation, 
increasing electric power consumption from renewable energy sources and improvements in our vehicle fleet. Our first milestone for our scope 1 and 2 roadmap is in 2030, with a 50% 
reduction in GHG emissions, with our ultimate goal of having net-zero scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions by 2050.

Describe where and how environmental risks and opportunities have influenced your financial planning. 
Financial planning elements that have been affected Effect type Describe how environmental risks and/or opportunities have affected these financial planning elements 
Revenues 
Risks 
Refer to Appendix A: TCFD Index and Appendix B: Statement and Notes on TCFD Metrics. 
Opportunities 
Direct costs 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Capital expenditures 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Capital allocation 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Acquisitions and divestments 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Access to capital 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Assets 
Risks 
Opportunities 
Indicate any mutually beneficial environmental initiatives you could collaborate on with specific supply chain members. 
Life Cycle Analysis or assessment (LCA) is mutually beneficial to Baker Hughes and its customers by assessing carbon emissions associated with all life cycle stages of a product, process, system or service. Baker Hughes has developed a proprietary life cycle analysis tool, FastLCA, to quantify emissions in a 
much shorter timeframe for Baker Hughes products than traditional methods and identify pathways to reduce GHG emissions. This tool is a web-based application using intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) global warming potentials (GWP) 100a methodology and has been critically 
reviewed by a third-party certifier to ensure compliance with ISO standards. As markets increasingly demand more sustainable products and services the FastLCA tool may be used to develop valuable and fact-based sustainability strategies.  
Expected benefits Estimated timeframe for realization of benefits Are you able to estimate the lifetime CO2e and/or water savings of this initiative? Please explain 
Increased transparency of value chain GHG emissions 
offers insights to procurement decisions to reduce 
emissions. 
Project-dependent No, an LCA itself simply quantifies the emissions. A comparative LCA would be required to show savings. This tool does not 
currently quantify water savings.  
Conducting LCAs provides the opportunity to assess and 
compare the emissions embedded in multiple product/ 
solution options. 
Name of the standard, protocol, or methodology you have used to collect activity data and calculate emissions. 
American Petroleum Institute Compendium of GHG 
Emissions Methodologies for the Oil and Natural Gas 
Industry, 2009 
IPCC Guidelines for National GHG Inventories, 2006 The GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard (Revised Edition) The GHG Protocol: Scope 2 Guidance The GHG Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Standard 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Center for 
Corporate Climate Leadership: Direct Emissions from Mobile 
Combustion Sources 
U.S. EPA Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated 
Database (eGRID) 
What were your organization’s gross global Scope 1 emissions in metric tons CO2e? 
Year Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e) End date Methodological details 
Reporting year 386,367 12/31/2024 
Refer to Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions. 
Past year 1 383,096 12/31/2023 
Past year 2 376,172 12/31/2022 
Past year 3 391,346 12/31/2021 
Past year 4 432,316 12/31/2020 
Past year 5 (base year) 499,168 12/31/2019 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
                                           
 
                      
 
 
 
   
    
 
79

What were your organization’s gross global Scope 2 emissions in metric tons CO2e? 
Year Gross global Scope 2, location-based emissions (metric 
tons CO2e) 
Gross global Scope 2, market-based emissions (metric 
tons CO2e) (if applicable) End date Methodological details 
Reporting year 212,476 178,361 12/31/2024 
Refer to Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e 
Emissions. 
Past year 1 217,941 191,417 12/31/2023 
Past year 2 210,902 193,933 12/31/2022 
Past year 3 247,991 215,996 12/31/2021 
Past year 4 315,950 252,069 12/31/2020 
Past year 5 (base year) 306,757 300,026 12/31/2019 
Account for your organization’s gross global Scope 3 emissions, disclosing and explaining any exclusions. 
Scope 3 category Evaluation status Emissions in reporting year (metric tons CO2e) Emissions calculation methodology Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or value chain partners 
Purchased goods and services Relevant, calculated 7,346,257 
Refer to Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e 
Emissions. 
0% 
Capital goods Relevant, calculated 172,789 0% 
Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scope 1 
or 2) Relevant, calculated 139,608 47% 
Upstream transportation and distribution Relevant, calculated 392,524 0% 
Waste generated in operations Relevant, calculated 102,502 78% 
Business travel Relevant, calculated 76,580 82% 
Employee commuting Relevant, calculated 150,290 8% 
Upstream leased assets Not relevant, explanation provided Not applicable Not applicable 
Downstream transportation and distribution Relevant, calculated 241,846 0% 
Processing of sold products Not relevant, explanation provided Insignificant Not applicable 
Use of sold products Relevant, calculated 366,523,904 0% 
End of life treatment of sold products Relevant, not yet calculated Not reported Not reported 
Downstream leased assets Not relevant, explanation provided Excluded category Excluded category 
Franchises Not relevant, explanation provided Not applicable Not applicable 
Investments Relevant, calculated 276,357 0% 
Please explain 
Refer to the Appendix B: Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e section of the report. 
Provide the emissions from biogenic carbon relevant to your organization in metric tons CO2. 
CO2 emissions from biogenic carbon (metric tons CO2) 
Ethanol 5.36 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
  
 
 
80

Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by GHG type and provide the source of each used global warming potential (GWP). 
GHG Scope 1 emissions (metric tons of CO2e) GWP Reference 
CO2 384,108 IPCC Sixth Assessment Report (AR6 - 100 year) 
CH4 1,209 IPCC Sixth Assessment Report (AR6 - 100 year) 
N2O 1,050 IPCC Sixth Assessment Report (AR6 - 100 year) 
HFCs 0 N/A - no emissions 
PFCs 0 N/A - no emissions 
SF6 0 N/A - no emissions 
NF3 0 N/A - no emissions 
Break down your total gross global Scope 1 and 2 emissions by country/area. 
Region Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO2e) Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e) Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e) 
North America 114,438 80,304 34,672 
Latin America 25,855 7,103 6,052 
Europe 50,322 41,672 54,240 
Asia Pacific 19,921 29,285 29,285 
Other (rest of world) 175,831 54,112 54,112 
Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by business division. 
Business division Scope 1 emissions (metric ton CO2e) 
Headquarters 733 
Oilfield Services and Equipment 337,184 
Industrial and Energy Technology 48,449 
Break down your total gross global Scope 1 emissions by business activity. 
Activity Scope 1 emissions (metric ton CO2e) 
Mobile combustion 106,056 
Stationary combustion 96,290 
Field activity 181,885 
Other (direct emissions of CO2 and HFCs) 2,136 
Break down your total gross global Scope 2 emissions by business division. 
Business division Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e) Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e) 
Headquarters 6,300 5,138 
Oilfield Services and Equipment 137,884 103,706 
Industrial and Energy Technology 68,292 69,517 
Break down your total gross global Scope 2 emissions by business activity. 
Activity Scope 2, location-based (metric tons CO2e) Scope 2, market-based (metric tons CO2e) 
Manufacturing 121,033 98,323 
Mobile combustion 155 155 
Light industrial 75,454 64,766 
Offices 10,559 9,844 
Home offices 5,273 5,273 
Allocate your emissions to your customers listed below according to the goods or services you have sold them in the reporting period. 
Please reach out to your Baker Hughes point of contact about obtaining emissions allocations. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
81

What are the challenges in allocating emissions to different customers and what would help you overcome these challenges? 
Allocation challenges Please explain what would help you overcome these challenges 
Customer base is too large and diverse to accurately track emissions to the customer level. Automation and artificial intelligence applied to both financial and emission reporting systems relating to our customer installed asset base. 
Diversity of product lines makes accurately accounting for each product/product line cost ineffective. Automation and artificial intelligence applied to both financial and emission reporting systems across product lines. 
Doing so would require we disclose business sensitive/proprietary information. Enforceable and durable confidentiality provisions.  
Do you plan to develop your capabilities to allocate emissions to your customers in the future? 
Do you plan to develop your capabilities to allocate 
emissions to your customers in the future? 
Describe how you plan to develop your capabilities. 
Yes Refer to the Leveraging FastLCA to provide emissions insights to our customers section of the report. 
Report your organization’s energy consumption totals (excluding feedstocks) in MWh. 
Activity Heating value MWh from renewable sources MWh from non-renewable sources Total (renewable and non-renewable) MWh 
Consumption of fuel (excluding feedstock) HHV (higher heating value) 23 1,650,956 1,650,979 
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity 174,445 381,895 556,340 
Consumption of purchased or acquired heat 0 1,103 1,103 
Consumption of purchased or acquired steam 0 17,234 17,234 
Consumption of purchased or acquired cooling 0 339 339 
Consumption of self-generated non-fuel renewable energy 10,632 0 10,632 
Total energy consumption 185,100 2,051,527 2,236,628 
State how much fuel in MWh your organization has consumed (excluding feedstocks) by fuel type. 
Fuels (excluding feedstocks) Heating value Total fuel MWh consumed by the organization MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of electricity MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of heat 
Sustainable biomass HHV 23 0 23 
Other biomass HHV 0 0 0 
Other renewables HHV 0 0 0 
Coal HHV 0 0 0 
Oil HHV 1,214,350 748,347 466,003 
Gas HHV 436,606 0 414,715 
Other non-renewable fuels (e.g. non-renewable hydrogen) HHV 0 0 0 
Total fuel HHV 1,650,979 748,347 880,741 
Fuels (excluding feedstocks) (continued) MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of steam MWh fuel consumed for self-generation of cooling 
Sustainable biomass 0 0 
Other biomass 0 0 
Other renewables 0 0 
Coal 0 0 
Oil 0 0 
Gas 21,891 0 
Other non-renewable fuels (e.g. non-renewable hydrogen) 0 0 
Total fuel 21,891 0 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
          
 
  
-
-
-
-
-
-
82

Provide details on the electricity, heat, steam and cooling your organization has generated and consumed in the reporting year. 
Energy Carrier Total gross generation (MWh) Generation that is consumed by the organization (MWh) Gross generation from renewable sources (MWh) 
Generation from renewable sources that is consumed by 
the organization (MWh) 
Electricity 758,979 758,979 10,632 10,632 
Heat 880,741 880,741 23 23 
Steam 21,891 21,891 0 0 
Cooling 0 0 0 0 
Describe your gross global combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions for the reporting year in metric tons CO2e per unit currency total revenue and provide any additional intensity metrics that are appropriate to your business operations. 
Intensity figure 
Metric numerator (Gross global combined Scope 1 and 2 
emissions, metric tons CO2e) Metric denominator Metric denominator: Unit total Scope 2 figure used 
0.000020 564,728 Unit total revenue $27,829,000,000 Market-based 
% change from previous year Direction of change Reasons for change 
9.9% Decrease Refer to the Scope 1 and 2 emissions section of the report. 
Are you providing product level data for your organization’s goods or services? 
Response Comment 
No, we are not providing data. With our LCA capabilities, we provide product-level data upon customer request. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
83

Appendix B: 
Statements and Notes with Independent Accountants’ Report 
Baker Hughes Company ("Baker Hughes", "the Company", "we", "us", or "our") is an energy technology company with a diversified portfolio of technologies and services that span the energy and industrial value chain. Built on a century of experience 
and conducting business in over 120 countries, our innovative technologies and services are taking energy forward. 
Financial data are reported in U.S. dollars. 
In Appendix B, you will find the Independent Accountants' Report providing limited or reasonable assurance over information in Appendix B, as summarized in the table below. Our Statements and Notes include information related to previous years. 
The Independent Accountants’ Report within this Appendix B indicates the information assured in the current engagement. The Corporate Sustainability Report 2023 and the 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report each contain an Independent 
Accountants’ Report. Additionally, the following markings in Appendix B clarify whether metrics were not assured, or are not presented on a consistent basis with the current period measurement approach. 
An asterisk (*) denotes that the metric was not subject to assurance. 
A double asterisk (**) denotes 2023 metrics are presented as previously reported for the year ended December 31, 2023, and have not been recalculated to be consistent with the 2024 and base year presentation. 
Subject Matter 2024 Assurance Level Base year assurance level 
People: Statements and Notes on 
People Metrics People Metrics Limited Assurance Not applicable 
Planet: Statements and Notes on 
GHG CO2e Emissions 
Scope 1 Emissions Reasonable Assurance Limited assurance 
Scope 2 Emissions Reasonable Assurance Limited assurance 
Scope 3 Emissions Limited assurance Limited assurance 
Planet: Statements and Notes on 
Planet Metrics 
Spills Metrics Limited assurance Limited assurance 
Biodiversity Metrics Limited assurance Limited assurance 
Waste Metrics Limited assurance Limited assurance 
Water Metrics Limited assurance Limited assurance 
Life Cycle Assessment Metrics Limited assurance Not applicable 
Energy Metrics Limited assurance Limited assurance 
Planet: Statement and Notes on 
TCFD Metrics TCFD Metrics Limited assurance Not applicable 
Principles: Statements and Notes 
on Principles Metrics Principles Metrics Limited assurance Not applicable 
 
 
  
 
 
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
84 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Independent Accountants’ Report 
To the Board of Directors and Management of Baker Hughes Company: 
Report on Baker Hughes Company’s Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions, People Metrics, Planet Metrics, TCFD Metrics and Principles Metrics 
Examination opinion and review conclusion 
We have performed an assurance engagement on the following information within Appendix B of Baker Hughes Company’s (the Company) 2024 Corporate Sustainability Report (the Sustainability Report): 
Information subject to assurance Reporting period Type of assurance The criteria relevant to the information subject to our examination / review 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
and related notes within the Statements and 
Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e 
Emissions (GHG Statements) 
For the year ended December 31, 2024 Examination (reasonable assurance) As described in Note 1 of the GHG Statements 
For the year ended December 31, 2019 (Base year) Review (limited assurance) 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions and 
related notes within the GHG Statements 
For the year ended December 31, 2024 
For the year ended December 31, 2019 (Base year) 
Review (limited assurance) As described in Note 1 of the GHG Statements 
Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
(People Statements) 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 Review (limited assurance) As described in Notes 1 and 3 of the People Statements 
Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
(Planet Statements) 
As of and for the year ended December 31, 2024 (All 
Planet metrics) 
For the year ended December 31, 2022 (Base year 
for Waste, Water, Spills metrics) 
For the year ended December 31, 2019 (Base year 
for Energy metrics) 
Review (limited assurance) As described in Notes 1 and 4 of the Planet Statements 
Statement and Notes on Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) Metrics (TCFD Statement) 
For the year ended September 30, 2024 Review (limited assurance) As described in Notes 1 and 4 of the TCFD Statement 
Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
(Principles Statements) 
For the year ended December 31, 2024 Review (limited assurance) As described in Notes 1 and 3 of the Principles Statements 
For the purposes of the remainder of our assurance report: 
• “Examination Information” refers to the information identified above that was subject to reasonable assurance; 
• “Review Information” refers to the information identified above that was subject to limited assurance; 
• “Assured Sustainability Information" refers to all information subject to assurance (both reasonable assurance and limited assurance); and 
• “Applicable Criteria” refers to the criteria relevant to the information subject to assurance as identified above. 
Examination opinion 
In our opinion, the Examination Information for the year ended December 31, 2024 is prepared in accordance with the Applicable Criteria, in all material respects. 
KPMG LLP 
2200 Wells Fargo Tower 
201 Main Street 
Fort Worth, TX 76102-3105 
KPMG LLP , a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of  
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with  
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 
 
   
        
 
    
      
  
 
 
      
    
   
 
  
  
   
 
 
      
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
    
 
  
      
 
 
      
   
 
 
 
    
 
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
85 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

2 
Review conclusion 
Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the Review Information as of and for the reporting periods stated above in order for it to be prepared in accordance with the Applicable Criteria. 
Our examination opinion and review conclusion on the Assured Sustainability Information does not extend to any other information that accompanies or contains the Assured Sustainability Information and our report. 
Basis for opinion and conclusion 
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Pub lic Accountants in the versions of AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements and AT-C 
section 205, Assertion-Based Examination Engagements that are applicable as of the date of our examination. Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
in the versions of AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements and AT-C section 210, Review Engagements that are applicable as of the date of our review. We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical 
requirements in accordance with relevant ethical requirements related to the engagement. We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our examination opinion and review conclusion. 
Emphasis of matter 
As noted in Note 2 of the GHG Statements, the Company recalculated its 2019 Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions to account for recent structural changes and enhancements in methodology and data, in accordance with the Applicable Criteria as described 
in Note 1 of the GHG Statements. 
As noted in Note 1 of the Planet Statements, the Company recalculated its 2019 Energy and 2022 Water and Waste metrics to account for recent structural changes and enhancements in methodology and data, in accordance with the Applicable 
Criteria as described in Note 1 of the Planet Statements. 
Our opinion and conclusion are not modified in respect of these matters. 
Other matter 
We previously reviewed select metrics within the People Statements related to the years ended December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 and our reports dated May 13, 2024 and May 24, 2023 included unmodified conclusions, respectively. 
We previously reviewed the Statement and Notes on Waste (now incorporated into the Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics) for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our report dated May 13, 2024 included an unmodified conclusion. As 
explained on the first page of Appendix B, a double asterisk (**) denotes 2023 waste metrics which are presented as previously reported for the year ended December 31, 2023, and that have not been recalculated to be consistent with the 2024 and 
base year presentation. 
Our opinion and conclusion are not modified in respect of these matters. 
Responsibilities for the Assured Sustainability Information 
Management of the Company is responsible for: 
• designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation of the Assured Sustainability Information such that it is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; 
• selecting or developing suitable criteria for preparing the Assured Sustainability Information and appropriately referring to or describing the criteria used; and 
• preparing the Assured Sustainability Information in accordance with the Applicable Criteria. 
Inherent limitations in preparing the Assured Sustainability Information 
As described in Note 1 to the GHG Statements, Note 3 to the Planet Statements, and Note 3 to the TCFD Statement, energy use data, waste volume, water usage, and total loss and proportion of revenue, respectively, are subject to measurement 
uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and methods used for determining such data. The selection by the Company’s management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in material ly different 
measurements. 
Our responsibilities 
The attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants require us to do the followin g: 
• with respect to our examination: 
plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Examination Information is prepared in accordance with the Applicable Criteria, in all material respects and 
express an opinion on the Examination Information, based on our examination. 
 
   
    
  
       
        
             
      
 
       
    
    
    
 
 
        
            
       
 
 
 
  
    
     
 
 
          
    
  
 
 
      
  
 
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
– 
– 
86 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

3 
• with respect to our review: 
plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to the Review Information in order for it to be prepared in accordance with the Applicable Criteria; and 
express a conclusion on the Review Information based on our review. 
We exercised professional judgment and maintained professional skepticism throughout the engagement. We designed and performed our procedures to obtain evidence about the Assured Sustainability Information that is sufficient and appropriate to 
provide a basis for our examination opinion and review conclusion. 
The nature of our examination engagement 
The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depended on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the Examination Information, whether due to fraud or error. We identified and assessed the risks of 
material misstatement through understanding the Examination Information and the engagement circumstances. We also obtained an understanding of the internal control relevant to the Examination Information in order to design procedures that are 
appropriate in the circumstances but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal controls. 
The nature of our review engagement and summary of the work we performed as the basis for our conclusion 
Our procedures selected depended on our understanding of the Review Information and other engagement circumstances, and our consideration of areas where material misstatements are likely to arise. In carrying out our review engagement, the 
procedures we performed primarily consisted of: 
• assessing the suitability of the criteria used by the Company in preparing the Review Information; 
• interviewing senior management and relevant staff at corporate and selected locations; 
• inspecting a selection of supporting records; 
• performing analytical procedures; 
• recalculating the Review Information based on the criteria; and 
• evaluating the overall presentation of the Review Information to determine whether it is consistent with the Applicable Criteria and in line with our overall knowledge of, and experience with, the Company. 
The procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an examinatio n, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the subject matter information is prepared in 
accordance with the criteria, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion. Because of the limited nature of the review engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been 
obtained had an examination been performed. 
Fort Worth, Texas 
April 24, 2025 
      
  
  
 
 
     
  
  
   
     
 
 
   
 
 
  
     
       
       
 
 
  
 
Contents Leadership 2024 Highlights Who We Are People Planet Principles Appendices 
– 
– 
87 Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report

Statements and Notes on People Metrics 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Employee 
counts 
# of total employees 57,349 57,570 55,235 * 
# of total employees by region - Asia Pacific (APAC) 7,304 7,199 7,081 * 
# of total employees by region - Russia and Commonwealth of 
Independent States (RCIS) 675 636 681 * 
# of total employees by region - Middle East, North Africa, Turkey and India 
(MENATI) 10,261 9,935 9,486 * 
# of total employees by region - North America (NAM) 12,768 13,566 14,080 * 
# of total employees by region - Latin America (LATAM) 6,201 6,421 5,828 * 
# of total employees by region - Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) 1,291 1,152 1,006 * 
# of total employees by region - Europe 18,849 18,661 17,073 * 
# of total employees by gender - Men 45,909 46,343 43,535 * 
# of total employees by gender - Women 11,420 11,200 10,554 * 
# of total employees by gender - Gender undeclared 20 26 1,140 * 
# of total employees by gender - No gender selected 0 1 6 * 
# of total employees by age group - under 30 6,850 6,529 5,606 * 
# of total employees by age group - 30-50 37,997 38,675 38,352 * 
# of total employees by age group - over 50 12,498 12,365 11,274 * 
# of total employees by age group - No age selected 4 1 3 * 
# of total Senior Professional Band and above employees (SPB+) 8,727 8,959 8,944 * 
# of total Executive Band and above employees (EB+) 528 590 639 * 
# of total employees by job function - Commercial 5,055 4,900 4,968 * 
# of total employees by job function - Enabling 6,296 6,308 6,583 * 
# of total employees by job function - Production 34,909 33,445 32,112 * 
# of total employees by job function - Technical 10,974 10,898 10,389 * 
# of total employees by job function - Other 115 2,019 1,183 * 
# of employees by generation group - Greatest 0 0 0 * 
# of employees by generation group - Silent 6 7 8 * 
# of employees by generation group - Boomers 3,081 3,775 4,117 * 
# of employees by generation group - Generation X 19,385 20,367 20,092 * 
# of employees by generation group - Generation Y 29,231 29,164 28,311 * 
# of employees by generation group - Generation Z 5,642 4,255 2,704 * 
# of employees by generation group - No generation selected 4 2 3 * 
# of total full time employees 56,513 56,785 54,490 * 
# of total part time employees 836 785 745 * 
# of total full time employees by region - APAC 7,230 7,124 7,026 * 
# of total full time employees by region - RCIS 673 635 679 * 
# of total full time employees by region - MENATI 10,232 9,911 9,475 * 
# of total full time employees by region - NAM 12,739 13,538 14,046 * 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Employee 
counts 
# of total full time employees by region - LATAM 6,099 6,298 5,745 * 
# of total full time employees by region - SSA 1,289 1,150 997 * 
# of total full time employees by region - Europe 18,251 18,129 16,522 * 
# of total part time employees by region - APAC 74 75 55 * 
# of total part time employees by region - RCIS 2 1 2 * 
# of total part time employees by region - MENATI 29 24 11 * 
# of total part time employees by region - NAM 29 28 34 * 
# of total part time employees by region - LATAM 102 123 83 * 
# of total part time employees by region - SSA 2 2 9 * 
# of total part time employees by region - Europe 598 532 551 * 
# of total full time employees by gender - Men 45,419 45,903 43,107 * 
# of total full time employees by gender - Women 11,075 10,855 10,238 * 
# of total full time employees by gender - Gender undeclared 19 26 1,139 * 
# of total full time employees by gender - No gender selected 0 1 6 * 
# of total part time employees by gender - Men 490 440 428 * 
# of total part time employees by gender - Women 345 345 316 * 
# of total part time employees by gender - Gender undeclared 1 0 1 * 
# of total part time employees by gender - No gender selected 0 0 0 * 
# of permanent employees - Total 49,328 Not available Not available 
# of permanent employees - Male 39,482 Not available Not available 
# of permanent employees - Female 9,830 Not available Not available 
# of permanent employees - Gender undeclared 16 Not available Not available 
# of permanent employees - No gender selected 0 Not available Not available 
# of temporary employees - Total 3,327 Not available Not available 
# of temporary employees - Male 2,434 Not available Not available 
# of temporary employees - Female 892 Not available Not available 
# of temporary employees - Gender undeclared 1 Not available Not available 
# of temporary employees - No gender selected 0 Not available Not available 
# of non-guaranteed hours employees - Total 4,694 Not available Not available 
# of non-guaranteed hours employees - Men 3,993 Not available Not available 
# of non-guaranteed hours employees - Female 698 Not available Not available 
# of non-guaranteed hours employees - Gender undeclared 3 Not available Not available 
# of non-guaranteed hours employees - No gender selected 0 Not available Not available
 Non-Employee
workers # of non-employees in own workforce 22,760 Not available Not available 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
88

Metric 
Employees by 
gender 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Employees by 
gender 
% of employees that are people managers by gender - Women 19.9% 19.0% 18.8% 
% of employees that are people managers by gender - Gender 
undeclared 0.0% 0.0% 2.0% 
% of employees that are people managers by gender - No gender 
selected 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
% of women-identifying employees on the Board of Directors 33.0% 33.0% 33.0% 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
KPIs 
% of employees by gender - Men 
% of employees by gender - Women 
% of employees by gender - Gender Undeclared 
% of employees by gender - No gender selected 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Commercial and Men 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Enabling and Men 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Production and Men 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Technical and Men 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Other and Men 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Commercial and 
Women 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Enabling and Women 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Production and Women 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Technical and Women 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Other and Women 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Commercial and Gender 
Undeclared 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Enabling and Gender 
Undeclared 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Production and Gender 
Undeclared 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Technical and Gender 
Undeclared 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Other and Gender 
Undeclared 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Commercial and No 
gender selected 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Enabling and No gender 
selected 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Production and No 
gender selected 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Technical and No 
gender selected 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Other and No gender 
selected 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - SPB+ and Men 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - SPB+ and Women 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - SPB+ and Gender 
undeclared 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - SPB+ and No gender 
selected 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - EB+ and Men 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - EB+ and Women 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - EB+ and Gender undeclared 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - EB+ and No gender selected 
% of employees that are people managers by gender - Men 
2024 2023 2022 
80.1% 80.5% 78.8% 
19.9% 19.5% 19.1% 
0.0% 0.1% 2.1% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
75.0% 75.4% 75.6% 
48.3% 48.8% 49.0% 
87.5% 87.8% 88.2% 
77.0% 77.7% 78.7% 
75.7% 85.7% 4.2% 
25.0% 24.5% 24.4% 
51.7% 51.1% 51.0% 
12.5% 12.2% 11.7% 
23.0% 22.3% 21.3% 
19.1% 13.4% 0.5% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
5.2% 0.9% 95.3% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
81.3% 81.6% 81.4% 
18.7% 18.4% 18.6% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
77.1% 76.4% 75.6% 
22.9% 23.6% 24.4% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
80.1% 80.9% 79.2% 
89

Metric 
Employees by 
age group 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Employees by 
generation 
group 
% of employees by generation group - Greatest 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by generation group - Silent 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by generation group - Boomers 5.4% 6.6% 7.5% 
% of employees by generation group - Generation X 33.8% 35.4% 36.4% 
% of employees by generation group - Generation Y 51.0% 50.7% 51.3% 
% of employees by generation group - Generation Z 9.8% 7.4% 4.9% 
% of employees by generation group - Generation left blank 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
Country 
representation 
# of employees working outside the U.S. 45,963 45,398 42,442 
# of countries with employees 88 88 89 
# of nationalities represented by employees 151 157 157 
US employees - 
people of color 
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color 39.0% 38.3% 36.1% 
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color by gender - Men 76.3% 76.6% 75.4% 
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color by gender - Women 23.6% 23.4% 24.6% 
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color by gender - Gender 
undeclared 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color by gender - No gender 
selected 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color by seniority - SPB+ 33.6% 33.2% 32.1% 
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color by seniority - EB+ 29.2% 28.8% 28.6% 
Women in STEM 
roles 
% of women in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) 
roles 14.8% 14.2% 12.1% 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
KPIs 
% of employees by age group - under 30 
% of employees by age group - 30-50 
% of employees by age group - over 50 
% of employees by age group - No age selected 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and 
Commercial 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and 
Enabling 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and 
Production 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and 
Technical 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and Other 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and 
Commercial 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Enabling 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Production 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Technical 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Other 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and 
Commercial 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and Enabling 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and 
Production 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and 
Technical 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and Other 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and 
Commercial 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and 
Enabling 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and 
Production 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and 
Technical 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and 
Other 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - under 30 and SPB+ 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - under 30 and EB+ 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - 30-50 and SPB+ 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - 30-50 and EB+ 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - over 50 and SPB+ 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - over 50 and EB+ 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - No age selected and 
SPB+ 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - No age selected and EB+ 
2024 2023 2022 
11.9% 11.3% 10.2% 
66.3% 67.2% 69.4% 
21.8% 21.5% 20.4% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
7.1% 6.0% 6.1% 
10.9% 10.4% 10.9% 
12.7% 11.9% 11.0% 
12.5% 12.0% 10.1% 
7.0% 14.7% 0.9% 
65.8% 67.7% 68.8% 
67.9% 69.3% 69.4% 
66.2% 67.6% 68.9% 
66.0% 66.5% 68.2% 
55.7% 56.6% 97.6% 
27.0% 26.3% 25.2% 
21.2% 20.3% 19.7% 
21.2% 20.5% 20.1% 
21.5% 21.5% 21.7% 
37.4% 28.7% 1.5% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
0.3% 0.3% 0.3% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 
65.1% 66.0% 67.4% 
63.1% 65.3% 65.7% 
34.6% 33.7% 32.3% 
36.9% 34.8% 34.3% 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
90

Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Employee 
attrition 
# of total employee attrition 6,750 5,812 6,609 
# of total employee attrition by gender - Men 5,459 4,512 5,291 
# of total employee attrition by gender - Women 1,285 1,213 1,274 
# of total employee attrition by gender - Gender undeclared 6 82 44 
# of total employee attrition by gender - No gender selected 0 5 Not available 
% of total employee attrition (rate) 11.8% 10.2% 12.0% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender - Men 11.9% 9.9% 12.0% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender - Women 11.4% 11.1% 12.1% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender - Gender undeclared 29.0% 191.4% 16.5% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender - No gender selected 0.0% 85.7% 0.0% * 
# of total employee attrition by region - APAC 705 643 647 
# of total employee attrition by region - RCIS 61 105 1,019 
# of total employee attrition by region - MENATI 1,049 865 909 
# of total employee attrition by region - NAM 2,263 2,019 1,990 
# of total employee attrition by region - LATAM 955 602 505 
# of total employee attrition by region - SSA 88 78 67 
# of total employee attrition by region - Europe 1,629 1,500 1,472 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - APAC 9.8% 9.0% 9.4% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - RCIS 9.4% 16.1% 34.9% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - MENATI 10.4% 8.9% 9.9% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - NAM 17.4% 14.7% 15.0% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - LATAM 15.3% 9.6% 9.1% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - SSA 7.3% 7.1% 7.1% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - Europe 8.7% 8.3% 9.1% 
# of total employee attrition by age group - under 30 1,026 905 1,088 
# of total employee attrition by age group - 30-50 3,958 3,608 4,247 
# of total employee attrition by age group - over 50 1,766 1,299 1,274 
# of total employee attrition by age group - No age selected 0 0 0 * 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age group - under 30 15.3% 14.4% 19.1% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age group - 30-50 10.4% 9.4% 11.1% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age group - over 50 14.4% 10.8% 11.6% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age group - No age selected 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Voluntary 
attrition 
# of voluntary attrition 3,428 3,992 4,714 
# of voluntary attrition by gender - Men 2,744 3,162 3,739 
# of voluntary attrition by gender - Women 683 823 974 
# of voluntary attrition by gender - Gender undeclared 1 5 1 
# of voluntary attrition by gender - No gender selected 0 2 0 * 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) 6.0% 7.0% 8.6% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - Men 6.0% 6.9% 8.5% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - Women 6.1% 7.5% 9.3% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - Gender undeclared 4.8% 11.7% 0.4% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - No gender selected 0.0% 34.3% 0.0% * 
# of voluntary attrition by region - APAC 444 469 556 
# of voluntary attrition by region - RCIS 53 54 391 
# of voluntary attrition by region -MENATI 681 656 657 
# of voluntary attrition by region - NAM 1,069 1,301 1,608 
# of voluntary attrition by region - LATAM 267 378 363 
# of voluntary attrition by region - SSA 48 61 49 
# of voluntary attrition by region - Europe 866 1,073 1,090 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - APAC 6.2% 6.6% 8.1% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - RCIS 8.2% 8.3% 13.4% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - MENATI 6.8% 6.7% 7.2% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - NAM 8.2% 9.5% 12.1% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - LATAM 4.3% 6.0% 6.5% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - SSA 4.0% 5.5% 5.2% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - Europe 4.6% 5.9% 6.7% 
# of voluntary attrition by age group - under 30 665 724 858 
# of voluntary attrition by age group - 30-50 2,066 2,558 3,082 
# of voluntary attrition by age group - over 50 697 710 774 
# of voluntary attrition by age group - No age selected 0 0 0 * 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - under 30 9.9% 11.5% 15.1% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - 30-50 5.4% 6.7% 8.0% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - over 50 5.7% 5.9% 7.1% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - No age selected 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% * 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
91

Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
New candidates 
hired 
# of internal candidates hired 4,164 4,620 4,983 
# of internal candidates hired by gender - Men 3,009 3,491 3,734 
# of internal candidates hired by gender - Women 1,155 1,128 1,247 
# of internal candidates hired by gender - Gender undeclared 0 1 1 
# of internal candidates hired by gender - No gender selected 0 0 1 
# of internal candidates hired by region - APAC 470 363 478 
# of internal candidates hired by region - RCIS 29 31 84 
# of internal candidates hired by region - MENATI 639 634 781 
# of internal candidates hired by region - NAM 1,107 1,346 1,615 
# of internal candidates hired by region - LATAM 386 514 428 
# of internal candidates hired by region - SSA 80 55 63 
# of internal candidates hired by region - Europe 1,453 1,677 1,534 
# of internal candidates hired by age group - under 30 781 758 807 
# of internal candidates hired by age group - 30-50 2,940 3,367 3,702 
# of internal candidates hired by age group - over 50 443 495 474 
# of internal candidates hired by age group - No age selected 0 0 
Not available 
# of external candidates hired 7,656 10,171 10,733 
# of external candidates hired by gender - Men 5,660 7,793 7,182 
# of external candidates hired by gender - Women 1,989 2,333 2,377 
# of external candidates hired by gender - Gender undeclared 7 45 1,174 
# of external candidates hired by gender - No gender selected 0 0 
# of external candidates hired by region - APAC 1,001 1,022 1,166 
# of external candidates hired by region - RCIS 113 94 247 
# of external candidates hired by region - MENATI 1,551 1,697 1,707 
# of external candidates hired by region - NAM 1,445 1,994 3,157 
# of external candidates hired by region - LATAM 1,132 1,619 1,437 
# of external candidates hired by region - SSA 253 278 189 
# of external candidates hired by region - Europe 2,161 3,467 2,830 
# of external candidates hired by age group - under 30 3,764 4,007 3,515 
# of external candidates hired by age group - 30-50 3,453 5,224 6,353 
# of external candidates hired by age group - over 50 439 940 865 
# of external candidates hired by age group - No age selected 0 0 0 * 
# of external candidates hired by employee type - Effective employee 6,175 Not available Not available 
# of external candidates hired by employee type - Trainee employee 1,481 Not available Not available 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Employees in 
leadership 
programs 
# of employees participating in leadership development programs 253 401 527 
# of employees participating in each leadership development program
ASPIRE 173 257 300 
# of employees participating in each leadership development program
IMPACT 21 36 32 
# of employees participating in each leadership development programs
CULTIVATE 59 102 191 
# of ASPIRE program participants that identify as women 82 116 155 
# of IMPACT program participants that identify as women 9 16 16 
Average hours of 
training per year 
per employee 
Average hours of training per employee 22.6 21.9 37.0 
Average hours of training per employee by gender - Men 23.4 22.7 39.5 
Average hours of training per employee by gender - Women 19.5 18.8 29.9 
Average hours of training per employee by gender - Gender undeclared 13.7 7.7 5.9 
Average hours of training per employee by gender - No gender selected 0.0 8.5 Not available 
Average hours of training per employee by career band - Professional 
Band and above (PB+) employees including Lead Training Band (LTB) 17.6 16.7 Not available 
Average hours of training per employee by career band - PB+ excluding 
LTB 17.4 16.4 24.0 
Average hours of training per employee by career band - SPB+ 15.3 13.5 17.1 
Average hours of training per employee by career band - EB+ 16.2 16.3 11.7 
Average hours of training per employee by operating segment - Industrial 
and Energy Technology (IET) 19.1 16.1 18.4 
Average hours of training per employee by operating segment - Oilfield 
Services and Equipment (OFSE) 25.7 25.9 50.8 
Average hours of training per employee by operating segment
Headquarters 12.6 15.3 18.3 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Commercial 19.2 12.9 15.6 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Enabling 13.2 14.9 19.9 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Production 27.1 27.7 51.0 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Technical 15.6 15.3 18.2 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Other 7.3 5.9 5.3 
Not available 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
 
 
 -
-
-
-
92

Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Regular 
performance 
and career 
development 
reviews 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews 74.0% 68.4% 75.0% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by gender - Men 70.8% 65.1% 72.8% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by gender - Women 86.9% 81.8% 84.0% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by gender - Gender undeclared 80.0% 26.9% 31.0% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by gender - No gender selected Not available 100% 100% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by career band - PB+ including LTB 97.6% 92.1% Not available 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by career band - PB+ excluding LTB 97.8% 92.1% 95.8% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by career band - SPB+ 98.1% 92.9% 95.8% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by career band - EB+ 94.3% 90.5% 94.1% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by job function - Commercial 95.2% 88.1% 93.4% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by job function - Enabling 94.1% 91.6% 95.3% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by job function - Production 60.0% 56.5% 95.5% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by job function - Technical 97.8% 95.0% 97.8% 
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by job function - Other 7.0% 1.5% 0.0% 
Community 
contributions 
Total amount of charitable pledges and contributions $28,586,292 $63,694,410 $75,272,787 
Amount of employee-matched contributions made by the Baker Hughes 
Foundation $800,508 $855,067 $756,121 
Amount of company and foundation financial pledges and contributions $2,426,500 $2,427,500 $1,992,500 
Amount of company in-kind contributions $25,359,284 $60,411,843 $72,524,166 
# of volunteer service hours 44,613 39,064 27,181 
Diverse spend 
with suppliers 
Amount spent with diverse suppliers and small businesses Tier 1 $591,989,909 $378,661,639 Not available 
Amount spent with diverse suppliers and small businesses Tier 2 $40,088,345 $31,090,700 Not available 
Amount spent with diverse suppliers and small businesses Total $632,078,253 $409,752,339 Not available 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023 2022 
Employee 
resource group 
membership 
# of employees enrolled in at least one employee resource group 9,418 9,085 8,099 
% of employees enrolled in at least one employee resource group 16.0% 15.5% 14.4% 
Parental leave # of employees entitled to parental leave 56,288 54,518 50,283 
# of employees entitled to parental leave by gender - Men 44,881 43,561 39,824 
# of employees entitled to parental leave by gender - Women 11,393 10,950 10,440 
# of employees entitled to parental leave by gender - Gender Undeclared 14 8 13 
# of employees entitled to parental leave by gender - No gender selected 0 1 6 
# of employees that took parental leave 1,194 805 300 
# of employees that took parental leave by gender - Men 888 585 210 
# of employees that took parental leave by gender - Women 306 218 90 
# of employees that took parental leave by gender - Gender Undeclared 0 2 0 * 
# of employees that took parental leave by gender - No gender selected 0 0 0 * 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following 
leave 1,072 705 237 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following 
leave by gender - Men 840 543 160 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following 
leave by gender - Women 232 161 76 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following 
leave by gender - Gender Undeclared 0 1 0 * 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following 
leave by gender - No gender selected 0 0 1 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
93

Note 1 - Basis of presentation 
For each year presented, the Statements have been prepared for the period January 1 to December 31, corresponding to the 
Company's fiscal year, unless otherwise stated in the methodology. The Notes presented in this report are for the current 
reporting period ended December 31, 2024. Related notes for comparative years can be found in the previous years' 
Statements and Notes. The information is based on the best available data as of the publication date. We base calculation 
methodologies on available information and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. We regularly review 
calculation methodologies and best practices. Calculation methodologies for reporting metrics may be updated and 
previously reported metrics may be adjusted to reflect improvements in availability and quality of third-party data, changing 
assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other circumstances. 
The Company prepared the Statements and Notes on People metrics: 
With reference to select GRI standards: GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021, GRI 401: Employment 2016, GRI 404: Training and 
Education 2016, and GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016. 
Key terms used are defined in the Statements and Notes Glossary of Terms section and the GRI Standards Glossary. 
Note 2 - Reporting boundary 
The Company presents its KPIs from operations over which it, or one of its subsidiaries, has the full authority to introduce and 
implement its operating policies. Minority-owned joint ventures not operated by the Company are excluded from the 
reporting boundary. 
Parental leave: The Company defines "leave” as paid or unpaid time away from work. An employee is entitled to parental 
leave based on the eligibility criteria, utilizing the Baker Hughes country policies and/or statutory regulations, whichever is 
more encompassing. Data for each reporting year was tracked by country. The Company is expanding the metric boundary 
based on availability of data. We reported parental leave data for 46 countries for the 2024 reporting year. We reported 
parental leave data for seven countries for the 2023 reporting year. We reported parental leave data for one country for the 
2022 reporting year. 
Note 3 - Methodology 
Women in STEM 
• The Company identifies STEM roles consistent with the roles defined by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. 
Employee attrition 
• The term "attrition" aligns with and adheres to the GRI definition of turnover, which includes employees who leave the 
organization voluntarily or due to dismissal, retirement, or death in service. 
• Employees may be counted more than once if they are terminated more than once in the same year. 
New candidates hired 
• Employees can be counted more than once if they are hired more than once in the same year. 
Average hours of training per year per employee 
• Average training hours include online and in-person training completed during the year ended December 31, 2024, for 
effective employees as of December 31, 2024, which is recorded in our enterprise learning management system. The 
metric does not include training completions maintained outside of the enterprise system and may contain multiple 
course completions for the same course by the same employee. 
• The estimated duration of each training, as designated by the training creator, was used for the calculation. Where an 
estimated duration is not available, the median estimated duration based on activity type of the training was used. 
Community contributions 
• Charitable contributions are to qualified charitable organizations defined as entities that holds active tax-exempt status 
under Section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service Code and classified as a public charity. This includes non-U.S. 
charities with international equivalent 501(c)(3) designations. 
Employees in leadership programs 
• This metric is calculated based on those participating in the program as of December 31, 2024. 
Diverse spend with suppliers 
• Baker Hughes’ tier 2 spend is allocatable indirect spend in U.S. dollars. It is calculated based on Baker Hughes’ suppliers’ 
spending with diverse suppliers, as defined by the supplier with which Baker Hughes contracts and the dollar volume of 
Baker Hughes’ business compared to the suppliers’ total revenue with Baker Hughes. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
  
     
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
 
  
      
        
   
      
   
  
   
    
 
   
       
 
 
 
   
   
 
  
  
     
    
  
    
     
   
    
– 
-
94

Metric Criteria KPIs Methodology 
Employee counts GRI 2-7, 
Management metric 
• Number of total employees Number of effective employees 
• Number of total employees by region Number of effective employees by respective region 
• Number of total employees by gender Number of effective employees by respective gender 
• Number of total employees by age group Number of effective employees by respective age group 
• Number of total employees by seniority Number of effective employees by respective seniority 
• Number of total employees by job function Number of effective employees by respective job function 
• Number of total employees by generation group Number of effective employees by respective generation 
• Number of total full time and part time employees Number of full time effective employees 
Number of part time effective employees 
• Number of total full time and part time employees by each region Number of full time effective employees by respective region 
Number of part time effective employees by respective region 
• Number of total full time and part time employees by each gender Number of full time effective employees by respective gender 
Number of part time effective employees by respective gender 
• Number of permanent, temporary and non-guaranteed hours employees Number of effective permanent, temporary and non-guaranteed hours employees 
• Number of permanent, temporary and non-guaranteed hours employees by gender Number of effective permanent, temporary and non-guaranteed hours employees by respective gender 
Non-employee workers GRI 2-8 • Number of non-employee workers in own workforce Number of active non-employee workers 
Employees by gender GRI 405-1 • Percentage of employees by gender Number of effective employees in respective gender as of year end divided by total number of effective employees as of year end 
• Percentage of employees by gender for each seniority Number of effective employees in respective seniority and gender as of year end divided by total effective employees in respective seniority as of 
year end 
• Percentage of employees by gender for each job function Number of effective employees in respective function and gender as of year end divided by total effective employees in respective job function as 
of year end 
• Percentage of employees that are people managers for each gender Number of effective employees designated as people manager of respective gender as of year end divided by total effective employees 
designated as people manager as of year end 
• Percentage of women-identifying employees on the Board of Directors Number of employees on the Board of Directors who identify as women as of year end divided by total number of Board of Directors as of year end 
Employees by age group GRI 405-1 • Percentage of employees by age group Number of effective employees in respective age group, divided by total effective employees 
• Percentage of employees by age group for each job function Number of effective employees in respective age group and job function divided by total effective employees in respective job function 
• Percentage of employees by age group for each seniority Number of effective employees in respective age group and seniority divided by total effective employees in respective seniority 
Employees by
generation group 
Management metric • Percentage of employees by generation group Number of effective employees by generation group divided by total effective employees 
Country representation Management metric • Number of employees working outside of the U.S. Number of effective employees that are working outside of the U.S. 
• Number of countries with employees Number of countries with effective employees 
• Number of nationalities represented by employees Number of nationalities represented by effective employees, as self-reported in Human Resources enterprise system 
U.S. employees - people 
of color (PoC) 
GRI 405-1, Management metric • Percentage of U.S. employees who identify as people of color Number of effective employees in the U.S. who identify as people of color as of year end divided by total number of effective employees in the U.S. as 
of year end 
• Percentage of U.S. employees who identify as people of color by seniority Number of effective employees in the U.S. who identify as people of color and are in respective seniority as of year end divided by total number of 
effective employees in the U.S. who are in respective seniority as of year end 
• Percentage of U.S. employees who identify as people of color by gender Number of effective employees in the U.S. who identify as people of color in respective gender category as of year end divided by total number of 
effective employees in the U.S. who identify as people of color as of year end 
Women in STEM roles Management metric • Percentage of women in STEM roles Number of effective employees who identify as women and who are in STEM roles divided by all effective employees in STEM roles 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
 
95

Employee attrition GRI 401-1 • Number and rate of total employee attrition Number of effective employees who were voluntarily or involuntarily terminated 
Number of effective employees who were voluntary or involuntary terminated divided by the average monthly effective employee count 
• Number and rate of total employee attrition by gender Number of effective employees in respective gender category who were voluntary or involuntary terminated 
Number of effective employees in respective gender category who were voluntary or involuntary terminated divided by the average monthly 
effective employee count in respective gender category 
• Number and rate of total employee attrition by age group Number of effective employees in respective age group who were voluntary or involuntary terminated 
Number of effective employees in respective age group who were voluntary or involuntary terminated divided by the average monthly effective 
employee count in respective age group 
• Number and rate of total employee attrition by region Number of effective employees in respective region who were voluntary or involuntary terminated 
Number of effective employees in respective region who were voluntary or involuntary terminated divided by the average monthly effective 
employee count in respective region 
Voluntary attrition Management metric • Number and rate of voluntary employee attrition Number of effective employees who were voluntarily terminated 
Number of effective employees who were voluntarily terminated divided by the average monthly effective employee count 
• Number and rate of voluntary employee attrition by gender Number of effective employees in respective gender category who were voluntarily terminated 
Number of effective employees in respective gender category who were voluntarily terminated divided by the average monthly effective employee 
count in respective gender category 
• Number and rate of voluntary employee attrition by age group Number of effective employees in respective age group who were voluntarily terminated 
Number of effective employees in respective age group who were voluntarily terminated divided by the average monthly effective employee count 
in respective age group 
• Number and rate of voluntary employee attrition by region Number of effective employees in respective region who were voluntarily terminated 
Number of effective employees in respective region who were voluntarily terminated divided by the average monthly effective employee count in 
respective region 
New candidates hired GRI 401-1, 
Management metric 
• Number of external candidates hired Number of external candidates who were hired 
• Number of external candidates hired by gender Number of external candidates by respective gender who were hired 
• Number of external candidates hired by age group Number of external candidates by respective age group who were hired 
• Number of external candidates hired by region Number of external candidates by respective region who were hired 
• Number of external candidates hired by employee type Number of external candidates who were hired by employee type (effective employees and trainees) 
• Number of internal candidates hired Number of internal candidates who were hired 
• Number of internal candidates hired by gender Number of internal candidates by respective gender who were hired 
• Number of internal candidates hired by age group Number of internal candidates by respective age group who were hired 
• Number of internal candidates hired by region Number of internal candidates by respective region who were hired 
Employees in leadership 
programs 
Management metric • Total number of participants in leadership development programs (ASPIRE, IMPACT 
and CULTIVATE) 
Number of participants in leadership development programs including ASPIRE (early career leadership program), IMPACT (mid-career leadership 
program) and CULTIVATE (mid-career leadership program for women) 
• Number of employees participating in each leadership development program Number of participants in each ASPIRE, IMPACT and CULTIVATE programs 
• Number of ASPIRE and IMPACT participants who identify as women Number of participants who identify as women in ASPIRE and IMPACT 
Average hours of
training per year per 
employee 
GRI 404-1 • Average hours of training per employee Number of recorded learning hours completed divided by number of effective employees 
• Average hours of training per employee by gender Number of recorded learning hours completed in respective gender divided by number of effective employees in respective gender 
• Average hours of training per employee by career band Number of recorded learning hours completed in respective career band divided by number of effective employees in respective career band 
• Average hours of training per employee by job function Number of recorded learning hours completed in respective job function divided by number of effective employees in respective job function 
• Average hours of training per employee by operating segment Number of recorded learning hours completed in respective business segment divided by number of effective employees in respective business 
segment 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
 
96

Regular performance 
and career development 
reviews 
GRI 404-3 • Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews 
Number of effective employees who have completed the annual performance and career development review divided by total number of eligible 
effective employees 
• Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by gender 
Number of effective employees who have completed the annual performance and career development review in respective gender category 
divided by total number of eligible effective employees in respective gender category 
• Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by career band 
Number of effective employees who have completed the annual performance and career development review in respective career band divided 
by total number of eligible effective employees in respective career band 
• Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development 
reviews by job function 
Number of effective employees who have completed the annual performance and career development review in respective job function divided 
by total number of eligible effective employees in respective job function 
Community 
contributions 
Management metric • Number of volunteer service hours Number of self-reported volunteer hours by active full-time employees 
• Amount of employee-matched contributions made by the Baker Hughes Foundation Amount of employee-matched contributions made by the Baker Hughes Foundation 
• Amount of company and foundation financial pledges and contributions Amount of company and foundation financial pledges and contributions 
• Amount of company in-kind contributions Amount of company in-kind contributions 
The value of in-kind donations is calculated by looking at product sales price of in-kind donations. Company in-kind contributions represent OFSE 
business segment software licenses only 
• Total amount of charitable contributions Total amount of charitable contributions (sum of employee-matched contributions, Baker Hughes Foundation financial contributions, Company in-
kind contributions) 
Diverse spend with
suppliers 
Management metric • Amount spent with diverse suppliers and small businesses by Baker Hughes  Tier 1 
spend 
Amount of money paid against invoices from suppliers’ who are diverse or qualify as a small businesses 
• Amount spent with diverse suppliers and small businesses by Baker Hughes’ suppliers 
 Tier 2 spend 
Amount of money reported to Baker Hughes by suppliers as part of Tier 2 Diverse Supplier Program 
• Total amount spent  (Tier 1 and Tier 2) Total amount spent (sum of Tier 1 spend plus Tier 2 spend) 
Employee resource 
group (ERG) membership 
Management metric • Number of employees enrolled in at least one employee resource group Number of active employees enrolled in at least one ERG 
• Percentage of employees enrolled in at least one employee resource group Number of active employees enrolled in at least one ERG divided by total number of active employees 
Parental leave GRI 401-3 • Number of employees entitled to parental leave Number of effective employees entitled to parental leave 
• Number of employees entitled to parental leave by gender Number of effective employees entitled to parental leave by respective gender 
• Number of employees that took parental leave Number of effective employees with an approved leave for maternity, paternity and/or parental 
• Number of employees that took parental leave by gender Number of effective employees with an approved leave for maternity, paternity and/or parental by respective gender 
• Number of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following leave Number of effective employees with approved leave for maternity, paternity and/or parental that have returned to work 
• Number of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following leave 
by gender 
Number of effective employees with approved leave for maternity, paternity and/or parental that have returned to work by respective gender 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
  
 
 
                     
    
 
 
 – 
–
 – 
97

Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions 
Statements on GHG CO2e Emissions (MT CO2e) 
2024 2019
 (base year) 
Total scope 1 emissions 386,367 499,168 
Scope 1 - facilities emissions 98,425 164,080 
Scope 1 - field emissions 181,885 197,667 
Scope 1 - fleet emissions 106,056 137,421 
Total scope 2 indirect emissions - location based 212,476 306,757 
Total scope 2 Indirect emissions - market based 178,361 300,026 
Total scope 1 and 2 emissions (Market Based) 564,728 799,194 
Total reported scope 3 emissions 375,422,658 275,929,118 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
Note 1 - Basis of presentation 
Baker Hughes Company (“Baker Hughes,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is an 
energy technology company with a diversified portfolio of technologies and 
services that span the energy and industrial value chain. Built on a century of 
experience and conducting business in over 120 countries, our innovative 
technologies and services are taking energy forward. 
The Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions have been prepared for the 
period January 1 to December 31, corresponding to the Company's fiscal year, 
unless otherwise stated in the methodology. The Notes presented in this report 
are for the current reporting period ended December 31, 2024 and base year 
when presented. 
The Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions do not include 2020-2023 
emissions data since recalculated GHG emissions data for all years between the 
base year and the reporting year is optional, as noted in the World Resources 
Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) GHG 
Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition. 
Scope 1 
GHG emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRI/ 
WBCSD GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised 
Edition. Scope 1 represents direct GHG emissions that occur from sources that are 
owned or controlled by Baker Hughes. 
• Scope 1, facilities: Where fuel quantity is known, stationary combustion source 
methodology is used as described in the Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA) Mandatory Reporting Rule, 40 CFR Part 98 Subpart C based on actual 
purchases during the year. Where fuel quantity is unknown, estimation 
methodology is based on size of occupied space and type of operation using 
the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) Commercial Buildings Energy 
Consumption Survey (CBECS) data. 
• Scope 1, field activities: Where fuel quantity is known, stationary combustion 
source methodology is used as described in the EPA Mandatory Reporting 
Rule, 40 CFR Part 98 Subpart C based on actual purchases during the year or 
actual consumption in instances where fuel was not purchased. Where fuel 
quantity is unknown, fuel quantity is calculated using known fuel purchase 
records, operating hours and an average hourly consumption rate for field 
equipment. 
• Scope 1, fleet activities (vehicles and marine vessels): Where fuel quantity is 
known or based on fixed usage contracts, mobile combustion source 
methodology is as described in the EPA Center for Corporate Climate 
Leadership GHG Inventory Guidance on Direct Emissions from Mobile 
Combustion Sources. Where vehicle fuel quantity is unknown, estimation 
methodology is based on regional averages of similar vehicles with known 
fuel usage. 
Scope 2 
GHG emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRI/ 
WBCSD GHG Protocol scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol 
Corporate Standard. Scope 2 accounts for GHG emissions from the generation of 
purchased electricity, heating, steam and cooling consumed by the Company. 
• Scope 2, facilities: Emissions from electricity use are calculated with U.S. EPA 
eGRID, Canada National Inventory, International Energy Agency and 
Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB) emission factors. We calculate market-
based emissions based on electricity procurement decisions and details 
including contracts, renewable energy certificates (RECs) in the U.S. and 
renewable energy guarantees of origin (REGOs) in the United Kingdom (U.K.) 
and European Union. European residual mix factors are used where REGOs are 
unavailable. Location-based emissions are calculated using national grid 
factors by location for our global facility portfolio. Where electricity use data is 
unavailable, estimation methodology involves calculation of energy use 
based on square footage and facility type using the EIA CBECS data. 
• Scope 2, remote work: Emissions associated with remote work are included in 
scope 2. This categorization deviates from the GHG Protocol; however, we take 
this approach to counterbalance reduced emissions resulting from fewer 
office-based employees working on-site at our facilities since the COVID-19 
pandemic. The Company continues to offer flexible work arrangements to our 
global employees and remote working has continued at a somewhat lower 
rate. Emissions from home office electricity use were assessed in a Baker 
Hughes-specific home office study. The study assessed the actual electricity 
use by volunteer employee participants and calculated the corresponding 
emissions using IEA Emission Factors. 
• Scope 2, vehicles and marine vessels: Emissions from electricity use are 
calculated with IEA Emission Factors based on the level of data granularity 
available. Both market-based and location-based emissions are calculated 
using national grid factors by location for our non-internal combustion 
engine (ICE) vehicles. Where electricity use data is unavailable for specific 
months, estimation methodology involves calculation of energy use based on 
actual electricity usage for non-ICE vehicles. Where electricity use data is not 
available for the full year, estimation methodology involves calculation of fuel 
consumption based on actual fuel usage for ICE vehicles under scope 1. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
  
 
 
             
          
              
          
      
              
            
            
             
  
            
            
              
         
        
   
  
      
  
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
  
    
    
 
   
  
   
  
    
 
   
      
     
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
    
   
  
  
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
   
 
 
   
  
    
98

Scope 3 
GHG emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRI/ 
WBCSD GHG Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (scope 3), Accounting and 
Reporting Standard. Scope 3 includes indirect GHG emissions (not included in 
scope 2) that occur in the value chain of the Company, including both upstream 
and downstream emissions categories listed in Notes 7 and 8. 
Collectively, the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard, Revised Edition, the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to 
the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and the GHG Protocol: Corporate Value 
Chain (scope 3), Accounting and Reporting Standard are referred to as the “GHG 
Protocol” in this document. 
Estimation uncertainties 
The Company obtains energy use data from across our global operations for the 
calculation of our GHG inventory in accordance with the GHG Protocol. However, 
there are measurement uncertainties resulting from the limitations inherent in the 
nature and methods used to calculate energy and emissions for the subset of 
facilities and activities where actual use data is not available. These 
methodologies are described within the Statements and Notes on GHG Emissions 
for scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions categories. The selection by the Company's 
management of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have 
resulted in materially different measurements. 
Note 2 – GHG reporting inventory boundaries 
Organizational boundary 
The Company presents its emissions under the operational control approach, 
accounting for emissions from operations over which it, or one of its subsidiaries, 
has the full authority to introduce and implement its operating policies. We 
exclude minority-owned joint ventures not operated by the Company. 
Scope 1 and 2 operational boundaries 
We include scope 1 CO2e emissions from the combustion of fuels onsite at our 
facilities, including natural gas, distillate, gasoline, kerosene, propane, residual fuel 
oil and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Scope 1 also includes offsite activities 
associated with transportation in our company vehicle fleet and field activities 
related to stimulation work carried out on marine vessels, pressure pumping 
operations, integrated well services and solutions and offshore wireline activities. 
Scope 2 includes CO2e emissions from the purchase and self-generation of 
renewable and nonrenewable electricity, heating, steam and cooling used on-site 
across our global facility and vehicle portfolio. Emissions associated with remote 
work are also included in scope 2. 
For both scope 1 and 2, the Company includes emissions from both owned and 
leased facilities, vehicles and equipment. The Company accounts for CO2e 
emissions from long-term leased assets (equipment, vehicles and real estate) 
that are treated as wholly-owned assets in financial accounting and are 
recorded as such on the balance sheet. We account for emissions from all other 
leased vehicles based on operational fleet management inventories. Facilities 
subleased to third parties are excluded and scope 1 does not include emissions 
from process and pipeline services because robust methods to calculate these 
are not yet available. 
Scope 3 operational boundaries: 
Scope 3 includes the following GHG Protocol categories: 
• Category 1 purchased goods and services; 
• Category 2 capital goods; 
• Category 3 fuel and energy related activities (not included in scope 1 and 2); 
• Category 4 upstream transportation and distribution; shipments paid for by 
Baker Hughes and captured in transportation management systems; 
• Category 5 waste generated in operations; 
• Category 6 business travel; 
• Category 7 employee commuting; 
• Category 9 downstream transportation and distribution; outbound 
shipments not paid for by Baker Hughes; 
• Category 11 use of sold products; direct-use phase emissions from products 
and services; and 
• Category 15 investments; equity investments. 
Base year 
The GHG base year applies to scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 CO2e emissions and 
has been prepared in accordance with the GHG Protocol. The Company has 
established 2019 as the base year for scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions reduction 
comparison as it best represents the most recent year of business-as-usual 
operations prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. Baker Hughes has established a 
policy to recalculate base year emissions based on a 5% cumulative significance 
threshold applied to adjustments of scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 emissions 
categories individually for any reporting year. Significant changes evaluated for 
recalculation include recent company structural changes, boundary 
enhancement and enhancements in methodology and data. The recalculation of 
our fixed-base year emissions is in accordance with the GHG Protocol’s “same-
year/all-year” approach. 
Adjustments to the scope 1 and 2 2019 base year were made for: 
• Acquisition of four businesses in 2023; 
• Changes in accounting methodology for more accurate facility emissions 
estimations and enhancements in our fleet accounting; 
• Enhancements in fleet accounting include a more accurate estimate 
methodology and the inclusion of new vehicle types that support the 
electrification and decarbonization of the fleet, with the inclusion of expanded 
powertrain options for vehicle emissions calculations. 
Adjustments to the scope 3 2019 base year were made for: 
• Acquisitions of four businesses in 2023 that affected all categories; 
• Changes in accounting methodology for categories 1 and 2 to better 
separate emissions from capital goods; Category 1 to include non-purchase 
order spend data and category 2 that utilizes alternate data sources; 
• Update to category 5 methodology to now include waste water treatment; 
• Update to emissions factors (EFs) for category 6 for spend-based emissions 
estimates; 
• Category 15 EFs updated using the EPA Supply Chain GHG Emissions Factors. 
Market-based approach 
GHG emissions can be reduced through energy efficiency and conservation 
measures and by increasing the use of zero carbon or low-carbon energy 
sources. The market-based approach calculates the carbon emissions based on 
our electricity procurement decisions, which include the use of renewables and 
zero-emissions energy sources such as nuclear. Details including contracts, RECs 
and REGOs are used in calculating market-based emissions. We apply Energy 
Attribute Certificates (EACs) only to the electricity consumption of specific 
facilities under the contract. Excess EACs are not applied to sites or regions other 
than those under contract. We use market-based values to assess our 
performance against our stated emissions reduction goals in the current 
reporting year as compared to our base year. 
Global warming potentials 
GHG emissions were calculated using the Global Warming Potentials (GWP) from 
the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Sixth Assessment Report (AR6 
100 year). Where emission factors are published with prior Assessment Report 
GWPs, we have adjusted the factors to use AR6 for consistency across our 
inventory. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
          
          
           
              
          
          
            
           
             
    
          
             
            
        
              
          
          
           
           
          
           
          
           
       
              
         
          
           
              
   
    
    
    
   
  
     
    
 
  
  
  
   
 
    
  
     
   
     
   
    
  
    
  
 
 
    
    
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
 
  
 
     
 
 
     
  
  
 
     
   
 
  
– 
-
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
– 
99

GHG Emissions Factors 
Scope 1 
Fleet (vehicles and marine vessels) Distillate fuel, 
gasoline/petrol 
2019: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 1), March 26, 2020 
U.S. EPA, Inventory of U.S. GHG Emissions and Sinks: 1990–2016 EPA 430-R-18-003, Annex 3.2 
2024: U.S EPA, Inventory of U.S. GHG Emissions and Sinks: 1990–2022 | 2024 All Annexes (pdf) | Table A-68, Table A-71 and Table A-72. April 11, 2024 
U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 1, 2 and 5). June 5, 2024 
Field activities (pressure pumping, wireline, integrated well 
services and marine vessels) 
Distillate fuel 2019: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 1 and 5), March 26, 2020 
2024: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 1), June 5, 2024 
Facilities Natural gas, distillate, gasoline, kerosene, LPG, 
propane, residual fuel oil, HFCs 
2019: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 1), March 26, 2020 
International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 46  Global warming consequences of replacing natural gas with hydrogen in the domestic energy sectors of future low-
carbon economies in the U.K. and U.S., July 8, 2021 
2024: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 1), June 5, 2024 
International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 46  Global warming consequences of replacing natural gas with hydrogen in the domestic energy sectors of future low-
carbon economies in the  U.K. and U.S., July 8, 2021 
Scope 2 
Facilities Electricity 2019: U.S. EPA eGRID 2018, March 9, 2020; 2019 Canada National Inventory Report 1990-2017, Annex 13-2 through 13-14, 2019 
IEA 2017 released 2019 
AIB, European Residual Mixes 2019, Version 1.1, August 9, 2020 
2024: U.S. EPA eGRID 2022, January 30, 2024 
2024 Canada National Inventory Report 1990-2022, Part 3, Table A13.1-13.14, April 2024 
IEA 2024 released October 2024 
AIB, European Residual Mixes 2023, Version 1.0, Table 2, May 30, 2024 
Fleet (vehicles and marine vessels) Electricity 2024: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 1), June 5, 2024 
2024: U.S. EPA Inventory of U.S. GHG Emissions and Sinks: 1990–2022 | 2024 All Annexes (pdf), April 11, 2024 
Remote work Electricity 2019: IEA 2017 released 2019 
2024: IEA 2024 released October 2024 
Emissions scope Emissions source Emissions factors - source/years 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
  
 –
 – 
100

Upstream scope 3 
Category 1 Purchased goods and services 2019: EXIOBASE 3 Environmentally Extended Multi-Regional Input Output (EE-MRIO) tables, Version 3.7, December 18, 2019 
2024: EXIOBASE 3 EE-MRIO tables, Version 3.8.2, October 21, 2021 
Category 2 Capital goods 2019: EXIOBASE 3 EE-MRIO tables, Version 3.7, December 18, 2019 
2024: EXIOBASE 3 EE-MRIO tables, Version 3.8.2, October 21, 2021 
Category 3 Fuel- and energy-related activities (not included in 
scope 1 or scope 2) 
2019: Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) U.K.Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2019 v 1. Fuels wheel to tank 
(WTT) 
IEA 2024 Life Cycle Upstream Emission Factors 2024, Total Upstream Factors and Life Cycle Transmission and Distribution (T&D) Factors tabs 
2024: DEFRA 2024  U.K. Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2024 v 1. Fuels WTT 
IEA 2024 Life Cycle Upstream Emission Factors 2024, Total Upstream Factors and Life Cycle T&D Factors tabs 
Category 4 Upstream 
transportation and 
distribution 
2019: DEFRA 2019 U.K.Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2019, v 1. Freighting Goods Table 
DEFRA 2019 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2019 v 1. Freight WTT 
2024: DEFRA 2024 U.K. Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2024, v 1. Freighting Goods Table 
DEFRA 2024 U.K. Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2024 v 1. Freight WTT 
Category 5 Waste generated in 
operations 
2019: U.S. EPA Emission Factors Hub 2020 Table 9, March 26, 2020 
DEFRA 2019 U.K. Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2019 v 1. Water Treatment 
2024: U.S. EPA Emission Factors Hub 2024, Table 9, June 5, 2024 
DEFRA 2024 U.K. Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2024 v 1. Water Treatment 
Downstream scope 3 
Category 6 Business travel 2019: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Tables 2 and 10), March 26, 2020 
India GHG Program 2015. V 1, Passenger Car Table, p. 9 
2024: DEFRA 2024 U.K. Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2024 v1.1 (hotel stay, Business travel- air, Business travel- land) 
U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 2 and 10), June 5, 2024 
India GHG Program 2015. V 1, Passenger Car Table, p. 9 
U.S. EPA Environmentally-Extended Input-Output (U.S. EEIO) v1.1 
Category 7 Employee 
commuting 
2019: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 10), March 26, 2020. 
DEFRA 2019 U.K. Government GHG Conversion Factors for company reporting 2019 v 1. Business Travel Land and WTT - passenger vehicles and travel - land 
India GHG Program 2015. V 1, Passenger Car Table, p. 9 
2024: U.S. EPA Emission Factors for GHG Inventories (Table 10), June 5, 2024 
DEFRA 2024 U.K. Government GHG Conversion Factors for company reporting 2023 v 1. Business Travel Land and WTT - passenger vehicles and travel - land 
India GHG Program 2015. V 1, Passenger Car Table, p. 9 
Category 9 Downstream transportation and distribution 2019 and 2024: Same as category 4 
Category 11 Use of sold products  IEA 2019 Life Cycle Upstream Emission Factors 2024, Total Upstream Factors and Life Cycle T&D Factors tabs, Released October 2022 
SimaPro 9.0.0.30 with Ecoinvent 3.5 database 
2024: EcoInvent 3.6 database. 
IEA 2024 Life Cycle Upstream Emission Factors 2024, Total Upstream Factors and Life Cycle T&D Factors tabs, Released October 2024 
Category 15 Investments 2019 – 2024: U.S. EPA U.S. EEIO v1.3 - Supply Chain GHG Emissions Factors v1.3, July 10, 2024 
Emissions scope Emissions source Emissions factors - source/years 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
             
 
 
 
-
101

Note 3 - CO2e intensity 
Market based: MT CO2e per $ revenue 
Total scope 1, scope 2 (market-based) and scope 3 emissions per dollar of revenue for the year ended December 31. 
2024 2019 
(base year) 
Scope 1 per $ revenue 0.0000140 0.0000210 
Scope 2 per $ revenue 0.0000060 0.0000130 
Total scope 1 and 2 per $ revenue 0.0000203 0.0000335 
Scope 3 per $ revenue 0.0134900 0.0115750 
Total per $ revenue 0.0135106 0.0116087 
Total revenue (millions USD) $27,829 $23,838 
Note 4 - CO2e Emissions data by GHG 
GHG emissions by gas 
Emissions data for all seven GHGs in metric tonnes and in tonnes of CO2e include only scope 1 and 2 emissions. The GHG 
emissions disclosed in the Statements and notes on GHG CO2e Emissions include the following seven GHGs: CO2, methane 
(CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), HFCs, perflourocarbons (PFCs), nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) and sulfur hexafluoride (SF6). 
in MT CO2e 
CO2 CH4 N2O HFCs PFCs NF3 SF6 
2024 
Scope 1 384,108 1,209 1,050 0 0 0 0 
Scope 2, Location-Based 
Approach 211,564 334 578 Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Scope 2, Market-Based Approach 177,736 214 412 Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
in absolute MT gas 
CO2 CH4 N2O HFCs PFCs NF3 SF6 
2024 
Scope 1 384,108 43 4 0 0 0 0 
Scope 2, Location-Based Approach 211,564 12 2 Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Scope 2, Market-Based Approach 177,736 8 2 Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Not 
applicable 
Note 5 - Emissions data on direct or biogenic CO2 emissions from biologically 
sequestered carbon 
There are no material emissions applicable to biologically sequestered carbon (e.g., CO2 from burning biomass or biofuels). 
Note 6 - Information on offsets 
It is the Baker Hughes sustainability policy to exhaust all carbon emissions reduction pathways prior to starting to use offsets. 
Carbon offsets are not included in our short to mid-term net-zero roadmap (see Note 2, Market-based approach). 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
    
 
     
    
  
    
    
    
    
     
     
  
102

Note 7 - Scope 3 reporting boundaries 
Scope 3 reporting (MT CO2e) 
2024 2019 
(base year) 
Notes 
Upstream scope 3 emissions 
Category 1 Purchased goods 
and services 7,346,257 5,535,931 
Includes purchase order and non-purchase order spend related to purchased goods and services, except for capital goods (category 2), utilities 
(category 3), logistics (category 4), waste (category 5) and business travel (category 6). Spend considered relates to raw materials, finished and semi-
finished goods and services provided to the Company. 
Category 2 Capital goods 172,789 106,850 Includes emissions from the upstream production of plant, property and equipment, as defined at the point of purchase by sourcing. 
Category 3 Fuel and energy-related 
activities 
(not included in 
scope 1 or 2) 
139,608 185,620 
Includes emissions from fuel and energy-related activities not already accounted for in scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. 
Category 4 Upstream 
transportation 
and distribution 
392,524 676,589 
Includes domestic and international third-party owned or operated transportation via land, sea or air purchased by Baker Hughes. 
Category 5 Waste generated 
in operations 102,502 156,048 Includes emissions from the disposal of waste types, wastewater, hazardous and non-hazardous waste and disposal methods, such as recycling, landfill 
or re-use. 
Category 6 Business travel 
76,580 100,588 
Includes business travel booked within and outside of Baker Hughes' third-party booking system and out-of-pocket business travel expenses. This 
includes business travel activities such as air, rail, bus and automobiles (including employee-owned and rental cars), as well as hotel stays when 
employees travel. 
Category 7 Employee 
commuting 150,290 186,559 Includes commuting emissions from active employees except for home office emissions for employees who work remotely. This includes travel by 
personal vehicle, public transportation or other zero emission transportation methods. Optional home office emissions are reported under scope 2. 
Category 8 Leased assets Not applicable Not applicable Over 99% of emissions from the operation of leased assets are included in scope 1 and 2, or scope 3 category 11. 
Downstream scope 3 emissions 
Category 9 Downstream 
transportation and 
distribution 
241,846 481,799 
Includes domestic and international third-party owned or operated transportation related to Baker Hughes products, via land, sea or air, purchased by 
value chain partners. 
Category 10 Processing of sold 
products Insignificant Insignificant Over 99% of Baker Hughes revenues are from finished goods. 
Category 11 Use of sold 
products 366,523,904 268,373,101 Includes in-use emissions from products and services sold by Baker Hughes. These direct use-phase emissions originate from the combustion of fuel or 
consumption of electricity, steam and leakage of GHGs during the operation of sold products and services. 
Category 12 End-of-life 
treatment of sold 
products 
Not reported Not reported 
Further engagement with customers is needed to understand how products are disposed/dispositioned. 
Category 13 Leased assets Excluded category Excluded category Baker Hughes does not distinguish between products sold and leased and therefore accounts for leased assets within category 11 - use of sold products. 
Category 14 Franchises Not applicable Not applicable Baker Hughes does not operate franchises. 
Category 15 Investments 276,357 126,032 Includes equity investments that are not consolidated into Baker Hughes financial statements. Certain equity investments are not included as the 
Company is limited in its ability to collect data. 
Total reported scope 3 emissions 375,422,657 275,929,117 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
103

Upstream scope 3 emissions 
Category 1, Purchased goods and services Activity data: 
(Primary data) direct and indirect purchasing activity in the reporting year 
Emissions factors: 
(Secondary data) cradle-to-gate emission factors for purchased goods and services were obtained 
from EXIOBASE3 
The calculation uses the spend-based methodology. Where spend cannot be mapped to a United 
Nations Standard Products and Services Code (UNSPSC), emissions are estimated through 
extrapolation of mapped spend. 
Emissions = (spend by UNSPSC) x (mapped EEIO factor) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Very Good 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or other value chain partners 0% 
Category 2, Capital goods Activity data: 
(Primary data) direct and indirect purchasing activity in the reporting year 
(Secondary data) cradle-to-gate emission factors for purchased goods and services were obtained 
from EXIOBASE3 
The calculation uses the spend-based methodology. Where spend cannot be mapped to a UNSPSC 
code, emissions are estimated through extrapolation of mapped spend. 
Emissions = (spend by category) x (mapped EEIO factor) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Very Good 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or other value chain partners 0% 
Category 3, Fuel- and energy-related activities Activity data: 
(Primary data) scope 1 and scope 2 usage (MWh) data by fuel or energy source 
Emissions factors: 
Fuels and purchased heat - DEFRA Conversion Factors for Company Reporting table on WTT Emission 
Factors, as well as Electricity - IEA Emission Factors. 
This category uses scope 1 and 2 activity data in MWh and applies appropriate upstream and 
transmission and distribution emissions factors as applicable. 
Emissions = (Scope 1 or 2 usage by energy source) x (upstream emissions factor) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Very Good 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or other value chain partners 47% 
Category 4, Upstream 
transportation and 
logistics 
Activity data: 
(Primary data) Details from the Company’s transportation management system including the 
freight spend, origin and destination of the shipment, the mode of transport and weight for domestic 
and international movements. 
Emissions factors: 
(Secondary data) The emission factors are from DEFRA Conversion Factors for Company Reporting, 
Freighting Goods table for each mode of transport. 
The calculation uses a combination of the distance-based and spend-based methodology. Where 
activity data is not available, freight spend is used to extrapolate emissions. 
Emissions = (Emission factor by mode x distance of movement x weight of shipment by mode)/(% of 
total freight spend with activity data) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers 
or other value chain partners 0% 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TYPES AND SOURCES OF DATA USED TO CALCULATE 
EMISSIONS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE METHODOLOGIES, ALLOCATION METHODS AND 
ASSUMPTIONS USED TO CALCULATE EMISSIONS 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 8 - Scope 3 data source, assumptions and methodology 
Summary of the category scope, types and sources of data used, data quality, methodology, allocation methods and assumptions used to calculate emissions. 
104

DESCRIPTION OF THE TYPES AND SOURCES OF DATA USED TO CALCULATE 
EMISSIONS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE METHODOLOGIES, ALLOCATION METHODS AND 
ASSUMPTIONS USED TO CALCULATE EMISSIONS 
Category 5, Waste generated from operations Activity data: 
(Primary data) The quantities of wastewater, hazardous, non-hazardous, recycled and e-waste 
generated during operations were obtained from the Company’s HSE data management system. 
The data also includes the treatment methods recycling, landfill, incineration without energy 
recovery and others. 
Emissions factors: 
(Secondary data) The emission factors are from the U.S. EPA GHG Emission Factors Hub, Table 9 as 
well as DEFRA Conversion Factors for Company Reporting table on Water Treatment 
The calculation uses the Waste-Type-Specific methodology. Where data is unavailable (does not 
meet reporting threshold of 10,000 square feet facility or some rental facilities), activity data is 
extrapolated considering region and facility type. For 2019, we backcast emissions based on 2022 
waste quantities, the 2019 DEFRA Conversion Factor and 2019 revenue. The back-casting of 2022 
waste quantities is based on the facilities under operational control in 2022. 
Emissions = (emission factor by waste type and disposal method) x (amount of waste by type and 
disposal method) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers 
or other value chain partners 78% 
Category 6, Business travel Activity data: 
(Primary data) Distance per mode of transportation and number of hotel nights Baker Hughes 
employees booked in the reporting year is collected by Baker Hughes external partners, namely our 
travel management partner and preferred rental car providers. 
(Primary data) Distance travelled by personal use of car for business travel as reported in Baker 
Hughes expense management system. 
Emissions factors: 
(Secondary data) Emission factors for rental cars are from EPA by car class and GWP values as 
reported within the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report. 
(Secondary data) Emission factors for hotel are from DEFRA GHG Conversion Factors for Company 
Reporting – “hotel stay”. Where data is not available by country, an average emission factor is 
applied. 
(Secondary data) Emission factors for air are from DEFRA’s GHG Conversion Factors considering flight 
types (short haul, long haul) and cabin class. 
(Secondary data) Emission factors for rail are from DEFRA’s GHG Conversion Factors considering 
national and international rail. 
(Secondary data) Emission factors for personal cars used for business travel are from country-
specific sources. U.S. – EPA Emission Factors Hub; India GHG Program; U.K. and all other countries
DEFRA Conversion Factors. 
(Secondary data) Emission factor for public transportation spend is from U.S. EEIO matrices 
The calculation uses the distance-based methodology for travel and hotel stays and spend-based 
methodology for expenses. 
Emissions = ∑ (distance travelled by vehicle type (vehicle-km or passenger-km) × vehicle specific 
emission factor (kg CO2e/vehicle-km or kg CO2e/passenger-km)) + ∑ (annual number of hotel nights 
(nights) × hotel emission factor (kg CO2e/night)) + (( ∑ (expenses claimed for public transport) - 
∑ (expenses covered by other reports)) x EEIO emission factor (kg CO2e/$)) 
Reports used for other travel expenses include reports from third party travel vendors. 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers 
or other value chain partners 82% 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 8 - Scope 3 data source, assumptions and methodology (continued) 
Summary of the category of the scope, types and sources of data used, data quality, methodology, allocation methods and assumptions used to calculate emissions. 
– 
105

DESCRIPTION OF THE TYPES AND SOURCES OF DATA USED TO CALCULATE 
EMISSIONS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE METHODOLOGIES, ALLOCATION METHODS AND 
ASSUMPTIONS USED TO CALCULATE EMISSIONS 
Category 7, Employee commuting Activity data: 
(Primary data) Employee count from human capital management system and direct employee 
commuting data (mode, distance, frequency) taken by a company wide survey 
(Secondary data) Estimated one-way commute miles from U.S. Department of Transportation, 
Federal Highway Administration, 
For 2019: 2010 Status of the Nation’s Highways, Bridges and Transit: Conditions and 
Performance Table for U.S. one-way commute miles, privately owned vehicle: 2019 data: 
https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/2010cpr/execsum.cfm 
For 2024: 2022 National Household Travel Survey: Table 7-4: Commute patterns by mode of 
transportation, 2022, privately owned vehicles (https://nhts.ornl.gov/assets/2022/ 
pub/2022_NHTS_Summary_Travel_Trends.pdf) 
(Secondary data) Annual vehicle distance traveled in miles and related data by highway category 
and vehicle type from U.S. Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Administration, 
For 2019: https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/statistics/2018/pdf/vm1.pdf 
For 2024: https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/statistics/2022/pdf/vm1.pdf 
Emissions factors: 
(Secondary data) Emissions factors from EPA GHG Emissions Factors Hub – Table 10 Scope 3 
Category 6 and 7 
This calculation uses the average-data method and assumes an average distance travelled each 
day, number of employees working from home and 48 working weeks in a year with a 5-day work 
week. 
Assumes car travel is representative of employee commuting behaviors as other data is not 
available. We aspire to improve the data quality in the future by surveying our employee base. 
Emissions = total distance travelled by vehicle type x ∑ ((# employees - # employees working 
remotely) x distance travelled from work to home/day (one-way) x 2 x number of commuting days 
per year) OR emissions = distance travelled x emission factor per vehicle type x frequency of 
commute. Only applicable to employees who responded to the survey. 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or other value chain partners 8% 
Category 9, Downstream transportation and distribution Activity data : 
(Secondary data) 
Category 4 emissions from upstream transportation and distribution and estimated percentage of 
Baker Hughes purchased shipments vs. third-party purchased shipments, based on Incoterms 
weighted by activity. 
(Secondary data) 
Revenue data, along with Incoterm weighting, is used to estimate emissions for category 9. 
This calculation uses a combination of distance-based and spend-based methods. Emissions are 
estimated for category 9 by extrapolating emissions from category 4 based on revenue. 
Emissions = (emissions from outbound category 4) x (ratio of BH-purchased vs. not purchased) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Fair 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers or other value chain partners 0% 
Downstream scope 3 emissions 
Category 11, Use of sold products Activity data: 
(Primary data) Sales data, ERP system shipment data for products and operating hours for service 
delivery. 
(Primary data) Product specifications and subject-matter expert testimony. 
Emissions factors: 
(Secondary data) See GHG Emission Factors table in Note 2 above. 
We calculate direct use-phase emissions for products and services. Energy consumption, gas 
leakage, product utilization and estimated lifetime of products is based on product expert 
knowledge and technical calculations. Emissions are recognized once for the entire lifetime of 
products. 
Emissions = sum of emissions (MT CO2e) x quantity sold in reporting year (functional unit) x expected 
life (years) x allocation factor 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Fair 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers 
or other value chain partners 0% 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Note 8 - Scope 3 data source, assumptions and methodology (continued) 
Summary of the category of the scope, types and sources of data used, data quality, methodology, allocation methods and assumptions used to calculate emissions. 
– 
– 
– 
– 
106

DESCRIPTION OF THE TYPES AND SOURCES OF DATA USED TO CALCULATE 
EMISSIONS 
DESCRIPTION OF THE METHODOLOGIES, ALLOCATION METHODS AND 
ASSUMPTIONS USED TO CALCULATE EMISSIONS 
Category 15, Investments Activity data: 
(Primary data) Revenue and industry of equity investments which are not consolidated into the 
Company’s financial statements. 
Emissions factors are U.S. EEIO Emission Factors - which are mapped to the primary business purpose 
for each investment. 
This estimation uses the average data method by taking reported revenue data from the invested 
companies and applying an emissions factor based on the purpose of the business. 
Where investments do not report revenue (e.g. due to being pre-revenue or inactive), no emissions 
are calculated. 
Emissions = ($ revenue) x (EEIO Emissions Factor) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Fair 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from suppliers 
or other value chain partners 0% 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
    
 
Note 8 - Scope 3 data source, assumptions and methodology (continued) 
Summary of the category of the scope, types and sources of data used, data quality, methodology, allocation methods and assumptions used to calculate emissions. 
107

Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics 
Planet metrics include waste, water, spills, biodiversity, energy and life cycle assessment metrics. 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023** 2022 
(base year) 
Waste 
Waste generated (MT) 193,158.4 216,808.8 224,108.1 
Waste generated - Hazardous waste (MT) 58,938.5 80,293.3 121,574.1 
Waste generated - Non-hazardous waste (MT) 103,252.2 106,844.4 75,280.7 
Waste generated - E-waste (MT) 89.3 124.2 186.8 
Waste generated - Metals (MT) 30,878.4 29,547.0 27,066.4 
Waste recycled (MT) 63,029.9 60,919.7 57,091.7 
Waste recycled - Hazardous waste (MT) 3,687.9 5,660.2 7,626.7 
Waste recycled - Non-hazardous waste (MT) 28,382.2 25,601.2 22,227.0 
Waste recycled - E-waste (MT) 81.5 111.3 171.6 
Waste recycled - Metals (MT) 30,878.4 29,547.0 27,066.4 
Waste disposed (MT) 130,128.5 155,889.1 167,016.4 
Waste disposed - Hazardous waste (MT) 55,250.7 74,633.1 113,947.4 
Waste disposed - Non-hazardous waste (MT) 74,870.0 81,243.2 53,053.7 
Waste disposed - E-waste (MT) 7.9 12.9 15.3 
Waste disposed - Metals (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 527.3 559.0 659.9 
Hazardous waste - Offsite reclamation (MT) 33.2 4.3 3.2 
Hazardous waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste - Other offsite recovery options (MT) 3,127.3 5,096.9 6,963.5 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 1,393.7 1,154.6 801.3 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite reclamation (MT) 98.0 349.2 242.2 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Non-hazardous waste - Other offsite recovery options (MT) 26,890.5 24,097.4 21,183.5 
E-waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 2.1 1.8 6.0 
E-waste - Offsite reclamation (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 79.4 109.5 165.6 
E-waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Other offsite recovery options (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite reclamation (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023** 2022 
(base year) 
Waste 
Metals - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 30,878.4 29,547.0 27,066.4 
Metals - Other offsite recovery options (MT) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Total waste prevented (MT) 2,592.5 2,462.5 1,266.0 
Hazardous waste - Offsite incineration with energy recovery (MT) 12,609.9 14,239.4 996.8 
Hazardous waste - Offsite incineration without energy recovery (MT) 2,458.6 867.6 2,153.0 
Hazardous waste - Offsite landfilling (MT) 2,434.3 3,133.7 3,707.5 
Hazardous waste - Other offsite disposal operations (MT) 37,747.9 56,392.3 107,090.1 
Hazardous waste - Disposal (MT) 55,250.7 74,633.1 113,947.4 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite incineration with energy recovery (MT) 3,070.1 3,001.4 2,010.6 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite incineration without energy recovery 
(MT) 821.0 1,013.0 1,017.2 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite landfilling (MT) 19,368.0 22,878.8 22,204.8 
Non-hazardous waste - Other offsite disposal operations (MT) 51,610.9 54,350.0 27,821.2 
Non-hazardous waste - Disposal (MT) 74,870.0 81,243.2 53,053.7 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023* 2022 
(base year) 
Water 
Water withdrawn (ML) 2,687.5 2,984.5 3,217.6 
Water withdrawn from surface water (ML) 0.0 0.0 0.1 
Water withdrawn from groundwater (ML) 709.1 646.6 616.9 
Water withdrawn from municipal water supply (ML) 1,978.4 2,337.8 2,600.4 
Water withdrawn from seawater (ML) 0.0 0.0 0.2 
Water consumed (ML) 496.8 654.7 563.8 
Water discharged (ML) 2,190.7 2,329.7 2,653.8 
Water discharged to surface water (ML) 41.2 41.6 55.1 
Water discharged to groundwater (ML) 46.9 34.5 45.2 
Water discharged to municipal water supply (ML) 2,097.9 2,239.1 2,530.2 
Water discharged to seawater (ML) 4.6 14.5 23.2 
Water withdrawn in water-stressed areas (ML) 416.0 409.2 431.4 
Water withdrawn from surface water in water-stressed areas (ML) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
108

Metric KPIs 2024 2023* 2022 
(base year) 
Water 
Water withdrawn from groundwater in water-stressed areas (ML) 133.1 137.3 151.9 
Water withdrawn from municipal water supply in water-stressed areas 
(ML) 282.9 271.9 279.5 
Water withdrawn from seawater in water-stressed areas (ML) 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Water consumed in water-stressed areas (ML) 19.4 23.4 18.9 
Water discharged in water-stressed areas (ML) 396.7 385.7 412.4 
Water discharged to surface water in water-stressed areas (ML) 22.7 15.2 26.8 
Water discharged to groundwater in water-stressed areas (ML) 12.2 8.1 14.9 
Water discharged to municipal water supply in water-stressed areas (ML) 361.8 353.3 360.0 
Water discharged to seawater in water-stressed areas (ML) 0.0 9.1 10.7 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023* 2022 
(base year) 
Spills 
Significant spills (barrels) 1,624 535 827 
Oil spills (barrels) 32 14 37 
Fuel spills (barrels) 7 1 3 
Waste spills (barrels) 1 0 1 
Chemical spills (barrels) 215 110 378 
Hydrocarbon spills in the Arctic (barrels) 0 0 0 
Aggregate spill volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10 (barrels) 201 0 0 
Hydrocarbon spill volume recovered (barrels) 36 10 37 
Number of hydrocarbon spills 22 26 19 
Volume of hydrocarbon spills (barrels) 39 15 40 
Metric KPIs 2024 
Biodiversity Number of IUCN Red List Species 137,876 
Number of species - Least concern 120,981 
Number of species - Near threatened 5,515 
Number of species - Vulnerable 5,856 
Number of species - Endangered 4,203 
Number of species - Critically endangered 1,321 
Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to protected 
areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas 98 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023* 2019 
(base year) 
Energy % of electricity from zero-carbon sources 34.2% 29.8% 13.5% 
% of electricity from renewable sources 32.6% 28.1% 13.5% 
Total electricity (MWh) 566,973 585,165 775,023 
Renewable electricity (MWh) 185,078 164,597 104,307 
Non-renewable electricity (MWh) 381,895 420,567 670,716 
Total fuels (MWh) 1,650,979 1,633,706 2,179,661 
Diesel/Distillate (MWh) 939,847 915,946 1,043,151 
Natural gas (MWh) 431,608 449,520 744,141 
Gasoline/Petrol (MWh) 273,807 261,206 390,241 
Propane (MWh) 4,998 5,769 2,129 
Ethanol (MWh) 23 Not available Not available 
Other fuels (MWh) 696 1,266 0 
Total purchased heating, cooling and steam (MWh) 18,676 8,831 7,638 
Purchased heating (MWh) 1,103 0 405 
Purchased cooling (MWh) 339 118 98 
Purchased steam (MWh) 17,234 8,713 7,134 
2,236,628 2,227,702 2,962,322 Total energy consumption within the organization (MWh) 
Energy intensity (MWh/ $ of revenue) 0.000080 0.000087 0.000124 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023* 2022* 
Life Cycle
Assessments 
Number of product lifecycle assessments completed 560 313 43 
Number of product lifecycle assessments in progress 11 4 56 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
1
Prior to 2023, the metric,“Total energy consumption within the organization (MWh)”, was reported as “Total energy (MWh)” 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
    
109

Note 1 - Basis of presentation 
For each year presented, the Statements have been prepared for the period January 1 to December 31, corresponding to the 
Company's fiscal year, unless otherwise stated in the methodology. The Notes presented in this report are for the current 
reporting period ended December 31, 2024 and base years when presented. Related notes for comparative years can be 
found in the previous years' Statements and Notes. The information is based on the best available data as of the publication 
date. We base calculation methodologies on available information and various other assumptions believed to be 
reasonable. We regularly review calculation methodologies and best practices. Calculation methodologies for reporting 
metrics may be updated and previously reported metrics may be adjusted to reflect improvements in availability and quality 
of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our operations and other circumstances. 
The Company prepared the Statement and Notes on Planet Metrics: 
In accordance with select GRI standards: GRI 306 Waste 2020, and SASB EM-EP-160a.2 
With reference to select GRI standards: GRI 302 Energy 2016, GRI 303 Water and Effluents 2018, GRI 306-3 Waste 2016 
(spills metrics), GRI 304-4 Biodiversity 2016 as further disclosed in Note 4. 
Key terms used are defined in the Statements and Notes Glossary of Terms section and the GRI Standards Glossary. 
Base year 
The Company has established 2022 as the base year for waste, water and spills metrics, as this was the year that new 
methodology was established and the increase of data availability due to utilization of third party waste consumption and 
water usage monthly data. The base year for energy metrics was established as 2019, similar to scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, as 
it best represents the most recent year of business-as-usual operations prior to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Life cycle assessments (LCAs) are reported annually and do not have an established base year. Biodiversity metrics will apply 
the current reporting year, ending December 31, 2024, as the base year. Spills metrics use 2022 as the base year, and no 
adjustments were made this year 
Baker Hughes has established a policy to recalculate base year metrics based on a 5% cumulative significance threshold 
applied to adjustments reported metric categories individually. Significant changes evaluated for recalculation include 
recent company structural changes, boundary enhancement and enhancements in methodology and data. 
Adjustments to the water and waste 2022 base year were made for: 
• Accounting for the acquisition of four businesses in 2023. 
• Changes in accounting methodology to exclude sub-leased sites. 
Adjustments to the energy metrics 2019 base year were made for: 
• Accounting for the acquisition of four businesses in 2023. 
• Changes in accounting methodology for more accurate facility emissions and energy estimations, and enhancements in 
our fleet accounting. 
• Enhancements in fleet accounting include a more accurate estimate methodology and the inclusion of new vehicle 
types that support the electrification and decarbonization of the fleet, with the inclusion of expanded powertrain options 
for vehicle emissions and energy usage calculations. 
Note 2 – Reporting boundary 
The Company presents the key performance indicators in Statements and Notes on Planet Metrics from operations over 
which it, or one of its subsidiaries, has the full authority to introduce and implement its operating policies. We exclude 
minority-owned joint ventures that are not operated by the Company and operating facilities subleased to third parties. 
Waste 
The Company includes waste volume if a facility must close for certain days during the month. The partial waste that 
occurred during that month is included in the reported metric. If a site closed but waste was removed after the closure date, 
the data will be included in site data to be reported but will not be used in the estimation process (waste factor). This may 
include ancillary operations such as remediation activities that the company is responsible for and directs, which can occur 
at third-party owned sites. Minority-owned joint ventures that are not operated by the company and operating facilities 
subleased to third parties are excluded. 
Water 
The Company includes water data from divestitures through final date of Baker Hughes control/close of sale of facility/site/ 
location. If a facility has to close for certain days during the month, the water data for that month is still included in the 
reported metric and If there is partial water data reported, the data will be included in reported water; however, the partial 
water data will not be used in the estimation process. 
Spills 
The Company does not have any minimum reporting thresholds for spills; all spills must be recorded regardless of size, driven 
largely by very strict local/regional regulatory requirements with significant penalties for omissions of reporting. The 
Company excludes third party spills and those consisting of fresh water, inert gases released to the air, clean sand and clean 
gravel. 
Biodiversity 
The Company includes the impacts from sites that were active at any point during the reporting year. In addition to the 
excluded sites above, for biodiversity metrics we also exclude the following sites: third party logistics, third party storage, 
accommodations, client sites/operations, undeveloped land, office-only locations, registration offices and service offices. 
Energy 
The Company includes energy from the combustion of fuels onsite at our facilities, including natural gas, distillate, gasoline, 
kerosene, propane, residual fuel oil and HFCs. This also includes offsite activities associated with transportation in our 
company vehicle fleet and field activities. We also include energy from the purchase and self-generation of renewable (solar, 
wind and hydroelectric) and nonrenewable electricity, heating, steam and cooling used on-site across our global facility and 
vehicle portfolio. The operational boundary for energy mirrors the boundary for scope 1 and 2 emissions in the Statements 
and Notes on GHG CO2e emissions. 
LCAs 
The Company includes LCAs completed using the Company’s internal application FastLCA, which is aligned to ISO 14040/44 
and ISO 14067:2018. LCAs are performed across all product lines to assess the carbon emission impacts of the Company’s 
products and services. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
  
     
    
     
   
   
   
  
 
  
        
    
      
        
 
       
    
   
     
  
    
    
  
  
 
 
   
 
   
  
 
 
       
    
  
   
  
    
    
  
 
     
    
    
 
      
    
   
    
  
 
     
      
 
    
       
  
    
       
 
– 
– 
-
110

Note 3 – Use of estimates and estimation uncertainties 
The Company bases its estimates and methodologies on historical experience, available information and various other 
assumptions that it believes to be reasonable. Energy use data, waste volume and water usage presented is subject to 
measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such 
data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in in materially different 
measurements. The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary. 
Waste 
For facilities where waste data is unavailable or does not meet immaterial reporting thresholds, the waste estimates are 
based on facility type and square footage of the facility. Estimations are made for facilities under 10,000 sq ft, those lacking 
full-year data and leased sites without specific waste data. The Company uses average actual waste data per square foot 
for similar facility types to provide the most accurate estimates. This estimation process uses data from the current month 
and the previous 11 months. 
Water 
For facilities where water usage data is unavailable or does not meet immaterial reporting thresholds, the water usage 
estimates are based on facility type and square footage of the facility. Estimations are made for facilities under 10,000 sq ft, 
those lacking full-year data and leased sites without specific water data. The Company uses average actual water data per 
square foot for similar facility types to provide the most accurate estimates. This estimation process uses data from the 
current month and the previous 11 months. For sites that need estimation, water discharged is the same as water withdrawn. 
Energy 
Estimations are based on square footage where the site does not meet the immaterial reporting threshold or data is 
otherwise unavailable. Estimations are also used where utilities are included in lease or subleases and are not able to be 
segmented out of rent total. 
Note 4 - Methodology 
Waste 
The volume (metric ton) and waste type is obtained from third party vendors using the Company’s HSE data management 
system. Where data from third party vendors are not available for a certain location, the Company estimates the volume by 
extrapolating the square footage of the location and the actual volume for the waste type of a similar location.  
Water 
The volume (Megaliters) and water classification of water stressed areas is obtained from the following sources: bill 
payment system that provides monthly water, sewer and irrigation use and contains the utility invoices from the local 
providers as backup and data repositories used by the Company’s employees to store data from third parties. The 
Company uses actual data that is available for facilities, categorized by facility type and uses the square footage of the 
facility for the period of estimation. 
The classification of water-stressed sites is determined using the WRI’s Aqueduct tool. 
Spills 
The Company requires all spills to be recorded, regardless of size. All data is based on actual data. The volume (barrels) and 
spill classification is obtained from entries submitted by employees logged into the Company’s HSE data management 
system. 
Biodiversity 
The Company uses the Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT) to evaluate the number of operational facilities within a 
5km radius of a protected area or a Key Biodiversity Area (KBA). The source data for determining the number of sites within 
5km of a protected area or KBA is now from the IBAT. 
Energy 
The electricity from renewables in megawatt hours and energy classification are obtained through third party utility 
contracts to determine the usage for solar, wind and hydroelectric and onsite renewable electricity generations. Non-
renewable electricity in megawatt hours is classified as diesel/distillate, natural gas, gasoline/petrol, propane and other the 
fuels. The Company uses third party vendors from the local grid to obtain energy usage for purchased heating, cooling and 
steam. 
LCAs 
The number of completed and in progress LCAs is obtained from FastLCA. This includes information about the LCA authors, 
internal peer review meeting dates and approval dates. 
Product LCAs completed: 
The total number of product LCAs that were finished in the FastLCA tool, have been peer reviewed by an internal panel of 
experts and have been approved by the peer review panel for each respective reporting year. An LCA can fall into one of 
three categories; a basic LCA that consists of an assessment of one part or component alone, a system LCA that consists of 
the combination of multiple completed basic LCAs, or a comparative LCA that comprised of the assessment of the 
comparison between two basic LCAs or two system LCAs. As such, a completed basic LCA could be counted multiple times if 
it is represented in either a completed system or comparative LCA. 
Product LCAs in progress: 
The total number of product LCAs that have been finished in the FastLCA tool, but that may not have gone through the 
internal peer review process or approval by the peer review panel for each respective reporting year. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
       
       
    
   
    
   
 
    
    
      
    
    
     
   
    
  
  
      
111

Metric Criteria KPI Methodology 
Waste generated GRI 306-3 • Total waste generated 
• Hazardous waste generated 
• Non-hazardous waste generated 
• E-waste generated 
• Metal waste generated 
Total waste generated = ∑ Hazardous waste generated, non-hazardous waste generated, e-waste generated, metal waste generated 
Waste diverted from disposal by 
waste type 
GRI 306-4 • Total waste recycled 
• Hazardous waste recycled 
• Non-hazardous waste recycled 
• E-waste recycled 
• Metal recycled 
Total waste diverted from disposal from Baker Hughes operations through recycling 
Total waste diverted from disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste diverted from disposal, non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal, e-waste diverted from disposal, metal waste 
diverted from disposal 
Waste diverted from disposal by 
recovery operation 
GRI 306-4 • Hazardous waste diverted from disposal by recovery 
operation 
• Non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal by recovery 
operation 
• E-waste diverted from disposal by recovery operation 
• Metal waste diverted from disposal by recovery operation 
Total waste diverted from disposal from Baker Hughes operations 
Total waste diverted from disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste diverted from disposal, non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal, e-waste diverted from disposal, metal waste 
diverted from disposal 
Each respective component of this calculation is broken down in categories of recovery operations, preparation of reuse, reclamation, recycling and other recovery 
operations 
Waste directed to disposal by 
waste type 
GRI 306-5 • Total waste disposed 
• Hazardous waste disposed 
• Non-hazardous waste disposed 
• E-waste disposed 
• Metal waste disposed 
Total weight of waste directed to disposal in metric tons by waste type 
Total waste directed to disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste directed to disposal, non-hazardous waste directed to disposal, e-waste directed to disposal, metal waste directed to 
disposal 
Waste directed to disposal by 
disposal operation 
GRI 306-5 • Hazardous waste disposed by disposal operation 
• Non-hazardous waste disposed by disposal operation 
• E-waste disposed by disposal operation 
• Metal waste disposed by disposal operation 
Total waste directed to disposal from Baker Hughes operations 
Total waste directed to disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste directed to disposal, non-hazardous waste directed to disposal, e-waste directed to disposal, metal waste directed to 
disposal. 
Each respective component of this calculation is broken down in categories of disposal operation categories: incineration (with energy recovery), incineration (without 
energy recovery), landfilling and other disposal operations 
Waste prevented GRI 306-4 • Total waste that was prevented from waste disposal by 
converting into products 
The sum of total waste prevented equals the volume of material that was converted from a waste to a product. 
Water withdrawal GRI 303-3 • Total water withdrawal Total water withdrawn from local water sources by facilities operated by Baker Hughes. Sum of all water drawn from surface water, groundwater, seawater or a third party for 
any use over the course of the reporting period 
Total Water withdrawal = ∑ Surface water withdrawal + groundwater withdrawal + seawater withdrawal + municipal (third party) water withdrawal 
• Total water withdrawal (water stressed areas) Total water stressed water withdrawn from local water sources by facilities operated by Baker Hughes 
Total water withdrawn from water stressed areas = ∑ Surface water withdrawal from water stressed areas + groundwater withdrawal from water stressed areas + seawater 
withdrawal from water stressed areas + municipal (third party) water withdrawal from water stressed areas 
Water discharge GRI 303-4 • Total water discharge Total water discharged categorized by receiving water body types from facilities operated by Baker Hughes 
Sum of all water discharged to surface water, groundwater, seawater or a third party for any use over the course of the reporting period. Total water discharged = ∑ Surface 
water discharge, groundwater discharge, seawater discharge, municipal (third party) water discharge 
Note: For facilities where water usage data is not available or where the facility does not meet immaterial reporting thresholds, we automatically estimated water usage based on the type of facility and square footage of the facility. 
• Total water discharge (water stressed areas) Total water discharged in water stress areas categorized by receiving water body type from facilities operated by Baker Hughes 
Total water discharged from water stressed areas = ∑ Surface water discharged from water stressed areas, groundwater discharged from water stressed areas, seawater 
discharged from water stressed areas, municipal (third party) water discharged from water stressed areas 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
112

Water Consumption GRI 303-5 • Total water consumption Total water consumption from facilities operated by Baker Hughes: Water types include surface water, groundwater and municipal water  
Total water consumption =  ∑ Total water withdrawal  (total water discharge + water consumed in production from chemical plants) 
• Total water consumption (water stressed areas) Total water consumption from facilities operated by Baker Hughes located in water stress areas and categorized by type: water types include surface water, groundwater, 
municipal water   
Total water consumption in water stressed areas = ∑ Total water withdrawn from water stressed areas  (total water discharged from water stressed areas + water 
consumed in production from chemical plants located in water stressed areas) 
Note: Water consumption metrics include the impact of consumption during the chemical  manufacturing process and these operations are the only type of facility where water is  consumed during the manufacturing process. 
Spills GRI 306-3 (2016) • Significant spills Significant spills = ∑ Total spill volumes less excluded spill volume 
GRI 306-3 (2016) • Oil spills Oil spills = ∑ Total oil spill volume outside of containment impacting soil, water or air 
GRI 306-3 (2016) • Fuel spills Fuel spills = ∑ Total fuel spill volume outside of containment, impacting soil, water or air 
GRI 306-3 (2016) • Waste spills Waste spills = ∑ Total waste spill volume outside of containment impacting soil, water or air 
GRI 306-3 (2016) • Chemical spills Chemical spills = ∑ Total chemical spill volume outside of containment impacting soil, water or air 
SASB EM-EP-160a.2 • Spills in the Arctic Spills in the Arctic = ∑ Total spills in the Arctic volume outside of containment impacting soil, water or air 
SASB EM-EP-160a.2 • Aggregate spill volume impacting shorelines with ESI 
rankings 8-10 
Aggregate spill volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10 = ∑ Total aggregate spill volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10 
SASB EM-EP-160a.2 • Hydrocarbon spill volume recovered Hydrocarbon spill volume recovered = ∑ Total volume of recovered hydrocarbon spills directly impacted soil, water or air 
SASB EM-EP-160a.2 • Number of hydrocarbon spills Number of hydrocarbon spills = ∑ Total count of oil spill occurrences + fuel spill occurrences 
SASB EM-EP-160a.2 • Volume of hydrocarbon spills Volume of hydrocarbon spills = ∑ Total volume of oil spill occurrences + fuel spill volume 
Biodiversity Management Metric • Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, 
areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas 
Sum of sites within 5 km of a key biodiverse area 
GRI 304-4 • Number of IUCN Red List Species Total number of IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk: 
Each site’s results are added together to calculate the total number 
a. Critically endangered 
b. Endangered 
c. Vulnerable 
d. Near threatened 
e. Least concern 
GRI 304-4 • Number of species - Least concern Number of species - Least concern = ∑ Total number of IUCN Red List species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk: 
Least concern 
Each site’s results are added together to calculate the total number 
GRI 304-4 • Number of species - Near threatened Number of species - Near threatened = ∑ Total number of IUCN Red List species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk: 
Near Threatened 
Each site’s results are added together to calculate the total number 
GRI 304-4 • Number of species - Vulnerable Number of species - Vulnerable = ∑ Total number of IUCN Red List species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk: 
Vulnerable 
Each site’s results are added together to calculate the total number 
GRI 304-4 • Number of species - Endangered Number of species - Endangered = ∑ Total number of IUCN Red List species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction risk: 
Endangered 
Each site’s results are added together to calculate the total number 
GRI 304-4 • Number of species - Critically endangered Number of species  Critically Endangered = ∑ Total number of IUCN Red List species with habitats in areas affected by the operations of the organization, by level of extinction 
risk: Critically Endangered 
Each site’s results are added together to calculate the total number 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
  
 
 
 –
 – 
– 
113

Energy GRI 302-1 • Percent of electricity from zero-emission sources 
• Percent of electricity from renewable sources 
Percent of electricity from zero-emission sources = ∑ renewable electricity and nuclear electricity divided by ∑ renewable, nuclear and non-renewable electricity 
Percent of electricity from renewable sources = ∑ renewable electricity divided by ∑ renewable and non-renewable electricity 
GRI 302-1 • Total electricity 
• Renewable electricity 
• Non-renewable electricity 
Total electricity consumption = ∑ renewable electricity and non-renewable electricity 
GRI 302-1 • Total fuels 
• Diesel/distillate 
• Natural gas 
• Gasoline/petrol 
• Propane 
• Other fuels 
Total fuel consumption = ∑ diesel/distillate, natural gas, gasoline/petrol, propane and other fuels 
GRI 302-1 • Total purchased heating, cooling and steam 
• Purchased heating 
• Purchased cooling 
• Purchased steam 
Total purchased heating, cooling and steam = ∑ purchased heating, cooling and steam 
GRI 302-1 • Total energy consumption within the organization Total energy consumption within the organization 
Management metric • Number of HSE energy assessments completed Total completed energy assessments = sum of completed energy assessments conducted at facilities operated by Baker Hughes in a given year 
Number of LCAs Management Metric • # of LCAs completed 
• # of LCAs in progress 
Number of LCAs completed: LCAs that were finished in the FastLCA tool, have been peer reviewed by an internal panel of experts and have been approved by the peer review 
panel for each respective reporting year. An LCA can fall into one of three categories; a basic LCA that consists of an assessment of one part or component alone, a system 
LCA that consists of the combination of multiple completed basic LCAs, or a comparative LCA that is comprised of the assessment of the comparison between two basic 
LCAs or two system LCAs. As such, a completed basic LCA could be counted multiple times if it is represented in either a completed system or comparative LCA 
Number of LCAs in progress: LCAs that have been finished in the FastLCA tool, but that may not have gone through the internal peer review process or approval by the peer 
review panel for each respective reporting year 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
114

Statement and Notes on TCFD Metrics 
Metric KPIs 2024 
TCFD Operational short term total potential loss per year at sites with material chronic and 
acute physical risk (defenses off) $202,548,383 
Operational - short term - proportion of revenue at risk per year at sites with material chronic
and acute material physical risk (defenses off) 0.8% 
Operational long term total potential loss per year at sites with material chronic and 
acute physical risk (defenses off) $293,147,115 
Operational - long term - proportion of revenue at risk per year at sites with material chronic
and acute material physical risk (defenses off) 1.2% 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of this statement. 
Note 1 - Basis of presentation 
The Statement and Notes on TCFD Metrics have been prepared for the period October 1, 2023 to September 30, 2024. The 
information is based on the best available data as of the publication date. The Company prepared the Statement and Notes 
on TCFD Metrics based on the recommendation of the TCFD to disclose the metrics used by Baker Hughes to assess climate-
related risks in line with its strategy and risk management process. 
Note 2 – Reporting boundary 
The Company has selected an organizational boundary based on operational control and includes operational short-term 
(one-year) and long-term (25 years) potential losses and proportion of revenue at risk. The Company presents its TCFD 
metrics from operations over which it, or one of its subsidiaries, has the full authority to introduce and implement its 
operating policies. Minority-owned joint ventures not operated by the Company are excluded from the reporting boundary. 
Note 3- Use of estimates and estimation uncertainties 
The Company bases its estimates and methodologies on predictive climate data analytics, available information and 
various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable. Total potential loss and proportion of revenue presented is 
subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for 
determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially 
different measurements. The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary. 
Note 4 - Methodology 
The Company uses Jupiter ClimateScore™ predictive climate data analytics to determine sites at material physical risk to 
model the potential loss. It evaluates risks and losses of each site in the reporting boundary using four weather perils: flood, 
wind, wildfire and heat. The Company evaluates physical risks under the assumption the site has no defenses against the 
identified weather perils (Defenses Off) and under the assumption of a 4° global warming scenario. Each site is assessed and 
scored for vulnerability and exposure. Those above a certain score are identified as sites with material chronic and acute 
material physical risk. 
Total potential loss is calculated as disruption plus damage per site. Disruption is calculated using annual revenue for the 
reporting period. If revenue is not available for the site, the Company may use inventory or other benchmarks to estimate 
disruption. Damage is calculated using the site/building value as of September 30, 2024. If actual building value is not 
available, the Company uses the insured value of the building to estimate damage. 
Proportion of revenue at risk is calculated as ((Total potential loss at sites with material chronic and acute physical risk)/ 
(Total annual revenue generated by sites with material chronic and acute physical risk for the period October 1, 2023 to 
September 30, 2024)). 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
 
         
 
  
  
                 
                     
                   
                    
                   
  
  
- - 
- - 
115

Statements and Notes on Principles Metrics 
Metric KPIs 2024 2023* 2022* 
Ethics and governance # of employees who completed the annual Code of Conduct training and anti-corruption 56,980 56,745 53,846 
% of employees who completed the annual Code of Conduct training and anti-corruption 99.4% 97.5% 96.7% 
% of governance body members who have received training on anti-corruption 100% 99.0% 99.1% 
% of operations assessed for risks related to corruption 100% 100% 100% 
# of operations assessed for risks related to corruption 2 2 4 
% of security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures 100% 100% 100% 
# of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy 0 3 0 
Supply chain # of certified Social Supplier Responsibility Program (SSRP) auditors 108 99 84 
# of SSRP audits 416 461 408 
# of SSRP audit red flag findings 1,773 1,707 1,343 
% of audits that were re-audits 79.0% 80.0% 81.0% 
% of audit red flag findings closed within 90 days 95.0% 95.0% 95.0% 
# of suppliers rejected due to SSRP policy 23 25 23 
Health and Safety # of HSE leadership engagements 66,784 70,667 64,550 
# of HSE observations 1,673,134 1,442,048 1,071,845 
# of Perfect HSE days 206 199 217 
Average hours HSE trainings - employees 6.5 6.2 5.3 
Average hours HSE trainings - contractors 1.1 0.9 0.6 
# of near misses 889 1,051 1,017 
Total recordable incident rate 0.25 0.28 0.22 
Days away from work rate 0.12 0.15 0.11 
# of days away from work cases 94 119 86 
# of employee work-related fatalities 0 1 1 
# of contractor work-related fatalities 0 0 0 
# of total recordable illness 23 16 5 
# of musculoskeletal disorders 7 5 2 
# of diseases caused by physical agents 1 2 3 
# of vehicle incidents 219 218 213 
# of sites certified to ISO 14001:2015 90 87 87 
# of sites certified to ISO 45001 71 65 61 
# of sites certified to ISO 9001 239 238 245 
# of sites certified to ISO 50001 1 1 1 
% of employees covered under a collective bargaining agreement 28.4% 28.0% 26.0% 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 
116

Note 1 - Basis of presentation 
For each year presented, the Statements have been prepared for the period January 1 to December 31, corresponding to the 
Company's fiscal year, unless otherwise stated in the methodology. The Notes presented in this report are for the current 
reporting period ended December 31, 2024. We base calculation methodologies on available information and various other 
assumptions believed to be reasonable. We regularly review calculation methodologies and best practices. Calculation 
methodologies for reporting metrics may be updated and previously reported metrics may be adjusted to reflect 
improvements in availability and quality of third-party data, changing assumptions, changes in the nature and scope of our 
operations and other circumstances. 
The Company prepared the Statements and Notes on Principles metrics 
with reference to select GRI standards: GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021, GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016, GRI 403: 
Occupational Health and Safety 2018, GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016 and GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021. 
Key terms used are defined in the Statements and Notes Glossary of Terms and in the GRI Standards Glossary. 
Note 2 - Reporting boundary 
The Company presents its KPIs from operations over which it, or one of its subsidiaries, has the full authority to introduce and 
implement its operating policies. Minority-owned joint ventures not operated by the Company are excluded from the 
reporting boundary. 
Note 3 - Methodology 
The table on the next page describes the methodology for each metric. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
                    
      
     
      
        
   
– 
-
117

Metric Criteria KPIs Methodology 
Ethics and governance GRI 205-2 # of employees who completed the annual Code of Conduct 
training, including training on ethics, compliance and anti-
corruption 
Number of effective employees who were assigned and have completed the annual Code of Conduct and 3-in-1 Acknowledgement. 
GRI 205-2 % of employees who completed the annual Code of Conduct 
training 
Number of active employees who were assigned and have completed the annual Code of Conduct and 3-in-1 Acknowledgment divided by the total number of active 
employees. 
GRI 205-2 % of governance body members who have received training on 
anti-corruption 
Number of active EB+ employees who are members of the governance body who completed the annual Code of Conduct and 3-in-1 Acknowledgement in the reporting year 
divided by the total number of active SEB+ and EB+ employees who are members of the governance body. 
GRI 205-1 % of operations assessed for risks related to corruption Number of business segments that take part in the annual compliance risk workshop divided by the total number of business segments. 
GRI 205-1 # of operations assessed for risks related to corruption Number of business segments that take part in the annual compliance risk workshop. 
Management Metric % of security personnel trained in human rights policies and 
procedures 
Number of enterprise security personnel and embedded contractors who have received training on human rights policies and procedures divided by the total number of 
security employees and contractors. 
GRI 418-1 # of identified leaks, thefts or losses of customer data Number of leaks, thefts or losses of customer data. 
GRI 418-1 # of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of 
customer privacy 
Number of substantiated complaints received from outside parties and regulatory bodies. 
GRI 2-30 % of employees covered under a collective bargaining 
agreement 
Number of employees covered by collective bargaining agreements divided by total number of effective employees. 
Supply chain Management Metric # of certified SSRP auditors Number of certified SSRP auditors. 
Management Metric # of SSRP audits Number of suppliers assessed for social impacts. 
Management Metric # of SSRP audit red flag findings Number of supplier red flag findings. 
Management Metric % of audits that were re-audits Number of audits that were re-audited divided by total audits. 
Management Metric % of audit red flag findings closed within 90 days Number of red flag findings closed within 90 days divided by total closed red flag findings. 
Management Metric # of suppliers rejected due to SSRP policy Number of suppliers rejected due to SSRP Audit. 
Health and safety Management Metric 
GRI 403-10 
# of HSE leadership engagements Number of the HSE leadership engagements at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control. 
Management Metric 
GRI 403-10 
# of HSE observations Number of behaviors and conditions and closed concerns reported at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control. 
Management Metric # of Perfect HSE Days Number of Perfect HSE Days at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control. 
Management Metric Average hours HSE trainings  employees Number hours of HSE training activities completed by effective employees divided by sum of effective employees in specific reporting period. 
Management Metric Average hours HSE trainings  contractors Number of hours of HSE training activities completed by effective non-employee workers divided by sum of effective non-employee workers in specified reporting period. 
GRI 403-9 # of near misses Number of near miss cases at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control. 
GRI 403-9 Total recordable incident rate Number of the number of recordable incidents, multiplied by 200,000 divided by the sum of the hours worked. 
Management Metric Days away from work rate Number of days away from work cases, multiplied by 200,000, divided by the number of hours worked. 
Management Metric # of days away from work cases Number of days away from work cases at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control 
GRI 403-9 # of employee work-related fatalities Number of the employee fatalities at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control. 
GRI 403-9 # of contractor work-related fatalities Number of contractor fatalities at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control. 
GRI 403-10 # of cases of recordable work-related ill health Number of recordable illness incidents at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control.. 
GRI 403-10 # of musculoskeletal disorders Number of recordable incidents of musculoskeletal disorders at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control.. 
GRI 403-10 # of diseases caused by physical agents Number of recordable incidents of diseases caused by physical agents at facilities operated by Baker Hughes, under Baker Hughes operational control. 
GRI 403-9 # of vehicle incidents Number of high-potential work-related vehicle incidents classified with a severity of catastrophic, major, serious, light or third-party injury. 
Management Metric # of sites certified to ISO 14001:2015 Number of sites certified to ISO 14001:2015. 
Management Metric # of sites certified to ISO 45001 Number of sites certified to ISO 45001:2018. 
Management Metric # of sites certified to ISO 50001 Number of sites certified to ISO 50001:2018. 
Management Metric # of sites certified to ISO 9001 Number of sites certified to ISO 9001:2015. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
 
 –
 – 
118

Active employee A person employed by Baker Hughes and is not on long-term leave of absence, identified as an inactive employee or contingent worker as of December 31 for each reporting year. 
Age group Effective employees are categorized by age. Age groups include under 30 years old, 30 to 50 years old and over 50 years old. Employees whose birthdate is not available are categorized as “age group left blank.” Calculation for age group uses 
age as whole numbers as of December 31 in the reporting year. 
Baker Hughes spills operational control Activities that occur at Baker Hughes facilities, customer sites, or in transit by Baker Hughes employees or third-party contractors under the direct supervision of a Baker Hughes employee. 
Business segment Oilfield Equipment and Services (OFSE) or Industrial Energy and Technology (IET). 
Career band An internal classification of various jobs that considers variables including, but not limited to, level of responsibility and contribution to Baker Hughes. 
Certified to ISO Certified by independent third party company with ISO certification qualification. Our sites are counted six months after being granted certification. 
Code of Conduct Training and compliance that entails anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies. 
Contingent worker See non-employee worker definition. 
Diverse supplier An organization that is at least 51% owned, operated and controlled by an individual or group that is part of a traditionally underrepresented or underserved group. Some common classifications tracked by Baker Hughes include Minority-Owned 
(MBE), Women-Owned (WBE), LGBT-Owned (LGBT), Disabled-Owned (DOBE), Indigenous, Aboriginal, Veteran-Owned (VBE), Self-Certified, HUBZone (Historically Underutilized Business Zone, U.S. only). 
Effective employee A person employed by Baker Hughes and is not an intern, cooperative participant, trainee, apprentice, inactive employee or contingent worker as of December 31 of the reporting year. 
Electronic waste (e-waste) Loosely discarded, surplus, obsolete, broken, electrical or electronic devices including but not limited to computers, copiers and fax machines. 
Embedded contractors Non-employee worker whose work is controlled by the enterprise security and are specifically hired to perform work at the organization's workplace, in a public area or directly at the workplace of the organization's client. 
Employee Resource Group (ERG) A recognized group within Baker Hughes that may offer employees personal support, professional development or a sense of belonging. ERGs include Black Employee Network, Asian Pacific American Forum, Enabled, LatinX, Multicultural, 
Pride@work, Veterans and Women’s Network. 
Employee time type category The grouping in which effective employees are organized. Categories include part-time and full-time. 
Entitled to parental leave Leave is defined as paid or unpaid time away from work. An employee is entitled to parental leave based on the eligibility criteria, utilizing the Baker Hughes country policies and/or statutory regulations, whichever is more encompassing. 
Excluded spill Spills of fresh water, inert gases released to air, clean sand, clean gravel and any other non-spills or 3rd party spills. 
Executive Band and above (EB+) A career band that includes active employees categorized as an EB or EB+ in a HR Enterprise System, and who are in office-based applying, leading and shaping roles and who are senior level managers, seasoned managers and senior individual 
contributors requiring in-depth understanding of their business or function. This includes EB, SEB, VP and SVP bands. 
External candidate A person that was not employed by Baker Hughes and was hired into an open position or requisition. 
Facilities emissions Emissions generated directly from the combustion of fuels (natural gas, diesel, propane and oil) at facilities that are owned or controlled by Baker Hughes (aligned with financial reporting). 
Field emissions Emissions generated directly from the combustion of diesel used in field activities owned or controlled by Baker Hughes, including Baker Hughes equipment operated at customer sites and customer-provided fuel. 
Financial Year (FY) 2024 January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024. 
Fleet emissions Emissions generated directly from the combustion of fuels from leased or owned transport (company cars, pickup trucks, benefit vehicles and heavy duty trucks used for pressure pumping, wireline and chemicals product lines) operated by 
Baker Hughes. 
Gender A person’s identity as a man, woman, undeclared gender or “no gender selected” in a HR Enterprise System. Gender was self-identified for each respective reporting year. 
Generation group Effective employees are categorized by generation groups based on their birth year. Generation groups include Silent (1928 through 1945), Baby Boomers (1946 through 1964), Generation X (1965 through 1979), Generation Y/Millennials (1980 
through 1995) and Generation Z (1996 through present); employees whose birth year is not available are categorized as “generation group left blank’. 
Governance body members Effective employees who are EB+ active employees and include the most senior-level managers and individual contributors, such as vice presidents and above. 
Hazardous waste Waste disposed that possesses any of the characteristics contained in Annex III of the Basel Convention or that is considered to be hazardous by national legislation. 
HSE leadership engagements Required monthly touchpoint or visit in which leaders host discussions with their teams, whether remote or in person, or frontline personnel at our facilities and customer job sites on a variety of topics including, but not limited to, security, quality, 
compliance, wellness, environment, social or governance. 
HSE observations Identification of potential hazards, assessing risks, unsafe behaviors, unsafe conditions or environmental concerns. Behavioral observations are identification of either a safe or an at-risk behavior. Conditional observations are Identification of 
either a safe or an at-risk behavior. 
IBAT Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool. 
Internal candidate An effective employee that filled an open internal position or requisition. 
IUCN Red List species and national conservation list 
species with habitats in areas affected by operations 
Total International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected by operations of Baker Hughes facilities. 
Term Definition 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
Statements and Notes - Glossary of Terms 
119

Job function An internal classification according to a job family group: commercial, enabling, production, technical or other. Technical: Encompasses roles that manage technology capabilities including technology engineering, project management and 
software development, among others. Commercial: Encompasses roles related to selling or advertising our organization including sales, marketing, product development and mergers and acquisitions. Enabling: Encompasses roles that enable 
the success of the organization including finance, sustainability, human resources, legal, sourcing and other support functions. Production: Encompasses roles that drive production of our products and services including field operations, logistics, 
manufacturing and client support services. Other: Represents roles that have not yet been aligned to the other job functions at the time of reporting, such as legacy roles from a merger or acquisition. 
Key Biodiversity Areas (KBAs) KBAs are determined to be sites contributing to the global persistence of biodiversity; includes terrestrial, freshwater and marine ecosystems. Sites qualify as a KBA if they meet at least one of the 11 criteria grouped into the five categories of 
threatened biodiversity, geographically restricted biodiversity, ecological integrity, biological processes and irreplaceability for each respective reporting year. 
Life cycle assessments (LCAs) completed LCAs that were finished in the FastLCA tool, have peer reviewed by an internal panel of experts and have been approved by the peer review panel for each respective reporting year. An LCA can fall into one of three categories; a basic LCA that 
consists of an assessment of one part or component alone, a system LCA that consists of the combination of multiple completed basic LCAs, or a comparative LCA that comprised of the assessment of the comparison between two basic LCAs or 
two system LCAs. As such, a completed basic LCA could be counted multiple times if it is represented in either a completed system or comparative LCA. 
Life cycle assessments in progress LCAs that have been finished in the FastLCA tool, but that may not have gone through the internal peer review process, or approval by the peer review panel for each respective reporting year. 
Local A location in same country as the location of the order issuances and may include sites with significant operations are those where we conduct manufacturing, assembly, maintenance and service operations. 
Management roles or people manager An effective employee who is in a people leader role. A manager or people manager may or may not have direct reports; however, they are identified in a HR Enterprise System as having active supervisory organization as of December 31 in the 
reporting period. 
Metal waste Materials that are hard, lustrous, malleable, ductile and sonorous, including, but not limited to, iron, copper, aluminum, calcium and magnesium. 
Musculoskeletal Relating to or denoting the musculature and skeleton together, as defined by the International Labour Organization. 
Nationality A person’s status of belonging to a particular nation and is recorded in a HR Enterprise System. Nationality is self-identified for each respective reporting year. 
Near miss An incident that does not result in injury, death, property or environmental damage, but under slightly different circumstances, could have. 
Non-employee worker A person that is not employed by Baker Hughes. Their work is controlled by Baker Hughes and data are maintained in the Fieldglass system. 
Non-hazardous waste Waste not classified as hazardous, e-waste or metal waste. 
People of color (PoC) A person’s status of belonging to a particular group including American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, or two or more races. PoC was self-identified in the U.S. 
for each respective reporting year. 
Perfect HSE Day A day with no injuries, accidents, illnesses or harm to the environment for each respective reporting year. 
Physical agents We use the International Labour Organization’s list of physical agents that can be found here. 
Primary and secondary parent A self-identified designation used for the parental leave benefit program to distinguish the amount of leave entitlement. 
Professional Band and above (PB+) A career band that includes active employees categorized as a PB or higher band in a HR Enterprise System, and who are in office-based developing, supporting, applying, leading and shaping roles and who are at professional, lead professional 
or functional tactical positions. This includes PB, Lead Professional Band (LPB), SPB, EB, SEB, Vice President (VP) and Senior Vice President (SVP) bands. For 2022 metrics, Leadership Training Band (LTB) was not included in PB+ because they have a 
separate performance management process. For 2023 metrics, a sub-metric for PB+ including LTB and PB+ excluding LTB was added to improve transparency. For all other metrics where PB+ is reported, LTB career band employees are included.. 
Protected areas and habitats Terrestrial and marine protected areas determined by the World Database on Protected Areas (WDPA) for each respective reporting year. 
Red flag finding An issue identified during an SSRP audit that requires immediate attention and corrective action. 
Region A group of countries located in the same geographically specified area as determined by the Company. Regions include: Asia Pacific (APAC), Russia and Commonwealth of Independent States (RCIS), Middle East, North Africa, Turkey and India 
(MENATI), North America (NAM), Latin America (LATAM), Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) and Europe. 
Self-certified diverse organization A business that claims to meet diversity ownership, operations and management criteria, but has not been formally certified by a third party. 
Senior Professional Band and above (SPB+) A career band that includes active employees categorized as an SPB or higher band in a HR Enterprise System and who are in office-based applying, leading and shaping roles and who are senior-level managers, seasoned managers and 
senior individual contributors requiring in-depth understanding of their business or function. This includes SPB, EB, SEB, VP and SVP bands. 
Seniority Effective employees categorized based on career band. Seniority groups include, but are not limited to, SPB+ or EB+. 
Significant spill A significant spill is a release of oil, fuel, waste or chemical into a contained or uncontained space, including inside buildings at facilities operated by Baker Hughes. Significant spills exclude spills of fresh water, inert gases released to air, clean 
sand, clean gravel and any other non-spills under Baker Hughes operational control. 
Small business supplier An organization that meets a relevant local government’s small business standard criteria. Vetting or validation of small business criteria may be completed by a third party such as Supplier GATEWAY, Supplier.IO, Dun and Bradstreet or the Small 
Business Administration. 
SSRP Audits An assessment of a suppliers' adherence to social responsibility standards, including labor practices, environmental impact, health and safety, and ethical business conduct for each respective reporting year. Parameters include, but are not 
limited to, HSE impact, permit, program and performance; labor practice with respect to wage, working hours, child labor, forced labor, human trafficking and human rights; security and intellectual property protection. 
STEM role A job within the career fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics. At Baker Hughes, this includes all roles in the job family groups of digital technology, engineering and technology, HSE, field operations, information technology 
(IT), product management, project management, quality and services. STEM roles also includes all roles in the job families of manufacturing engineering and finance IT. 
Supplier An organization or individual that enters into an agreement with the acquirer or integrator for the supply of a product or service. This includes all suppliers in the supply chain, developers or manufacturers of systems, system components, or 
system services; systems integrators; vendors; product resellers; and third-party partners. 
Tier 1 spend The dollar amount spent by Baker Hughes directly with suppliers who are identified as small or diverse. See definition of diverse supplier or small business supplier for each respective reporting year. 
Tier 2 spend Suppliers who have their own supplier diversity program in which spend with small and/or diverse businesses is tracked and reported to Baker Hughes through use of our third-party tracking tool for each respective reporting year. 
Term Definition 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
120

Appendix C: Stakeholder Engagement 
Interpreting this section 
Stakeholder engagement provides us the opportunity to gain the valuable insights and impactful participation needed to be a global leader for a lower carbon future. 
Our stakeholder engagement process allows us to identify organizations that align with our purpose, strategy, core values, corporate commercial and sustainability strategies and policy positions, facilitating collaboration to help advance our strategic 
goals and objectives. Each year, we re-evaluate the list of identified stakeholders to confirm we have identified relevant groups. Our contributions to associations, think tanks, consortia and academic partnerships across our businesses and geographies 
help shape the future of energy. To read more about the policies used to select our partners, please see our Strategic Engagement Policy. In 2024, we worked with several key organizations including: 
• American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers • Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute • International Association of Oil and Gas Producers • Resources for the Future 
• American Petroleum Institute • Hydrogen Council • International Renewable Energy Agency • The Nature Conservancy 
• Ammonia Energy Association • Hydrogen Europe • Ipieca • United Nations Environmental Program 
• Carbon Capture and Storage Association • IEA GHG Research and Development Program • Keystone Policy Center • World Cement Association 
• Confindustria • International Emissions Trading Association • National Petroleum Council • World Resources Institute 
• European Geothermal Energy Council • International Geothermal Association • Oil and Gas Climate Initiative 
• Geothermal Rising • International Labor Organization • Offshore Energies U.K. 
Through various methods and processes, a broad spectrum of both internal and external stakeholders are engaged. The table below identifies key stakeholder groups, methods of engagement including frequency and examples. 
Stakeholder Forms of engagement Frequency Example engagement 
Communities Civic engagement through economic development groups, chambers of commerce and 
related forums. Collaboration and social investments where we operate and in support of 
broader society. 
We have ongoing dialogue with community partners on charitable projects and planning 
for employee volunteerism. 
Community engagements are outlined in the People section. 
Customers Global, regional and local industry events, forums and conferences. Proprietary Company 
events and meetings. Partnerships and working groups to advance best practices. 
Our senior leaders and commercial teams actively participate in hundreds of customer 
events and meetings across the globe. 
Baker Hughes and Repsol, a global multi-energy company, signed a memorandum of 
understanding to collaboratively develop and deploy next-generation artificial intelligence 
capabilities through the Leucipa™ automated field production solution. This collaboration 
leverages the shared knowledge, best practices and technical expertise of both companies 
to optimize production, improve efficiency and reduce emissions. 
Employees Town hall meetings and people leader engagement. Volunteer events, communities of 
interest (COIs) and employee resource groups (ERGs).  Interactive online forums and online 
resources including our Sustainability Knowledge Center. 
We exchange ideas and feedback with our employees across a wide array of 
communications channels weekly, monthly, quarterly and annually. 
Employee engagement on sustainability is outlined in the People section. 
Governments Formal and informal bilateral and industry group meetings with public officials at all levels 
of government. Advocacy and other direct engagement in compliance with applicable 
laws and regulations. 
Given the breadth and scope of our industry and the global footprint in which we operate, 
Baker Hughes senior leaders across our operations engage with all levels of government on 
a regular basis. 
In the EU, we engaged with the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers on the EU 
Clean Industrial Deal and Omnibus Package and with the CCUS Association on the cross-
border transfer of CO2. We collaborated with Offshore Energies U.K. on two government 
consultations on the future of energy in the North Sea. 
Investors Public quarterly earnings calls, annual shareholder meeting, executive meetings and 
presentations. Outreach program led by our Investor Relations group, the Corporate 
Secretary’s Office and Executive Compensation Team. 
We inform our investors and analysts about our operations formally on a quarterly and 
annual basis, as well as proactively engage in year-round integrated outreach, to monitor 
developments in corporate governance and sustainability. 
Please see our Investor Relations website for additional information on engagements in 
2024. 
Policy groups and 
associations 
Global membership participation. Working groups, committees and public-private 
partnership activities in industry groups and associations. Leadership and committee 
positions that extend and strengthen organizational capabilities. 
Our participation in industry groups includes monthly, quarterly and annual meetings, 
events and engagement to advance best practices and policy positions. 
The United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) stands as the world's largest corporate 
sustainability initiative, dedicated to aligning company strategies and operations with 
universal principles. As committed signatories, we actively engaged with the UNGC, 
showcasing our advancements in sustainability and our support for the Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) at various events, including the SDG Summit during Climate 
Week NYC. 
Universities, institutions 
and NGOs 
Connections, collaborations and partnerships on a variety of shared business, industry, 
social and environmental interests globally. 
We participate in multiple opportunities to collaborate with institutions and organizations 
on public policy, regulations, technology roadmaps and a variety of research projects. 
The Payne Institute at Colorado School of Mines offers research and dialogue to inform 
energy and environmental policy. We collaborate with Payne and Mines on sustainable 
sourcing to enhance transparency in supplier emissions. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
     
      
        
   
 
  
 
 
         
 
 
  
 
   
121

Legal disclosures 
We report our sustainability performance annually. This report was developed for the reporting period of January 1 to 
December 31, 2024. This report includes several restatements of data from prior years’ reports. Those restatements and the 
reasons for them are identified as they appear. Our organizational boundary is based on an operational control approach. 
We report performance from the operation of our wholly owned companies and the subsidiaries over which we have 
operational control and exclude non-operated, minority-owned joint ventures. Our report is reviewed prior to publication by 
our Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee as part of their regular review of sustainability and corporate 
responsibility topics and approved by the full Board of Directors. 
Unless otherwise specifically stated, this report covers Baker Hughes’s performance in 2024. Incremental information 
regarding our sustainability report has been included in our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our 2024 Proxy Statement, 
which can be found at https://investors.bakerhughes.com/investor-relations. 
The goals and projects described in this report are aspirational; as such, no guarantees or promises are made that these 
goals and projects will be met or successfully executed. . The reporting of GHG Scope 3 emissions and related goals, 
aspirations, and/or ambitions are not to be understood as the assumption of any legal responsibility in relation to the actual 
and/or potential impacts of said GHG emissions. Achieving of any Scope 3 emissions goals, aspirations, and/or ambitions will 
require the development and deployment of breakthrough technologies at scale, some of which don’t currently exist. 
Furthermore, data, statistics and metrics included in this report are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles (GAAP), continue to evolve and may be based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of 
preparation, but should not be considered guarantees and may be subject to future revision. This report uses certain terms 
including those that GRI or others refer to as “material” to reflect the issues or priorities of Baker Hughes and its stakeholders. 
Used in this context, however, these terms are distinct from and should not be confused with, the terms “material” and 
“materiality” as defined by or construed in accordance with securities, or other, laws or as used in the context of financial 
statements and reporting. 
Statements of future events or conditions in this report, including those that concern future circumstances and results and 
other statements that are not historical facts and are sometimes identified by the words “may,” “will,” “should,” “potential,” 
“intend,” “expect,” “endeavor,” “seek,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “overestimate,” “underestimate,” “believe,” “could,” “project,” 
“predict,” “continue,” “target” or other similar words or expressions, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements are based upon current plans, estimates and expectations that are subject to risks, uncertainties and 
assumptions. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual 
results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. The inclusion of such 
statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. 
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such plans, estimates or expectations include, 
among others: changes in demand for oil and natural gas, as well as integrated products and services; expenditure 
reductions; changes in economic, political and business conditions; changes in laws, regulations, other requirements or the 
enforcement or interpretation thereof including those related to oil and gas exploration and production, natural resources 
and fossil fuels management and climate-related initiatives; technological developments of and substantial investments in, 
alternative energy; success of our CCUS and other initiatives; expectations regarding the energy transition and the role that 
we and our products and services can play in that transition; timing and impact of global adoption of policies that further the 
global energy transition, or the delay or lack of such adoption; inability to reduce environmental impact; involvement in 
litigation; inability to satisfy service, equipment and power purchase agreements; inability to obtain, maintain, protect or 
enforce our intellectual property rights; remedial or non-compliance actions; the financial and operating conditions of our 
supply chain; defects in risk management; losses from, or the inability to identify and mitigate, risks inherent in operating in 
the global energy industry; high cost or unavailability of infrastructure, materials, equipment, supplies and/or personnel; 
potential disruption of operations due to war, accidents, weather and seasonal factors, political events, civil unrest, 
cybersecurity, geopolitical, or terrorism threats, pandemics, economic downturns or other causes beyond our control; and 
the risk factors in the “Risk Factors” section of our 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and those set forth from time-to-time in 
other filings by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), available through our website or 
through the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering and Analysis Retrieval (EDGAR) system at http://www.sec.gov. 
Baker Hughes 2024 Sustainability Report
Contents Leadership PrinciplesPlanet AppendicesPeopleWho We Are2024 Highlights
   
       
       
   
   
  
  
     
      
       
      
    
       
  
   
  
    
       
    
    
 
      
     
 
    
     
  
     
      
       
     
    
      
   
    
   
    
   
  
     
   
      
  
    
122