2022 Sustainability Report
Challenging 
Ourselves to Lead in 
Sustainable Energy
View Report
Download Report Sections
View Performance Data
Additional Resources
GRI Content Index
SASB Refining and Marketing Table
SASB Midstream Table
Reporting Framework Cross-Reference Table
Perspectives on Climate-Related Scenarios
2022 MPC Sustainability Highlights
2022 MPLX Sustainability Highlights
Policies and Supporting Materials
Marathonpetroleum.com

Contents
Overview
3 MPC at a Glance
3 A Message from Our CEO
4 2022 Sustainability Highlights
5 Our Approach to Sustainability
5 ESG Performance Linked to 
Compensation
6 Stakeholder Engagement and Shared 
Value
6 Identification of ESG Reporting Topics
Strengthen Resiliency
8 Lowering Our Carbon Footprint
8 Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions
8 Scope 3 Emissions
8 Capital Allocation
9 Focus on Energy
10 Methane Emissions
11 Conserving Natural Resources
11 Reducing, Reusing and Recycling Waste
12 Biodiversity
14 Spill Prevention
15 Emergency Preparedness
16 Water
18 Air Quality and Emissions
Innovate for the Future
20 Renewables and Emerging Technologies
20 Renewable Fuels Portfolio
21 Carbon Capture and Sequestration and 
Clean Hydrogen Hubs
Embed Sustainability
24 A Culture of Safety
25 Enhanced Safety Programs
25 Engaged and Energized Workforce
26 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
29 Employee Engagement
30 Investing in Our Employees
31 Employee Training and Development
32 Respecting Human Rights
33 Engaging Our Stakeholders and 
Communities
34 Partnership with Our Tribal Neighbors
35 Community Investments
37 Working Toward a Just and Responsible 
Transition
39 Managing Supplier Risk
40 Accountable and Transparent 
Governance
40 Our Board of Directors
41 Sustainability Governance
42 Operational Excellence Management 
System
42 Enterprise Risk Management
43 Compliance and Ethics
44 Political Contributions and Advocacy
45 Cybersecurity
Appendix
47 About this Report
47 Performance Data
60 EEO-1 Report
60 Glossary
2

136 years
in the energy business, innovating 
and evolving since 1887
MPC’s master limited partnership 
formed in 2012, to own, operate, 
develop and acquire midstream 
energy infrastructure assets
2.9 million
barrels per calendar day of crude 
oil refining capacity
12 billion
standard cubic feet per day of 
natural gas processing capacity
2.4 billion
gallons of renewable fuels 
delivered in 2022
~   19,000
miles of pipeline owned, leased, 
or with ownership interest
2 strong brands
40.3 million
barrels of terminal storage 
capacity
~   8,400
North American branded 
locations
319
vessels and barges owned 
and operated through marine 
business
537
transport trucks owned 
and operated
~12,800 
rail tank cars owned, leased and 
operated
A Message from our CEO
At MPC and MPLX, we continue challenging ourselves to lead 
in sustainable energy. To drive our progress, we’re focused on 
strengthening the resiliency of our operations, innovating for the 
future, and embedding sustainability in our decision-making and 
how we engage our employees and other stakeholders. This is 
an endeavor that touches important aspects of our operations – 
environmental stewardship, our people, our communities, and the 
governance processes and structures we use to guide our actions.
To hold ourselves accountable for continuous improvement on 
environmental performance, we have established GHG emissions 
reduction goals that are time-bound and realistic. We are on track 
to achieve our Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity reduction goal 
of 30% below 2014 levels by 2030 – as of year-end 2022 we 
were at 25%. Similarly, we have made significant progress on our 
methane emissions intensity goals. We are committed to updating 
and expanding targets as new information, opportunities and/
or technologies become available. Throughout this report, we 
highlight areas where we intend to modify several of our existing 
targets based upon our progress to date and new information. 
One of the key contributors to our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
reductions is our industry-leading energy efficiency. We have 
earned the U.S. EPA’s ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Y ear – 
Sustained Excellence award four consecutive years, and our 
refineries have earned more ENERGY STAR certifications for 
energy efficiency than all other refineries in the U.S. combined.
We also continue to drive down the GHG emissions intensity of 
our operations through ongoing investments in renewables. Over 
the past four years, we have invested over $1 billion to convert 
two of our petroleum refineries to renewable fuels production, and 
MPC has become one of the largest marketers of renewable fuels 
in the U.S. Our Dickinson, North Dakota, facility produced nearly 
170 million gallons of renewable diesel in 2022, and our Martinez 
Renewable Fuels Facility – owned through our 50/50 joint venture 
with Neste – began producing renewable diesel in the first quarter 
of 2023. By the end of 2023, we expect the Martinez facility to 
reach full capacity of over 730 million gallons of renewable fuels 
production per year. We recently expanded our renewable fuels 
portfolio by acquiring a 49.9% interest in LF Bioenergy, which 
builds, owns, and operates facilities that turn organic waste on 
dairy farms into renewable natural gas (RNG). 
None of these accomplishments would be possible without 
our talented and dedicated people. As part of our efforts to 
maintain a competitive workforce and reﬂect the diversity of our 
communities, we implemented a diversity, equity and inclusion 
(DE&I) metric tied to employee and executive compensation. Our 
goal for 2022 was for external hires to represent at least 30% 
BIPOC (Black, Indigenous and People of Color) and 26% women. 
We remain committed to building a more diverse workforce and 
to foster the professional growth of our team members. We're 
investing in leadership development and skills training as we strive 
to be an employer of choice for individuals within and beyond 
our industry, and we’ve renewed our focus on proven programs 
designed to protect the health and safety of our people. 
Our neighbors in the communities where we operate are some 
of our most important stakeholders. We continually look for 
innovative ways to improve our communities by partnering with 
people and organizations that drive workforce development, 
sustainability and opportunities to support thriving communities. 
In 2022, we invested $23 million in our communities, and our 
employees gave another $4 million of their own, supporting more 
than 1,000 nonprofit organizations. MPC invested over $1 million to 
directly support tribal communities where MPC and MPLX operate.  
Our challenge to lead in sustainable energy is driving us to be 
a better company and positioning us for success in an evolving 
energy industry. I encourage you to read this report to learn more 
about our commitments and the diligent efforts we’re undertaking 
to meet them. 
Michael J. Hennigan 
President and Chief Executive Officer  
MPC & MPLX
July 2023
MPC at a Glance
3

2022 Sustainability Highlights
17%  
reduction
in freshwater withdrawal 
intensity since 2016
$23  
million+
invested in communities  
by MPC and MPLX
1,035 
acres
of pipeline rights of way 
converted to sustainable 
landscapes since 2021
4th  
consecutive 
year listed on the Dow Jones 
Sustainability North  
America Index
2.4  
billion 
gallons of renewable fuels 
delivered – making MPC one 
of the largest marketers of 
renewable fuels in the U.S. 
79% 
increase 
in annual diverse supplier  
spend since 2019 
25%  
reduction 
in companywide Scope 1  
and 2 GHG emissions intensity 
since 2014
5%  
reduction
in Absolute Scope 3 -  
Category 11 emissions  
since 2019
51%  
reduction
in methane emissions  
intensity since 2016
4th  
consecutive
U.S. EPA ENERGY STAR® 
Partner of the Y ear – Sustained 
Excellence Award and six 2022 
ENERGY STAR certifications 
earned by MPC refineries –  
an industry record 
3 
American Fuel &  
Petrochemical  
Manufacturers  
safety awards
2,300+ 
new employees -  
32% BIPOC,  
19% women
1 
million+
training hours recorded by  
MPC employees
4

CO2e
ESG Performance Linked to Compensation
Our commitment to embedding sustainability is reﬂected in measurable and achievable environmental, social and governance (ESG) targets 
linked to our companywide annual bonus program. In 2021, we introduced a diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) component  —  making 
us the first U.S. independent downstream energy company to link improving diversity representation to compensation, in the same way we 
led the industry in linking GHG intensity reductions to compensation. Weighted at 20% of our annual bonus program, our ESG metric also 
includes safety and environmental performance components. 
Measures our 
effectiveness toward 
reaching our five-year 
representation goals with 
respect to women and 
Black, Indigenous and 
People of Color (BIPOC).1
Measures our ability to 
identify, understand and 
control certain process 
hazards, taking into account 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 events, 
with Tier 1 events multiplied 
by three to recognize their 
severity. 
Measures environmental 
performance through 
tracking Tier 3 and 4 
incidents.
Measures how efficiently 
we operate our facilities 
and implement a 
business plan that 
promotes a lower 
carbon-intensive future. 
GHG intensity is based 
on Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions divided 
by the manufacturing 
inputs processed at our 
refineries and natural 
gas processing and 
fractionation plants.
1  External hires for the purpose of this 
goal exclude interns and conditional 
employees. Metrics are aspirational 
in nature and achieving them will 
at all times be consistent with our 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
Policy.
Our Approach to Sustainability
At MPC and MPLX, our commitment to sustainability means striving to create shared value with our stakeholders  —  empowering people 
to achieve more, contributing to progress in our communities and protecting the environment we all share. We are challenging ourselves 
to lead in sustainable energy  —  meeting the needs of today while investing in an energy-diverse future. This objective drives us to 
strengthen the resiliency of our business, innovate for the future and embed sustainability in all we do.
Strengthen  
Resiliency
Strengthening our business for 
today, while building durability for 
the future
We operate with an understanding of 
the potential environmental impacts 
of our business. This understanding 
informs our commitment to lower the 
carbon intensity of our operations and 
the products we manufacture, improve 
the energy efficiency of our operations 
and advance practices that conserve 
natural resources.
Innovate  
for the Future
Investing in the energy evolution 
to lower carbon intensity and 
capture value
We strive to be a market leader in the 
production and delivery of renewable 
fuels, seek ways to expand the use of 
renewable energy in our operations 
and deploy emerging technologies 
that reduce environmental impact while 
enhancing business performance.
Embed  
Sustainability
Embracing sustainability in 
decision-making, in how we 
engage our people and in 
how we create value with 
stakeholders
We are committed to protecting the 
health and safety of our employees 
and the public, responsibly managing 
our social impacts, promoting diversity, 
equity and inclusion and maintaining 
accountable and transparent 
governance.
20%
of annual bonus program 
linked to ESG metrics
5% 5% 5% 5%
Greenhouse 
Gas  
Intensity
Process  
Safety Events 
Score
Designated 
Environmental 
Incidents
Diversity,  
Equity and 
Inclusion
5

1  ESG topics identified here should be considered distinct from concepts of materiality in financial reporting and under securities laws. ESG topics according to GRI consider impacts an organization 
may have on the broader economy, environment and society and factors viewed as important to stakeholders.
At MPC and MPLX, we strive to build shared value with our stakeholders, including employees, shareholders, business partners, 
customers, the communities where we live and work and governments. Our sustainability strategy is guided by ongoing dialogue with 
stakeholders to inform our understanding of the issues and trends facing our industry and company. We consistently seek stakeholder 
perspectives and incorporate their feedback and insights, as appropriate, into our approach to sustainability.
Identification of ESG Reporting T opics
Our most recent ESG reporting materiality assessment was 
conducted in early 2023 and considered both stakeholder 
feedback and external developments. The goal of the 
assessment was to understand and prioritize ESG reporting 
topics that are most significant to our stakeholders and overlap 
with topics that are significant to our business. Consistent with 
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Oil and Gas Sector Standard, we 
continue to report on topics that reﬂect significant ESG impacts 
and enable stakeholders to assess our ESG performance. 
1. New ESG reporting topics were identified through research, 
stakeholder engagement and topics identified in previous 
assessments. 
2. External and internal stakeholders were engaged through 
interviews, surveys and other approaches to understand their 
perspectives on identified topics. 
3. Information gathered from stakeholder engagements 
was combined with insights from industry benchmarking, 
governmental regulations, voluntary initiatives and analysis 
of online news and social media trends utilizing Datamaran®, 
which identifies and monitors material ESG risks and 
opportunities.
4. The insights and analysis described in step three above 
resulted in a list of significant ESG reporting topics for MPC 
and MPLX.
The majority of our topics remain and are of similar priority 
relative to our previous analysis. Public health risks was added 
as a topic during the COVID-19 pandemic but has since been 
removed based on our analysis. We combined the employee 
engagement topic with human capital management. Critical 
incident management and response increased in significance 
due to feedback from external stakeholders. One new topic, 
renewable fuels, was added this year.
Stakeholder Engagement and Shared Value
2022 by the Numbers
Our People
$3.8  
billion+
paid in wages and 
benefits to 17,000+ 
employees
Shareholders
71% of 
shares
engaged with 
investors 
representing 71% of 
MPC’s outstanding 
shares
Business Partners
$9  
billion
paid to 13,600+ 
suppliers and 
business partners for 
goods and services1 
Customers
3.5 
million+
barrels per day of 
products sold to 
5,700+ customers
Communities
$23 
million+
invested in the 
communities in 
which we operate 
through company 
contributions
Governments
$18 
billion+
paid in taxes 
contributing to 
national, state and 
local economies2 
How We Engage
 ɦ Code of Business 
Conduct 
 ɦ Integrity Helpline 
 ɦ CEO 
communications 
 ɦ Regular employee 
communications 
 ɦ Performance 
management 
 ɦ Safety meetings 
 ɦ Training and 
professional 
development 
 ɦ Employee Network 
Groups 
 ɦ Wellness programs
 ɦ Investor 
presentations and 
conferences 
 ɦ Engagement 
with analysts and 
portfolio managers 
 ɦ Engagement 
with investor 
stewardship teams 
 ɦ Annual Shareholder 
Meeting 
 ɦ SEC filings 
 ɦ Press releases
 ɦ Supplier Code of 
Conduct 
 ɦ Business partner 
reviews 
 ɦ Sourcing process 
 ɦ Contract 
management 
 ɦ Supplier diversity 
program 
 ɦ Supplier audits 
 ɦ Supplier 
recognition awards 
 ɦ Strategic 
partnership 
management
 ɦ Global, regional 
and local industry 
events, forums and 
conferences 
 ɦ Company events 
and meetings 
 ɦ Working groups 
to advance best 
practices
 ɦ Websites, news and 
social media 
 ɦ Community 
investment 
programs 
 ɦ Community 
engagement 
and board 
representation 
 ɦ Bridge programs 
 ɦ Employment fairs
 ɦ Landowner events 
 ɦ Focus groups 
 ɦ Community surveys 
 ɦ Facility tours 
 ɦ Community hotlines 
 ɦ Community 
Advisory Panels 
 ɦ Facilitation of 
community events 
 ɦ Sponsorships
 ɦ Advocacy 
 ɦ Policy development 
 ɦ Industry and 
trade association 
representation 
 ɦ Regulatory 
and permitting 
compliance 
 ɦ Regulatory audits 
 ɦ Collaboration 
on community 
investment projects 
 ɦ Facility tours 
1 Excludes crude/feedstock purchases and third-party logistics payments.
2 Includes sales, use, excise taxes.
ESG REPORTING TOPICS1
IMPORTANCE TO SOCIETY
BUSINESS IMPACT 
SIGNIFICANTHIGHL Y SIGNIFICANT (INTERNAL)HIGHL Y SIGNIFICANT (EXTERNAL)MOST SIGNIFICANT
Water use and conservation
Energy management
Ecological impacts
Transparency
Management of local impacts
Governance structures  
and mechanisms
Supply chain management
Waste and hazardous 
materials management
Understanding the 
legal and regulatory 
environment
Human rights
Stakeholder 
engagement
Human capital management
Spills
Cybersecurity
Business ethics and 
accountability
Process safety
Workforce health 
and safety
Diversity, equity and 
inclusion
Climate change risks  
and opportunities
Air quality and 
emissions
GHG emissions
Renewable fuels
Critical incident risk management
6

Strengthen 
Resiliency
Strengthening our business for 
today, while building durability for 
the future
8 Lowering Our Carbon Footprint
11 Conserving Natural Resources
7

Lowering Our Carbon Footprint
We are committed to reducing the carbon footprint of our operations and the products we manufacture, improving the energy efficiency 
of our operations, and working with others to improve energy efficiency within the manufacturing, consumer and transportation sectors.
In 2020, we adopted a companywide Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions intensity reduction target to reduce our GHG intensity 
30% below 2014 levels by 2030. The metric is computed by 
aggregating the Scope 1 emissions — direct emissions from 
our operations — and Scope 2 emissions — indirect emissions 
from the electricity and steam we purchase to support our 
business activities across all our organizations  — divided by total 
manufacturing inputs. 
 2030 Goal   Progress
Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions Intensity
(tonnes CO2e/thousand boe input)
Companywide Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity 
(tonnes CO2e/thousand boe input)
 Actual   Goal Trajectory
We have reduced our Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
intensity for the eighth straight year.
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions
We have achieved this reduction through multiple initiatives, 
including our Focus on Energy program, the acquisition and 
expansion of our MPLX Gathering and Processing (G&P) 
business, along with our growth in renewable fuels. In fact, we 
increased the percentage of natural gas, natural gas liquids and 
renewable feedstocks delivered to our manufacturing sites from 
less than 1% in 2011 to approximately 40% by the end of 2022.
Some other notable progress related to our 2022 Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions are as follows:
 ɦ Since 2014, our Refining Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions have 
decreased on an absolute basis by over 10% while absolute 
companywide Scope 1 and 2 emissions have decreased by 
nearly 5%, even with the expansion of our MPLX G&P and 
renewable fuels business.
 ɦ Since 2019, our companywide Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
have decreased by over 10% on an absolute basis. 
Overall, this metric is a direct measure of our climate performance 
and helps us assess progress with our energy initiatives. As we 
are on track to achieve this goal prior to 2030, we are currently 
undergoing an evaluation of this metric with plans to revise it by 
the end of 2024 and extend it at least through 2035.
30% 
reduction of Scope 1 
and 2 GHG emissions 
intensity by 2030 from 
2014 levels
25%
25% reduction in companywide Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions intensity since 2014
MPC’s Scope 3 GHG emissions reduction target covers Category 
11: Use of Sold Products, which entail more than 70% of our total 
calculated Scope 3 GHG emissions. Informed by guidance from 
the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and Ipieca, the target 
is based on refined product yields, as these represent larger 
emissions than our marketed volumes. 
In 2022 we achieved a 5% reduction of absolute Scope 3 - 
Category 11 GHG emissions from our refineries since 2019. The 
reduction each year has varied based on utilization.
To date, the reduction has been primarily from ceasing crude 
oil processing in 2020 at three refineries that were providing 
marginal returns and facing future regulatory expenditures. 
Two of these facilities have subsequently been repurposed to 
produce renewable diesel, helping to reduce CO2 emissions in 
hard-to-abate sectors such as heavy-duty shipping. 
  Additional details on our evolving view of Scope 3 emissions 
can be found on Page 12 of our annual Perspectives on 
Climate-Related Scenarios report.
 2030 Goal   Progress
Absolute Scope 3 -  
Category 11 GHG Emissions
(tonnes CO2e)
Capital AllocationScope 3 Emissions
15% 
reduction of Scope 3 - 
Category 11 GHG emissions 
by 2030 from 2019 levels
5%
1  Does not include MPLX capital allocation. ~$230 million is allocated to increase renewable 
fuels production and ~$120 million is allocated to implement projects at the Los Angeles 
refinery that will reduce emissions and oxides of nitrogen and Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.
20
22
24
26
28
30
2014 2016 2018 2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
Scope 1 & 2 GHG Intensity
(tonnes CO2e / thousand BOE)
Actuals Goal Trajectory
30% 
reduction
At MPC and MPLX, we invest to strengthen the competitive 
position of our assets, increase our resilience and support the 
energy evolution. 
Our risk-based capital allocation strategy is designed to ensure 
strict capital discipline and long-term competitive returns for 
our shareholders. We require higher return-on-investment (ROI) 
thresholds for projects with greater financial and regulatory 
uncertainty than those with more stable cash ﬂow and lower 
regulatory risk. The ROI thresholds are highest for refining 
investments. This has the effect of a de facto carbon price 
because refining projects, with the highest carbon exposure, 
must overcome a much higher minimum rate of return than, for 
instance, investments in our MPLX natural gas G&P business, 
with lower carbon exposure. Projects are also individually 
evaluated against our long-term price forecast, which considers 
the demand projections from various Paris aligned scenarios 
in alignment with our climate-related targets. This process has 
contributed to the significant shift in our manufacturing outputs.
Our 2023 capital outlook projects approximately 40% of MPC’s 
growth capital1 is expected to be directed toward renewables 
and carbon reduction projects. These projects include the 
remainder of MPC’s 50% share to complete the $1.2 billion 
conversion of our Martinez, California, refinery into a renewable 
diesel facility, $56 million invested in a renewable natural gas 
(RNG) company and strategic investments to modernize and 
reduce nearly 1 million tonnes of Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
at our Los Angeles, California, refinery. For MPLX, the majority of 
growth capital is being directed to expansion and optimization of 
our natural gas and natural gas liquids business.
8

ENERGY STAR® 
Certification
Six MPC refineries received 2022 ENERGY 
STAR certifications for top energy efficiency 
performance. This set a record for the most 
certified refineries from a single petroleum 
refining company in one year. 
MPC ENERGY STAR CERTIFIED REFINERIES
 Anacortes, Washington
 Canton, Ohio
 Detroit, Michigan
 Garyville, Louisiana
 Robinson, Illinois
  St. Paul Park, Minnesota
Requirements for Refinery Certification: 
 ɦ Achieve energy efficiency performance in the 
top 25% of similar facilities nationwide
 ɦ Certify energy performance data through a 
licensed professional engineer
 ɦ Satisfy EPA environmental compliance criteria
Certification Benefits:
 ɦ Reduces GHG emissions
 ɦ Lowers operating costs
 ɦ Inspires innovative practices
 ɦ Drives technological advancements
ENERGY STAR®  
Partner of the Y ear
   Achieved by MPC four years in a row
    The highest level of recognition in the U.S. 
EPA’s ENERGY STAR program
Focus on Energy
We have achieved significant energy efficiency, GHG reductions 
and cost savings through our Focus on Energy program, including 
avoiding the equivalent of over 2 billion Btu/hour of energy use 
since inception of the program in 2007. Collectively, this energy 
reduction translated into energy savings of $100 million per 
year based upon 2022 energy costs. This is roughly the same 
as eliminating the energy use of over 100,000 homes or taking 
200,000 gasoline-powered passenger vehicles off the road for 
one year.1 
As a part of our Focus on Energy program, we have energy 
coordinators at our refineries who:
 ɦ Identify and track energy operating parameters
 ɦ Develop and implement energy conservation roadmaps
 ɦ Consider energy efficiency in every new project scope
SIX 
MPC ENERGY  
STAR certified 
refineries
ENERGY STAR® Challenge for Industry
The ENERGY STAR Challenge for Industry is a national call 
to action to improve the energy efficiency of America’s 
manufacturers by 10% or more. By taking the ENERGY STAR 
Challenge, manufacturing sites set a goal to reduce their energy 
intensity by 10% within five years.
Four MPLX terminals achieved the ENERGY STAR Challenge for 
Industry in 2022 by reducing their energy intensity by over 20% 
within a five-year period. We now have 10 terminals that have 
achieved the challenge.
CHALLENGE ACHIEVED BY 10 MPLX TERMINALS
 Champaign, Illinois
 Charleston, West Virginia
 Cincinnati, Ohio
 Jackson, Michigan
 Lansing, Michigan
 Muncie, Indiana
 Nashville Bordeaux, Tennessee
 Nashville 51st Ave., Tennessee
 Nashville Downtown, Tennessee
 Y oungstown, Ohio
Participating terminals utilize vapor recovery units (VRUs) to 
recover vapors as trucks are loaded. Continuous emission 
monitors equipped with Smart-Start processing equipment allow 
the VRUs to operate only while loading — saving power and 
decreasing emissions. These terminals have collectively reduced 
approximately 2,300 tonnes of CO2 emissions and saved enough 
energy to power 300 homes for one year.1
In 2022, we also submitted an ENERGY STAR Challenge 
application for our Bluestone gas processing facility in 
Pennsylvania, making it the first gas plant to enter the challenge.
1  EPA, Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator, available at https://www.epa.gov/energy/greenhouse-gas-
equivalencies-calculator.
9

As a result of new data and in light of EPA's 
intention to revise emissions factors for select 
equipment, we plan to update our methane 
targets in 2024 to reﬂect changes in the 
assumptions that were used to set our targets. 
This additional time will allow us to perform 
further testing of compressors and evaluate 
ways to reduce methane slip.
Comparing the effect MPLX G&P’s 
~10,000 tonnes per year methane 
emissions reduction has on intensity 
using updated compressor engine 
data
 Existing Emissions Intensity 
 Potential Revised Emissions Intensity
MPLX Focus Areas for Methane Emissions Reductions
Reductions Achieved 
Since 2016
(tonnes per year)
Additional Reductions 
Expected Through 2030
(tonnes per year)
Pneumatic Devices 
 ɦ Over 80% of 25,000+ pneumatic controllers are already powered by compressed air
 ɦ Eliminate all ~340 high-bleed natural gas-driven controllers from service (completed 2022) 
 ɦ Convert ~3,100 remaining natural gas-driven control valves to compressed air or other near-zero methane 
emissions technology 
 ɦ Route emissions from ~1,100 gas-driven pumps to control devices or convert to compressed air or other zero 
methane emissions technology
~2,500 ~8,000
Pipeline Launchers and Receivers 
 ɦ Controlled existing pipeline launchers and receivers that are opened frequently
 ɦ Designed new installations with a smaller launcher/receiver chamber
 ɦ Modified purging practices to reduce venting events
~1,000
Sharing technology with 
natural gas industry 
to reduce others' 
emissions
Fugitive Leak Detection and Repair (LDAR) 
 ɦ Implementing LDAR programs at all compressor stations
 ɦ Implementing LDAR programs at facility types not expected to be covered by EPA’s proposed regulations ~500 ~1,000
Control Reciprocating Compressor Emissions 
 ɦ Install monitoring ports and complete periodic monitoring on ~1,000 reciprocating compressors to proactively 
replace rod packing when warranted
 ɦ Install low-emissions rod packing and measurement ports on 50% of reciprocating compressors by the end of 
2023, 75% by the end of 2024, and 100% by the end of 2025
 ɦ Explore ability to reduce methane slip
~1,000 ~5,000
Maintenance Venting and Other Controls
 ɦ Optimize necessary maintenance venting and blowdowns to reduce emissions going to the atmosphere, 
including using vapor recovery units and/or portable ﬂares
 ɦ Install additional controls where appropriate (e.g., select tanks)
 ɦ Install ﬂare monitoring and control systems to improve combustion efficiency where appropriate
~5,000 ~1,000
Advancing Measurement and Quantification Technology 
 ɦ Analyze methane emissions data from Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy (FTIR) testing performed 
 ɦ Employ advanced monitoring technologies, such as satellite imagery, ﬂyovers and drones, to identify leaks and 
inform emissions calculations
 ɦ Pilot continuous measurement systems, such as fenceline monitors, to conduct more frequent and real-time 
monitoring
--- TBD
Total ~10,000 ~15,000
Methane Emissions
In 2022, MPLX expanded our methane emissions intensity 
reduction target to 75% below 2016 levels by 2030. The 
reduction target applies to MPLX’s natural gas Gathering and 
Processing (G&P) operations and is an expansion of our existing 
2025 target to reduce methane emissions intensity by 50% 
below 2016 levels.
 2030 Goal   2025 Goal
 Progress
Methane Emissions 
Intensity
(methane-scf/natural gas input-scf)
51%
Reduce MPLX G&P 
methane emissions 
intensity 50% by 2025  
and 75% by 2030  
from 2016 levels
0.00%
0.01%
0.02%
0.03%
0.04%
0.05%
0.06%
0.07%
0.08%
2016 2022 2016 2022
Existing Emissions Intensity Potential Evised Emissions Intensity
2016 2022 2016 2022
Inflation Reduction Act 
Methane Fee Target
51% 
reduction
~38% 
reduction
(methane-scf / natural gas input-scf)
1    See U.S. EPA, Proposed Rule: Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule: Revisions and 
Confidentiality Determinations for Petroleum and Natural Gas Systems, (Pre-publication 
version issued June 30, 2023).
2  Inﬂation Reduction Act of 2022, H.R. 5376, 117th Cong. (2022).
We continue to pursue more measurement-based methane 
emissions data from our G&P assets to supplement the methane 
emissions inventory mandated by the U.S. EPA’s Mandatory 
GHG Reporting Rule (40 CFR Part 98). We performed extensive 
monitoring and verification of methane emissions across our G&P 
assets through our involvement in the Environmental Partnership 
and collaboration with Cheniere Energy, Inc. 
  For more information on these initiatives, please see Page 
15 of our annual Perspectives on Climate-Related Scenarios 
report.
This enhanced monitoring generally confirmed our methane 
emissions inventory with one notable exception. Stack testing of 
nearly half of our large gas-fired compressors revealed methane 
slip above existing EPA emission factors. Methane slip refers to 
the natural gas fuel that is not fully combusted in a compressor 
engine and released through the exhaust stack. The higher 
measured concentrations are expected to entail an increase 
of approximately 20,000 tonnes per year in our baseline and 
annual reported methane emissions.
As a result, we are evaluating ways to reduce the methane slip 
from compressors through potential retrofits and optimization.
Some additional methane verification measures we are 
implementing across our G&P assets include routine monitoring 
of our compressor stations using optical gas imaging, pilot 
testing continuous fenceline methane monitoring systems and 
participating in a West Virginia University study of storage tank 
emissions within the Marcellus Shale region.
Higher methane emissions from gas-fired compressor engines 
have emerged as a common finding from the enhanced 
monitoring efforts within the midstream sector. In response, the 
U.S. EPA recently issued proposed revisions in its GHG reporting 
rule which are expected to be finalized in late 2023.1
Through MPLX’s Focus on Methane program, we have 
implemented measures that have achieved approximately 10,000 
tonnes per year of methane emissions reductions. Even with 
potential revised factors, we remain a very efficient operator with 
performance well below the methane intensity target established 
by the Inﬂation Reduction Act.2
10

Reducing, reusing and recycling waste
   Protecting biodiversity
   Reducing freshwater withdrawal
   Improving air quality
Conserving Natural Resources
To meet society’s current and future energy needs, we must 
do our part as responsible stewards of the environment we all 
share. We recognize that our business activities can impact the 
ecosystems and communities in which we operate and that 
these potential impacts must be managed and mitigated. Safety 
and Environmental Stewardship is one of our core values. We 
are committed to minimizing our environmental impact through 
advanced practices and investments that conserve natural 
resources.
$1 billion+ invested in 2022 to improve the environmental 
performance of our assets
Environmental Management
Our Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS) is 
third-party reviewed for alignment with the RC14001® standard. 
This standard incorporates our environmental stewardship 
policies, which include responsibilities to assess and minimize 
our environmental impact, train our employees on environmental 
management best practices and communicate with stakeholders 
about the environmental impacts of our products and operations.
32,000+ hours of environmental training for MPC  
employees in 2022
Accountability
We link environmental performance to employee 
compensation and measure it using the Designated 
Environmental Incident (DEI) metric. It tracks three 
categories of environmental incidents: spills to air, land 
and water, environmental permit exceedances and 
agency enforcement actions. We use four DEI tiers to 
measure severity, with Tiers 1 and 2 being the least 
severe and Tiers 3 and 4 being more severe.
39% reduction in Tier 3 and 4 DEIs since 2019
Priority Areas to Conserve 
Natural Resources
Reducing, Reusing and Recycling Waste
An important aspect of conserving natural resources is actively 
managing waste. We work diligently to minimize the waste 
we generate and to recycle or beneficially reuse as much as 
possible.
Waste Management 
The volume of waste we generate in any given year varies 
significantly depending on scheduled maintenance and 
remediation activities. No matter the waste volume at any given 
time, we maintain a cautious approach to waste management. 
Waste management and minimization plans are in place across 
MPC and MPLX operating locations. Plans are specific to each 
operating component and include elements to legally and more 
responsibly manage waste. 
Waste management and minimization plan elements include:
 ɦ Handling 
 ɦ Characterization
 ɦ Storage
 ɦ Labeling
 ɦ Tracking
 ɦ Transporting
 ɦ Manifesting
 ɦ Proper disposal
 ɦ Employee training
 ɦ Emergency 
preparedness
 ɦ Record-keeping
WASTE MANAGEMENT VENDOR APPROVAL PROGRAM 
In addition to our contractor selection requirements and supplier 
selection process, we maintain a thorough Waste Management 
Vendor Approval Program. This program assesses 
health, environment, safety and security (HES&S) related 
performance of waste disposal and recycling vendors 
before we will conduct business with them. 
All potential vendors must disclose facility information 
including types of waste managed, HES&S practices and 
compliance with state and federal waste regulations. 
Based on this information, MPC may conduct vetting 
activities including background checks, legal reviews, 
CHWMEG®1 reviews and site audits. Facilities that are 
approved and that we actively utilize are re-vetted on a 
recurrent basis.
1  A nonprofit organization that conducts comprehensive, independent HES&S reviews of 
commercial vendor sites/facilities that treat, store, dispose of, recycle or transport waste. 
Waste Reuse and Recycling
We actively search for ways to reuse materials and 
discover new approaches to recapture waste as a 
resource to manufacture new materials. 
CEMENT KILN DISPOSAL
Over the last decade, nearly 110,000 tonnes of waste 
from our refineries became an alternative fuel source for 
the cement industry, which avoids over 264,000 tonnes 
of CO2e emissions when compared to coal use for 
cement manufacturing operations. 
SPENT CAUSTIC REUSE
In 2022, over 21,000 tonnes of spent caustic from our 
refineries was reused by the paper goods industry, 
reducing the need for newly manufactured chemical 
inputs, and the associated emissions, to the paper 
manufacturing process.
SPENT CATAL YST REUSE AND RECYCLING
Catalysts are an important part of fuels manufacturing, 
facilitating a variety of critical chemical processes. We 
aim to recycle all spent catalyst discarded from MPC 
refining hydroprocessing units. If we cannot reuse 
catalyst within our operations, it is sent to a third party 
for use by others in the oil and gas industry. When reuse 
is not possible, spent catalyst is delivered to a business 
partner that extracts the vanadium, molybdenum and 
other valuable metals to produce ferrovanadium and 
metal alloys, which are then used in steel production.
16,000+ TONNES
or nearly all spent catalyst from MPC refining 
hydroprocessing units were reused or reclaimed in 2022:
 ɦ 600 tonnes reused by MPC refineries
 ɦ 2,200 tonnes reused by others in the oil and  
gas industry
 ɦ 13,300 tonnes delivered to recyclers 
for metal reclamation
Tier 3 and 4 DEIs (count)
85
55
50
52
2019
2020
2021
2022
39% 
reduction
Pictured below: MPC and International Bird Rescue employees 
release a white pelican at the Martinez Renewable Fuels facility. 
   To learn more about our partnership with the International Bird Rescue, 
please visit our website. 
11

Biodiversity
We use proactive measures designed to 
protect plant and animal species in areas 
where we operate and preserve natural 
habitat. 
Our OEMS provides the procedural framework to account for 
the potential effects of our activities on ecosystems and prepare 
necessary mitigation procedures.
Commitment to Biodiversity
Our formal Commitment to Biodiversity outlines our approach 
and practices. Adopted across MPC and MPLX, it emphasizes 
that we seek first to avoid, then minimize or offset, impacts to 
biodiversity. We are mindful that operating within communities 
is a privilege, and we collaborate with local stakeholders and 
applicable state and federal regulatory agencies, including 
but not limited to the U.S. EPA, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 
(USFWS), U.S. Bureau of Land Management and U.S. Army Corps 
of Engineers.
Our policies and practices for siting, constructing, operating, 
maintaining and decommissioning assets are designed to 
protect the environmental quality of the habitats in and around 
our operations. These policies and practices are aligned with 
the International Finance Corporation’s Performance Standards 
on Environmental and Social Sustainability.1
Throughout the asset life cycle, we seek first to avoid 
ecologically sensitive areas. When land disturbance is 
unavoidable, we use a variety of recognized best management 
practices and techniques to mitigate our impacts during the 
asset’s life cycle. In situations where complete restoration 
presents challenges, we offset impacts to sensitive areas 
in several ways, including purchasing mitigation credits 
through approved mitigation banking sources or using 
other mechanisms to provide ongoing protection to similar 
ecologically sensitive properties. 
1  International Finance Corporation’s Performance Standards on Environmental and Social Sustainability include: Performance Standard 1 − Assessment and Management of Environmental and 
Social Risks and Impacts; Performance Standard 3 − Resource Efficiency and Pollution Prevention; Performance Standard 4 − Community Health, Safety, and Security and Performance; Standard 6 − 
Biodiversity Conservation and Sustainable Management of Living Natural Resources.
Protecting Endangered Species
DAKOTA SKIPPER BUTTERFL Y
In 2022, while expanding an existing gathering pipeline system 
in North Dakota, we engaged a local expert biologist to assess 
known critical habitat and additional potential habitat of the 
Dakota skipper, a threatened species of butterﬂy. As a result 
of pre-construction engagement and recommendations, we 
rerouted the proposed pipe expansions to avoid this high-quality 
habitat.
INDIANA BAT AND NORTHERN LONG-EARED BAT 
Given the proximity of our Midwest assets to critical Indiana and 
northern long-eared bat habitat, we work proactively with the 
USFWS during the entire life cycle of assets located in this area. 
Maintenance at these locations is intentionally scheduled during 
the colder months to avoid disrupting the bats’ typical breeding, 
or roosting, season, and we engage with USFWS prior to any 
vegetation disturbance or maintenance activity. 
Protecting Against Invasive Species
NON-NATIVE INVASIVE SPECIES
For over 20 years, our Robinson, Illinois, refinery has partnered 
with Washington Park to achieve Wildlife Habitat Council 
certification of a site located within the park. At the beginning of 
the partnership, invasive species were abundant throughout the 
site. In 2018, a 10-year forest management plan was produced 
that includes invasive species management practices, such as 
planting native trees and shrubs. By encouraging the growth of 
native plants, non-native invasive species are naturally reduced, 
and fewer chemical and mechanical removal methods are 
necessary over time. Stations are set up throughout the site to 
capture photos that compare invasive species management 
year over year. At the site, refinery personnel host grade school 
students on a regular basis to discuss and teach about invasive 
species management practices.
SPOTTED LANTERNFL Y
All employees supporting MPLX Marine operations receive 
training on how to identify, capture, properly dispose of and 
report the spotted lanternﬂy. This insect is an invasive species 
recently introduced to the United States from Asia and 
prominently found in Pennsylvania. In 2022, training proved 
successful for an MPLX Marine crew in Pennsylvania conducting 
a barge inspection. The crew captured, properly disposed 
of, and reported approximately 50 spotted lanternﬂies to the 
Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture. 
We mitigate biodiversity 
impacts throughout the pipeline 
life cycle by:
 ɦ Incorporating species preservation into operational 
approaches, including voluntarily adopting both 
temporary and permanent changes to prioritize 
endangered species and their critical habitats.
 ɦ Developing our construction schedules to avoid 
disrupting species migration, spawning, nesting and 
other activities.
 ɦ Being mindful of pesticide and herbicide types, volumes 
and timing of use to reduce impacts to compatible 
vegetation that supports pollinators and wildlife.
 ɦ Implementing conservation mowing on select pipeline 
rights of way to avoid disrupting population dynamics 
such as breeding, feeding and reproductive behaviors.
 ɦ Restoring all disturbed areas to pre-construction 
conditions by seeding/hydroseeding with native seed 
mixes.
 ɦ Adhering to weed management plans to keep previously 
disturbed areas free of invasive and non-native weeds.
 ɦ Conducting post-construction surveys and research to 
verify sensitive areas have been appropriately restored.
 ɦ Monitoring wetland and waterway crossing sites on 
pipeline rights of way to confirm they are fully restored 
and functioning.
 ɦ Training affected employees and contractors about 
biodiversity and maintaining assets in sensitive areas.
 ɦ Using signage to indicate sensitive areas.
Protecting Biodiversity throughout the Asset Life Cycle
At each stage of the asset life cycle we: 
   Identify and engage impacted stakeholders to solicit 
feedback, which becomes part of our decision-making 
process. 
  
   Conduct environmental impact assessments as 
appropriate, including field studies, to evaluate impact to 
natural resources and land use. 
   Determine mitigation and enhancement initiatives within 
the project by working with stakeholders, local biologists 
and other environmental specialists. 
 
   Implement biodiversity management and mitigation 
plans and assess potential outcomes to drive toward 
achievement of the intended objectives.
The Wildlife Habitat Council (WHC) is the 
only voluntary sustainability standard 
designed for broad-based biodiversity.
16
CERTIFIED HABITATS BY 
MPC AND MPLX
ACRES OF WHC-
CERTIFIED HABITAT 
LAND OWNED AND 
MAINTAINED
800+
across
12

Sustainable Landscapes
Marathon Pipe Line LLC (MPL), a wholly owned subsidiary 
of MPLX, is working toward its target to apply sustainable 
landscapes to approximately 10,000 acres (50%) of compatible 
rights of way by the end of 2025. To achieve this goal, MPL is 
harnessing the power of nature-based solutions — Integrated 
Vegetation Management (IVM)1 and Integrated Habitat 
Management (IHM)2 plans — through stakeholder partnerships 
and technology. Together, these practices help MPL to operate 
its pipelines safely while enhancing habitat for pollinators and 
wildlife, reducing impact to operations and promoting long-term 
environmental health.
 2025 Goal   Progress
Biodiversity
(acres)
Apply sustainable  
landscapes to
~10,000 
acres 
(~50%) of compatible  
MPL rights of way by  
the end of 2025
1,035 acres
1    Integrated Vegetation Management (IVM): A ﬂexible, adaptive process of managing plant communities using a variety of methods to strategically promote and protect compatible 
vegetation while aligning with the intended purpose of the land. 
2  Integrated Habitat Management (IHM): A process that adheres to IVM principles with the added intention to improve habitat by promoting biodiversity, connecting wildlife corridors to 
address habitat fragmentation, and providing habitat for migratory insects, birds and various wildlife species.
Tangible Pathway to Sustainable 
Landscapes through IVM and IHM 
Stakeholder Partnerships 
To help achieve our target, MPL established 
partnerships with The Ohio State University School 
of Environment and Natural Resources (SENR) and 
Pheasants Forever and Quail Forever Inc. Ohio State’s 
SENR is conducting research on MPL’s pipeline 
rights of way with a focus on ecology, soil carbon 
and landowner relations, while Pheasants Forever is 
supporting site evaluations, plan development and 
execution, and monitoring outcomes. 
Recently these two organizations, along with MPL, 
delivered a vegetation field assessment workshop to 
SENR students. The half-day, hands-on experience 
covered topics such as vegetation that could 
exist on pipeline rights of way, processes and 
timelines to convert existing vegetation, and long-
term management strategies. Students performed 
vegetation assessments using MPL’s rapid assessment 
tool, created in conjunction with Pheasants Forever 
and Quail Forever Inc.
Evaluating existing 
vegetation and 
setting site-
specific goals 
Landowners and 
other stakeholders 
are engaged in the 
evaluation process 
to set goals specific 
to location, land 
use, habitats, 
species and other 
criteria.
Developing 
implementation plans 
Plans consider 
site-specific goals 
to promote native 
species, increase 
pollinator plants, 
increase carbon 
sequestration, 
promote water 
quality and soil 
stabilization, and 
connect fragmented 
habitats. Plans 
prioritize pollinator 
and grassland 
habitats that provide 
critical habitats 
for threatened 
and endangered 
species. 
Executing the plan 
Plans are executed in 
conjunction with contractors 
and partners and 
documented using robust 
mapping technology to 
track progress and achieve 
desired outcomes.
Monitoring the plan  
Plans are monitored 
to confirm execution 
is achieving planned 
objectives. 
Evaluating success  
Our partners 
evaluate success 
by verifying all 
criteria have been 
met within our 
executed plan.
1
2
3
5
Applying sustainable landscapes to pipeline rights 
of way is a multiyear, multistep cycle — as depicted 
in the graphic below. 
4
600+ 
vegetation assessments 
completed by MPL in 2022
13

Spill Prevention
Pipeline Integrity Management 
Our extensive Integrity Management Program seeks to identify 
integrity threats to pipeline systems. We place additional emphasis 
where a spill from a pipeline could affect a densely populated 
area, drinking water, ecologically sensitive areas or a commercially 
navigable waterway. Our annual risk modeling systematically identifies 
potential hazards to each pipeline and assesses their relative 
significance, from which we develop mitigation measures. These risks 
may include third-party damage, corrosion, cracks, dents, operator 
error, manufacturing defects, equipment failure, geohazards or 
weather events. 
DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION 
Inspection and quality control procedures are used to safely build 
and operate our pipeline assets. Our pipeline construction process 
involves a series of rigorously controlled steps, including but not 
limited to route and material selection, welding, testing and site 
restoration.
PREVENTIVE MAINTENANCE 
We complete periodic inspection, 
testing and preventive 
maintenance on our pipelines 
and associated equipment 
to confirm they are of sound 
integrity and are functioning 
properly. When necessary, we 
make repairs and implement 
additional risk mitigation to 
maintain safe operations. 
CORROSION CONTROL 
Coating is applied to the outer surface of our pipelines, and we 
install cathodic protection systems along our pipeline routes to help 
prevent external corrosion. Full cathodic protection inspections are 
conducted annually to verify that our systems are functioning properly. 
Maintenance tools, along with anti-corrosive chemical injections, help 
to protect our pipelines against internal corrosion.
INSPECTIONS1 
We use multiple inspection methods to assess the integrity and 
safety of our pipelines, including but not limited to in-line, above-
ground and waterway crossing inspections. 
 ɦ In-line inspection tools travel through pipelines, scanning 
and measuring a pipe’s walls for signs of dents, corrosion or 
cracking. 
  Conducted at least once every five years for liquid 
pipelines, and at least once every seven years for gas 
transmission pipelines. 
 ɦ Above-ground inspections involve visually inspecting 
pipeline routes with air and/or ground patrols to detect land 
disturbances and pipeline spills. 
  Conducted at least once every three weeks for liquid 
pipelines, and at least once each calendar year for gas 
transmission pipelines. 
 ɦ Waterway crossing inspections use high-resolution sonar 
equipment to inspect underwater pipelines to determine 
whether erosion and water channel changes may impact the 
pipe. 
  Conducted at least once every five years for both liquid 
and gas transmission pipelines.
$10 million+ 
invested to add permanent means of launching and 
receiving in-line inspection tools on pipelines in 2022
GEOHAZARD MANAGEMENT 
Our robust geohazard management program is used to monitor, 
assess, inspect and remediate potential hazards associated with 
earth movement from both landslides and subsidence in unstable 
terrain and varied geological conditions. In 2022, we enhanced 
this program by updating training on geohazard risks and 
mitigation techniques for a wider employee base and conducting 
biannual patrols of select pipeline rights of way. Additionally, 
applying sustainable landscapes to pipeline rights of way has 
contributed the added benefits of reducing soil erosion and 
increasing subsurface stability.
PIPELINE SAFETY ENGAGEMENT 
We educate landowners, first responders and community 
partners located near our pipelines about safe digging practices 
and emergency response.  
MONITORING AND DETECTION 
Our highly trained personnel monitor pipeline pressure, ﬂow and 
volume 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Sensors and meters 
on our pipelines detect drops in pressure or changes in ﬂow rate 
and alert personnel.  
Integrating  
New Technologies 
By evolving our spill prevention and preparedness 
strategies, we are better equipped to rigorously 
assess the integrity of our assets, prevent incidents 
and address releases if they occur. Across MPLX, we 
continue to make investments to enhance our robust 
pipeline in-line inspection and assessment technology 
programs. We have implemented a combination of 
state-of-the-art pipeline inspection and advanced 
analysis technologies to guard the safety of the public 
and environment.
 ɦ Launched new patrols on select pipeline rights 
of way using airplanes equipped with specialized 
sensors that detect ground elevations, land slips, 
hydrocarbon spills and other threats to the pipeline.
 ɦ Deployed operational cameras equipped with 
artificial intelligence technology at 32 remote 
pipeline facilities. These cameras quickly identify 
potential crude or highly volatile liquid (HVL) spills 
and notify our personnel.
Zero is always our goal. 
Our commitment to safely and responsibly operating our assets is critical to our business and to protecting our stakeholders and the 
environment. We support this commitment through operational practices and technology focused on a goal of zero spills.
1  MPC and MPLX conform to inspection frequency requirements contained in 49 CFR 195 and 
192. Listed inspection frequencies apply to regulated pipelines only. 
Marine Integrity  
Management Program 
Marine environments present a unique set of 
challenges that require a specialized approach to spill 
prevention.
INSPECTIONS
 ɦ Deck areas of vessels and barges are inspected 
daily.
 ɦ The contents of every spill kit are inspected every 
six months to verify they are intact and ready to 
use.
SPECIAL MARINE MEASURES
 ɦ All of our barges used for river transport of raw 
materials and refined products are double-hulled. 
All new vessels entering or operating in U.S. waters 
are also double-hulled, and existing vessels are 
either double-hulled or appropriately retrofitted.
 ɦ Most of our barges are equipped with pressure 
relief systems designed to prevent a catastrophic 
failure if a barge has become over-pressurized.
 ɦ Approximately 99% of our barges are equipped 
with special drip pan containments that exceed 
regulatory requirements for barges. Drip pan 
containments capture spills before they enter rivers 
and other bodies of water.
TRAINING
 ɦ We require our trainees to assist on 10 loads and 
10 discharges before conducting barge transfers 
unassisted as a credentialed mariner, well 
exceeding regulatory requirements.
$145 
million+ 
invested in pipeline 
preventive maintenance 
in 2022
14

Emergency Preparedness
Robust preparedness is essential to ensuring we can respond 
effectively should an emergency event occur. Consistently 
investing in our response capabilities equips us to mitigate and 
manage impacts to people and the environment in the event of 
an incident. 
Each of our operating locations have emergency response 
teams assigned and site-specific emergency preparedness and 
response plans tailored to the risks they may encounter. These 
plans are subject to regular drills to test proper execution in 
preparation for an actual incident.
Several agencies review and approve our plans, including the 
U.S. EPA, the U.S. Coast Guard, the Pipeline and Hazardous 
Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) and various state 
agencies.
MPC’s Emergency Preparedness Group (EPG) oversees our 
response program, which includes companywide guidelines and 
procedures on how to prepare for and respond to emergencies. 
The group’s focus is to continuously strengthen our capability 
to respond rapidly and appropriately to an emergency incident 
anywhere we operate. The EPG staff coordinates with business 
components to share best practices and resources across the 
company.
For incidents that may require resources beyond those available 
at a local facility, the EPG maintains a Corporate Emergency 
Response Team (CERT). It is comprised of approximately 250 
employees with response expertise and training in the Incident 
Command System (ICS), a globally recognized organizational 
structure designed to integrate resources across multiple 
agencies and organizations, should an emergency event occur.
Tiered Response System:
Tier 1 Incidents are directed by a local response team 
Tier 2  Incidents are directed by a district/regional 
response team 
Tier 3  Incidents are larger in scope and complexity and 
directed by the CERT 
Simulated Response Exercise 
To maintain readiness, our CERT members and other 
emergency response personnel participate in various 
exercises and work alongside federal, state, local 
and tribal responders, such as the U.S. EPA, the U.S. 
Coast Guard, state environmental protection or wildlife 
agencies, tribal government representatives and local 
emergency responders, such as law enforcement 
and firefighters. MPC and MPLX maintain a simulated 
response program to test and continually improve our 
response capabilities: 
 ɦ Our exercises follow the guidelines of the federal 
government’s National Preparedness for Response 
Exercise Program (PREP), which meets the requirements 
of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and all federal, state and 
local requirements. 
 ɦ Exercises not only help prepare for emergency 
situations, but are also used to review, critique and 
improve our emergency response plans. 
 ɦ We take a collaborative approach to emergency 
preparedness. In addition to training our own 
employees and contractors, we engage 
federal, state, local and tribal 
agencies, local fire departments 
and other first responders, 
and community leaders 
who have an interest 
in the design and 
development of our 
plans and exercises.
Key Partnerships for Improved Response 
In 2022, we took emergency preparedness partnerships to the 
next level. Collaboration, safety and incident resolution continued 
to be the focus of our exercises, with added enhancements to 
key relationship components. 
An exercise at our Mandan refinery in North Dakota overseen by 
the U.S. EPA included participation from 14 federal, state and local 
agencies, BNSF Railway and strong representation from local 
tribes, including members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and 
the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) Nation. In this exercise, 
we demonstrated the strength of our response to regulators and 
commitment to transparency and collaboration with tribal and 
neighboring communities. 
In the Pacific Northwest, a relationship built during an MPC spill 
exercise resulted in the U.S. EPA calling on MPLX to request a 
spill response equipment trailer to assist a third party during an 
actual spill response. Leaders acted swiftly to ensure the trailer 
was prepped and available for use. 
In a similar fashion, our St. Paul Park, Minnesota, refinery Fire 
Department was called on to aid in a rescue mission when a 
boat capsized on the Mississippi River after encountering rough 
waters. The department’s resources and quick response helped 
save the individual from a potential catastrophe. 
CERT Resources and Support for Responding 
to and Managing Emergencies 
 ɦ Emergency Strike Team – A stand-alone response 
management team capable of supplementing, relieving or 
taking command of a major emergency. 
 ɦ Emergency Support Group – Provides key support functions, 
such as IT, communications and geographic information system 
mapping during an incident. 
 ɦ Crisis Management Team – A group of executive-level 
advisors prepared to respond to MPC’s and MPLX’s needs 
during significant incidents. 
 ɦ Business Recovery Team – Works to meet MPC's, MPLX's and 
customers’ needs during supply disruptions. 
 ɦ Threat Assessment Group – Tasked with determining the 
potential impact of a threat to MPC or MPLX, informing 
impacted stakeholders and recommending steps to protect 
people and assets. 
 ɦ International Team – Determines the potential impact, 
recommends response strategies and responds to incidents 
related to the shipment of products outside the United States.
Strong public-private partnerships are 
critical, especially when it comes to the 
safety and well-being of our people.
JOE KEGLEY 
Assistant Fire Chief, City of St. Paul Park, Minnesota 
15

2030 Goal     Progress
Freshwater Withdrawal 
Intensity
(megaliters/million boe input)
20% 
reduction of freshwater 
withdrawal intensity by 
2030 from 2016 levels
17%
Water
We actively monitor and manage water use 
throughout all operations, continually looking 
for ways to reduce our use of this shared 
resource and use it more efficiently. 
Water Use in Operations
Water is essential to our company processes. 
Depending on the location, we may source water 
from rivers, lakes, wells and municipal water plants 
and also purchase some recycled water for use in 
our operations. Most of our companywide water 
demand comes from refining operations. In contrast, 
MPLX gas processing plants are designed to use 
little or no water in their routine operations. Nearly 
all gas processing plants have air-cooling units that 
circulate hot product through air-cooled radiators, 
minimizing the need for water.
Refining (99% of companywide water demand)
 ɦ Add heat to refining process (as steam)
 ɦ Clean equipment during maintenance activities
 ɦ Control emissions 
 ɦ Generate hydrogen 
 ɦ Protect equipment from corrosion
 ɦ Purify products (as stripping steam)
 ɦ Remove heat from the process (as cooling water)
 ɦ Remove salts and impurities from crude oil
MPLX (1% of companywide water demand)
 ɦ Clean equipment during maintenance activities
 ɦ Create emulsions (asphalt blending)
 ɦ Install pipelines (horizontal drilling)
 ɦ Heat asphalt tanks (as steam)
 ɦ Remove impurities from natural gas
 ɦ Test pipeline and tank integrity  
(hydrostatic tests/testing)
Managing Wastewater
We operate 11 biological treatment plants and four primary 
treatment facilities across our refineries and renewable fuels 
facilities. Water not reused or consumed in refining activities is 
collected at these on-site facilities to be treated and recycled 
back into refining activities or treated and discharged, or 
sent to a publicly owned treatment works. Water is treated to 
meet or exceed required state permit or pretreatment permit 
limits. Our systems are set up for only fully treated water to be 
discharged to a surface body of water such as a lake, river or 
bay, so that the quality of these waters is maintained.
To further our commitment to water conservation, in 
2020 we set a companywide target to reduce freshwater 
withdrawal intensity 20% by 2030 from 2016 levels.
Freshwater Withdrawal Intensity 
(megaliters/million boe input)
 Actual     Goal Trajectory
70
75
80
85
90
95
2016 2018 2020 2022 2024 2026 2028 2030
20% 
reduction
16

Engagement with Water Supply 
Stakeholder Organizations
Engagement includes:
 ɦ Tracking and monitoring the local water supply 
 ɦ Planning for future changes in water availability and 
water pricing
 ɦ Participating through membership, committee 
involvement and board leadership 
Supported Organizations:
 ɦ American Petroleum Institute’s Clean Water Issues 
Group
 ɦ Brazos River Authority (Texas)
 ɦ California Council for Environmental and Economic 
Balance 
 ɦ Far West Texas Water Planning Group
 ɦ Gulf Coast Water Authority (T exas)
 ɦ New Mexico Produced Water Resource Consortium
 ɦ Utah Petroleum Association Water Work Group
 ɦ West Basin Water Association (California) 
Water FrameworkLocal Water Conservations
Water Limits
Actual water usage and 
discharges are tracked 
against known limits.
Value Chain and  
Community 
Engagement 
Mutually beneficial 
opportunities are 
sought to reduce 
water demands and 
costs and reliance on 
single-water sources.
Impacts 
Water-related 
business and 
compliance issues 
are tracked, 
investigated and 
mitigated.
Opportunities
Opportunities are 
identified and applied 
to meet water targets 
and goals and improve 
performance relative to 
benchmarking.
Accounting 
Water monitoring 
programs integrate 
contractual water volume 
and cost. 
Risks
Water-related risks  
are identified and 
assessed based on 
impact to the company 
and community.Targets and Goals
Water targets and goals 
are set.
Monitoring and  
Performance
Water withdrawals are 
measured to benchmark 
water demands 
and understand 
consumption. 
Commitment and 
Engagement
Expectations of 
water targets and 
goals are clearly 
communicated, and 
resources for successful 
implementation are 
assigned.
7
2
3
4
5
6
8
9
1
Water availability is a concern throughout much of the world, 
including parts of the U.S. Currently, two of MPC’s operating 
refineries — El Paso, Texas, and Los Angeles, California — 
and one MPC renewable fuels facility — Martinez, California 
— are located in water-stressed regions as defined by the 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and World Resources Institute 
assessment tools. To help conserve water in these regions and 
across all MPC refineries, our refining teams use aspects of a 
nine-element guidance framework designed to assess water use, 
understand and mitigate water risks, and identify opportunities 
to reduce water use. Every refinery has designated engineers 
who serve as water coordinators, have established baselines 
for assessing water use, and maintain robust transparency on 
how water is used through standardized water monitoring and 
reporting.
79% of fresh water withdrawn from nonwater-stressed areas1
1 World Resources Institute Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas
17

Marathon Pipe Line LLC saved 4.5 
million gallons of fresh water by 
replacing hydrostatic tests on pipelines 
with the use of highly sophisticated in-line 
inspection tools. 
500 million+
GALLONS OF FRESH WATER SAVED
Companywide Criteria Pollutant Emissions 
(thousand tonnes)
Reducing Gas Flaring 
Our refineries implement ﬂare reduction programs that help 
minimize ﬂaring while recovering gases and enabling efficient 
combustion. In addition, ﬂare gas recovery systems return gas to 
the refining process instead of ﬂaring, reducing criteria pollutant 
and GHG emissions.
Minimizing Fugitive Emissions
Across MPC refining and MPLX operations, acoustic imaging 
cameras, also known as FLUKE® Imagers, are used to quickly 
and accurately locate air, gas and vacuum leaks in compressed 
air systems and confirm that leak repairs are effective. These 
devices use highly sensitive microphones to detect sounds 
characteristic of leaks, even in already noisy environments. 
Community Air Monitoring 
Near real-time, public-facing air monitoring systems are installed 
at our Detroit, Michigan, and Los Angeles, California, refineries 
and Martinez, California, renewable fuels facility.
COMMUNITY AIR MONITORING SYSTEMS:
 ɦ Accessible by the public on dedicated websites
 ɦ Provide easy-to-read, color-coded classifications of overall 
air quality, emission levels, wind direction, wind speed and 
temperature
 ɦ Allow community members to opt into an alert system that can 
notify them when air quality reaches a certain level
The Road to Reducing  
NOx Emissions
Since 2017, the Los Angeles, California, refinery has 
significantly reduced its NOx emissions through optimization 
of operations and other measures. In 2019, a team at the 
refinery began an initiative to reduce additional nitrogen 
oxide (NOx) emissions by 2026. This initiative will replace 
and modernize key utility systems at the refinery, including 
electrifying select steam turbines, installing an electrical 
intertie between the refinery’s Carson and Wilmington 
operations and replacing steam production equipment.
These improvements aim to:
 ɦ Reduce NOx emissions by 20%, resulting in a total 
reduction of ~49% from 2017 levels
 ɦ Lower GHG emissions
 ɦ Improve energy efficiency
 ɦ Reduce water usage by 375 million gallons per year
Water Conservation Results
Gathering and Processing reused 
and recycled 2.5 million gallons of 
fresh water in the New Mexico Permian 
region by borrowing and returning 
uncontaminated hydrostatic test water 
from a local water depot.
Terminals saved 17 million gallons of 
fresh water by replacing hydrostatic tests 
on storage tanks with the use of phased-
array ultrasonic testing, X-ray inspections, 
magnetic particle examination and 
volumetric weld testing. 
   ANACORTES, CATLETTSBURG, GARYVILLE 
AND ROBINSON REFINERIES   
Optimized inﬂuent treatment, filter backwash 
cycles and reduced cation and anion regeneration 
cycles
   DETROIT AND GALVESTON BAY REFINERIES  
Reduced reverse osmosis reject water and 
stripped sour water
   CATLETTSBURG, DETROIT AND GARYVILLE 
REFINERIES  
Improved cooling tower cycles on evaporative 
cooling towers
   DETROIT REFINERY  
Treated and recycled final effluent water
   CANTON, EL PASO, GARYVILLE, LOS ANGELES 
AND ROBINSON REFINERIES  
Optimized steam use and increased condensate 
recovery
   DETROIT, GARYVILLE, LOS ANGELES AND 
ROBINSON REFINERIES  
Reduced wash-water demand
2022 Refining Projects to 
Reduce Freshwater Withdrawal 
Air Quality and Emissions
We are committed to continuously improving our facilities’ 
programs and strategies that improve air quality. Our 
comprehensive approach focuses on reducing gas ﬂaring 
and minimizing fugitive emissions. Through open and ongoing 
dialogue with stakeholders, we discuss a wide range of topics 
that are important to them, including air quality. 
Over the last two decades, we have achieved a 55% reduction 
in criteria pollutant emissions even as the footprint of our 
refining and natural gas assets expanded.
0 20 40 60 80 100
2002
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
 Total SOx emissions   Total NOx emissions   Total CO emissions
 Total VOC emissions   Total PM10 emissions
95
54
50
44
44
43
55% 
reduction
Through a variety of innovations, we have reduced our 
freshwater withdrawal intensity by 17% since 2016, which equates 
to over 3.5 billion gallons of fresh water saved per year. In 2022, 
we continued our refinerywide Focus on Water program to 
further assess water use, understand and mitigate water risks 
and identify opportunities to reduce water use. As a result, 
MPC refineries saved over 500 million gallons of fresh water in 
2022. Across the company, we continued to further align water 
management practices to make significant progress toward our 
2030 target.
2022 MPLX WATER SAVINGS THROUGH OPTIMIZATION 
Hydrostatic tests are used throughout our operations to test 
storage tank and pipeline integrity. Though effective at identifying 
defects, these tests require high volumes of water. We have 
had success reusing fresh water after completed hydrostatic 
tests, and we are avoiding water use by leveraging alternative 
technologies and processes in place of hydrostatic tests.
18

Investing in the energy evolution  
to lower carbon intensity and 
capture value
Innovate for  
the Future
20 Renewables and Emerging Technologies
19

At MPC and MPLX, we strive to be market leaders in the production and delivery of 
renewable fuels, seek ways to expand the use of renewable energy in our operations 
and deploy emerging technologies that reduce environmental impact while enhancing 
business performance. We have a long history of innovation and utilization of new 
technologies and apply that momentum going forward as we continue to allocate 
significant growth capital to low carbon projects, particularly around increasing our 
production of renewable fuels and natural gas.
MPC has a robust renewable fuels 
portfolio that delivered approximately 
2.4 billion gallons of renewable fuels 
in 2022, making us one of the largest 
marketers of renewable fuels in the U.S. 
One of our goals is to continually lower 
the carbon intensity of the products we 
offer to our customers, and this volume 
of renewable fuel avoided nearly 10 
million tonnes of CO2 transportation 
emissions last year.
Renewables and Emerging T echnologies
MARTINEZ RENEWABLE FUELS 
(NESTE JOINT VENTURE)
Renewable diesel, naphtha, and propane
~730 million gallons/year expected capacity
2.4 
billion 
gallons of renewable fuels 
delivered in 2022
Renewable Fuels Portfolio
2006 2020 2021 2022 2023
We have a long history of producing and 
blending ethanol into motor gasoline. 
Our joint venture with The Andersons 
produced over 460 million gallons 
of ethanol in 2022, and, in total, we 
blended approximately 2 billion gallons 
into the gasoline we sold to consumers.
We are making significant capital 
investments that support a lower-
carbon future. In 2020, we completed 
the conversion of our Dickinson, North 
Dakota, refinery, producing nearly 170 
million gallons of renewable fuels in 2022. 
Our Martinez Renewable Fuels Facility – 
owned through our 50/50 joint venture 
with Neste – began producing renewable 
diesel in the first quarter of 2023 and 
work continues to complete the remaining 
phases of the project. 
VIRENT BIOFORMING® 
TECHNOLOGY
Renewable gasoline, SAF, BioPX®
~10,000 gallons/year capacity
DICKINSON  
RENEWABLE DIESEL
Renewable diesel and naphtha
~184 million gallons/year capacity
BEATRICE PRETREATMENT
Renewable feedstocks
~58 million gallons/year capacity
FULCRUM BIOCRUDE PROCESSING
Synthetic crude oil
~11 million gallons/year (MPC offtake only)
CINCINNATI PRETREATMENT
Renewable feedstocks
~153 million gallons/year capacity
GREEN BISON SOY PROCESSING  
(ADM JOINT VENTURE)
Soybean oil and meal
~75 million gallons/year capacity
LF BIOENERGY
Renewable natural gas
~390 million British thermal units/day capacity
ANDERSONS/MPC JOINT 
VENTURE 
Ethanol biofuel  
~475 million gallons/year capacity
2018
20

Expanding our Portfolio with Renewable 
Natural Gas
We recently expanded our renewable fuels portfolio, investing in 
LF Bioenergy to produce renewable natural gas (RNG) from dairy 
operations. LF Bioenergy is focused on developing and growing 
a portfolio of dairy-based, low carbon-intensity RNG projects. The 
first plant, located in upstate New Y ork, started operating in the 
first half of 2023, and we are expecting to expand the portfolio 
to produce over 6,500 million Btu per day of RNG by the end of 
2026. Dairy-based RNG has a negative carbon intensity because 
it captures methane that is currently entering the atmosphere 
to use as fuel. Dairy-based RNG has a carbon intensity typically 
in the -200 to -400 grams of CO2 per megajoule range, as 
compared to natural gas, which has a carbon intensity of 
approximately 80 grams of CO2 per megajoule.1
Feedstock Partnership
In June 2022, we broke ground on the Green Bison Soy 
Processing facility, a joint venture project with ADM, and the 
first facility of its kind in North Dakota. When complete, the 
approximately $350 million complex will feature state-of-the-art 
automation technology with an anticipated processing capacity of 
150,000 bushels of soybeans per day. 
By harvest 2023, the facility is expected to produce 
approximately 600 million pounds of refined vegetable oil 
annually, which will be supplied exclusively to MPC as a 
feedstock for renewable fuels.
1 California Air Resources Board, Current Fuel Pathways spreadsheet, available at https://ww2.arb.ca.gov/resources/documents/lcfs-pathway-certified-carbon-intensities
Martinez Renewable Fuels
Martinez Renewables, a joint venture with Neste, is 
operational, having reached full Phase 1 production capacity 
of 260 million gallons per year of renewable fuels. Phase 
2 construction activities are underway and on schedule for 
pretreatment capabilities to come online in the second half 
of 2023, which will enable the facility to ramp up to its full 
expected capacity of 730 million gallons per year with the 
completion of Phase 3. 
Reached Phase 1  
production capacity 
260 
million 
gallons per year
Project intended benefits:1 
   Reduce the facility’s stationary greenhouse gas 
emissions by approximately 60% 
  Lower total criteria air pollutants by 70% 
   Save 1 billion gallons of water 
per year
MPC will continue to manage project execution and 
operations of the facility once all phases of construction 
are complete. The joint venture is optimally positioned 
to strengthen both partners’ footprint in renewable fuels, 
while utilizing existing processing infrastructure and 
diverse inbound and outbound logistics.
Converting the Martinez facility from refining petroleum 
to manufacturing renewable fuels signals our strong 
commitment to producing a substantial level of lower 
carbon-intensity fuels in California.
  For more information on our transition from a refinery to renewable 
fuels facility, please see the Working Toward a Just and 
Responsible Transition section of this report.
1  Projected savings compared to Martinez 
previous operations as petroleum refinery
21

Virent
At its demonstration plant in Madison, Wisconsin, Virent, a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, has produced tens of thousands of gallons 
of BioForm® fuels and chemicals that have been used in successful applications. Virent’s BioForming® S2A technology converts widely 
available, plant-based sugars into low-carbon renewable fuels and chemicals that are almost identical to those derived from petroleum. 
That makes them “drop-in” replacements for their petroleum-based counterparts. In other words, Virent’s bio-based fuels can be used 
without requiring any modifications to today’s engines or infrastructure and its chemicals can be direct replacements for the same 
compounds derived from petroleum. The company is also working with Johnson Matthey, a multinational chemicals and sustainable 
technologies company, to license the BioForming® S2A technology.
CO2 Captured For Use in Industrial Applications  
and Food and Beverage Industry (tonnes CO2)
Los Angeles, California, refinery ~153,000
Catcher Ranch, Oklahoma, gas plant ~43,000
Albion, Michigan, ethanol plant ~103,000
Greenville, Ohio, ethanol plant ~98,000
Denison, Iowa, ethanol plant ~84,000
Total CO2 captured ~481,000
SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUELS
Virent’s BioForming® S2A technology 
creates synthesized aromatic 
kerosene (SAK), a critical component 
that enables 100% drop-in sustainable 
aviation fuel (SAF) and results 
in a greater than 50% reduction 
in particulate matter emissions 
compared to conventional jet fuel. 
BioForm® SAK can be used both 
as an SAF blending component in 
conventional jet fuel or combined with 
other SAF to provide a 100% drop-in 
SAF alternative.
RENEWABLE CHEMICALS
Virent’s BioForming® S2A 
technology produces bio-
paraxylene (BioForm PX®), a 
key raw material for renewable 
polyester fibers and packaging. 
Production of this 100% bio-based 
chemical has a much lower carbon 
intensity compared to petroleum-
based chemicals and is compatible 
with existing supply chains and 
recycling infrastructure.
RENEWABLE GASOLINE
Virent’s BioForming® S2A 
technology makes a drop-
in renewable gasoline blend 
component that has the potential 
to achieve an overall lower carbon 
footprint for the gasoline market. 
Life cycle analysis studies indicate 
a greater than 50% carbon intensity 
reduction, with options to achieve 
net-zero or better. When used in a 
hybrid vehicle, BioForm® gasoline 
can provide a carbon intensity 
comparable to electric vehicles. 
Virent’s BioForm® SAK made aviation 
history when it was used in several 
first-ever flights to fly on 100% drop-in 
SAF including: 
  Bell Helicopter single-engine 
aircraft
   Rolls Royce and Gulfstream  
ultralong-range business jet 
   Emirates' commercial jet in the 
Middle East and North Africa 
  United Airlines' commercial 
passenger jet 
Virent’s BioForm PX® paraxylene 
has successfully been used by:
  Toray Industries, Inc. to 
demonstrate the manufacturing 
of 100% bio-based textiles
  Coca-Cola to produce a 100% 
plant-based bottle prototype 
with the potential to contribute 
to the industry’s goal of 
achieving 100% plant-based 
content
Virent’s BioForm® gasoline has 
successfully been: 
  Used by Formula 1® drivers to 
power F1 cars 
  Registered for use up to a 45% 
blend in everyday vehicles 
under EPA Part 79
  Successfully tested in a 
10-vehicle no-harms trial
Carbon Capture and Sequestration and Clean Hydrogen Hubs 
Carbon Capture and Sequestration
Carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) is a proven technology 
used in many applications, including in the production of 
clean hydrogen. The CO2 generated in an industrial process is 
captured, compressed and transported to permanent storage 
deep underground. CCS can be used to decarbonize “hard-to-
abate” sectors such as petroleum refining and the manufacture 
of chemicals, steel, and cement. In April 2022, the United Nations 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reaffirmed 
the vital role CCS has in achieving global climate goals and 
encouraged governments to set clear CCS policies to advance 
its deployment.
MPC and MPLX support the continued development and use 
of CCS technology as a strategy to reduce emissions of CO2 
and reduce the carbon intensity of the critical products we 
supply.
MPC and MPLX work with industry coalitions, trade associations 
and other entities to promote policies and regulations that 
provide for broad CCS deployment. We are founding members 
of the Houston CCS Alliance, which is composed of industry 
leaders that work to advance CCS opportunities in Houston and 
throughout Texas. 
Clean Hydrogen Hubs
The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) launched an initiative to 
establish clean hydrogen hubs across the country to accelerate 
the deployment of hydrogen as a clean energy source and 
reduce CO2 emissions. A hydrogen hub is essentially a network 
of hydrogen producers, users and connective infrastructure. DOE 
is backing this hub effort with up to $7 billion in grants distributed 
across six to 10 hubs.
We are collaborating with other companies, national laboratories, 
academia and other stakeholders to develop three hubs — one 
each in Texas, the Upper Midwest and the Appalachian area. 
Based on preliminary plans submitted to the DOE, the agency 
encouraged all three hubs to submit full grant applications. 
Those applications have been submitted, and the DOE is to 
make its final decision in the fall of 2023. Since clean hydrogen 
production is an emerging technology, DOE funding will be 
essential to these hubs’ potential development. 
Sources of CO2 Capture Compression Transportation Storage
22

Embracing sustainability in decision-
making, in how we engage our 
people and in how we create value 
with stakeholders
Embed 
Sustainability
24 A Culture of Safety
25 Engaged and Energized Workforce
33 Engaging Our Stakeholders and Communities
39 Managing Supplier Risk
40 Accountable and Transparent Governance
23

10 contracted companies are VPP-certified 
at our sites, under MPC sponsorship
VPP STAR 
CERTIFICATIONS 
EARNED
45
MPC AND MPLX 
FACILITIES
35
covering
A Culture of Safety
Our number-one priority is safety — the safety 
of our employees, contractors, business 
partners, customers and communities. To 
continually reinforce a strong safety culture 
and performance, we use a combination 
of proven management systems, best 
practice-based operational standards, and 
documented work processes and programs.
Our Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS) 
is fundamental to managing risks and preventing incidents, 
illnesses and fatalities. It is aligned with RC14001®, including health 
and safety and the Plan-Do-Check-Act continual improvement 
cycle. 
   For more information on our OEMS, please see the OEMS section of this 
report.
Safety – A Shared Responsibility
Safety is a responsibility shared across the company by all 
employees and contractors. Everyone is empowered to create 
and maintain a safe and healthy workplace and is held to the 
same high standards and expectations. Our field leadership team 
members emphasize safety by personally conducting regular 
safety meetings with employees and contractors to promote two-
way communication and continuous learning.
STOP-WORK AUTHORITY
If any employee or contractor believes a task is being performed 
unsafely, they have the authority to stop the work in progress 
until the safety concern is addressed — no matter how big or 
small the job may be. 
INCIDENT REPORTING AND TRACKING
Employees and contractors have the responsibility to report 
an incident or injury, and we prohibit reprisal for reporting. 
A companywide software system is used to actively report, 
track and identify trends in incidents and injuries. The system, 
overseen by management, enables tracking and documentation 
of incident investigations and corrective actions, if needed, until 
an incident is closed. We also use this system to measure our 
operating discipline and management system performance 
through indicators such as management of change tasks, audits 
and recommendations.
STANDARDS AND COMPLIANCE
Our personal safety standards comply with, and in many cases, 
exceed local, state and federal regulations. Strict adherence 
to processes and procedures and comprehensive training 
programs are integral to our safety culture. We require both 
our employees and contractors to follow our safety standards, 
programs and policies. Internal and external subject matter 
experts conduct frequent audits and quality assurance visits to 
assess the effectiveness of our standards.
Process Safety Management
We aim to continually improve the safety of our operations by 
applying good practices in the design and implementation of 
equipment we use and by keeping safety risk mitigation at the 
forefront. Through our OEMS and adherence to Process Safety 
Management (PSM), we work to reduce the number and severity 
of process safety events.
Our PSM program provides a framework and systematic 
approach to identify and address environmental, health and 
safety risks. It is designed to prevent or mitigate an incident’s 
consequences and assure ongoing operations.
Local employees and internal subject matter experts conduct 
self-audits and collaborative audits at each PSM facility 
annually. Identified issues are documented in our audit and 
recommendation tracking tool, and the findings are tracked to 
closure. Third-party audits are conducted every three years to 
assess PSM facilities across all process safety elements.
Contractor Selection Process
Safety culture and performance is a priority of our 
comprehensive contractor evaluation and selection process. 
Prospective contractors’ health and safety programs and safety 
data, including total recordable incident rates and federal OSHA 
logs, must be vetted by an independent third party before we 
enter a contract together.
After a job is awarded, but before starting work at any of our 
facilities, all contractors and subcontractors preparing to perform 
“safety sensitive services” must meet a series of requirements. 
These requirements include reviewing our operating guidelines 
regarding contractor safety management, submitting a pre-job 
safety questionnaire and completing daily safe work permits with 
input from the contractor.
480,000+
hours of health and safety 
training for MPC employees 
in 2022
CONTRACTOR SELECTION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Prove an exemplary safety record
  Show a strong health and safety culture and concern 
for the community
  Practice sound environmental stewardship
  Meet all federal and state regulations
  Receive training for their specific roles
COLLABORATION WITH OSHA
Working closely with regulators, such as OSHA, can help us 
all to create a safer workplace. OSHA’s Voluntary Protection 
Program (VPP) is a cooperative program between regulators 
and industry that recognizes and helps drive exemplary safety 
performance at all levels of an organization. There are three 
levels of designation: Demonstration, Merit and Star, which is 
the highest level.
42% 
of PSM facilities were third-party audited in 2022, 
with the remaining facilities assessed through 
self- and collaborative audits  
14% improvement in companywide process 
safety events score since 2019
24

Engaged and Energized Workforce
Our competitive advantage is our people.  
We strive to create a safe work environment that fosters 
collaboration and embraces diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I). 
We value differences and encourage employees to bring their full 
and authentic selves to work. We demonstrate our commitment 
to attract, develop and retain talent in our organization in many 
ways — by empowering our people, prioritizing accountability, 
promoting a culture of safety, providing extensive professional 
development opportunities, recognizing and rewarding 
accomplishments, and offering benefits that support the well-
being of our employees and their families. 
Core Values
Our core values guide the way we treat each other 
and all our stakeholders. We believe what we do — 
and how we do it  — are equally important.
 ɦ Safety and Environmental Stewardship
 ɦ Integrity
 ɦ Respect
 ɦ Inclusion
 ɦ Collaboration
10 years —  
average tenure of  
MPC employees
 ɦ Context drives behaviors
 ɦ Learning and improving are vital
 ɦ How we respond matters
 ɦ Uncover the reasons 
for operational choices 
made
 ɦ Reinforce safe 
behaviors
 ɦ Start conversations that 
lead to safer decisions 
before injury can occur
 ɦ Identify safer ways to 
perform tasks
Enhanced Safety Programs
Serious Injury and Fatality (SIF) Program
We strive to prevent serious “life-altering” incidents before they 
occur by identifying leading indicators that reveal potential risks 
in our systems and work processes. We have and continue 
to implement tools, such as our Field Audit Scoring Tool, 
American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) Incident 
Classification Matrix and Serious Injury and Fatality (SIF) Task 
Force.
 ɦ Field Audit Scoring Tool – This web-based software allows for 
quicker safety trend analysis and more timely notifications to 
refinery personnel to help avoid potential safety issues. 
 ɦ AFPM Incident Classification Matrix – By applying the matrix 
companywide, data is collected and analyzed from high-
potential near-miss incidents to identify areas of improvement 
before a serious incident occurs. 
Our goal is an accident-free, incident-free workplace. We want 
everyone who comes to our sites to go home safely. To improve 
our safety performance, we continue to implement enhanced 
programs that focus on reducing safety risks through peer 
observations and feedback, identifying leading indicators of 
life-altering incidents and focusing on human and organizational 
performance foundational beliefs.
 ɦ SIF Task Force – A cross-functional forum for sharing incident 
details and lessons learned from high potential and serious 
incidents to prevent them from recurring.
Human and Organizational Performance 
In 2022, we continued our commitment to human and 
organizational performance (HOP) through comprehensive 
trainings and learning teams focused on the six HOP foundational 
beliefs. Adopting the HOP foundational beliefs ultimately 
improves safety by reducing the opportunity for human error 
to result in an incident and reducing the likelihood of serious 
incidents.
HOP FOUNDATIONAL BELIEFS: 
 ɦ Work is complex
 ɦ People make mistakes
 ɦ Blame wastes resources
2022 AFPM Safety Awards
ELITE GOLD AWARD – ANACORTES REFINERY
Awarded to facilities with safety performances in the top 
5% of industry.
ELITE SILVER AWARD – EL PASO REFINERY 
Awarded to facilities with safety performances in the top 
10% of industry.
SAFETY INNOVATION AWARD – GALVESTON BAY 
REFINERY
Awarded to sites with innovative practices that improve 
occupational or process safety performance. The refinery 
developed a computer-based screening tool to help 
decrease the number of Tier 3 process safety events and 
help prevent more severe events from occurring.
2022 ILTA Safety Awards
SAFETY EXCELLENCE AWARD – MPLX TERMINALS 
Awarded to companies achieving a total recordable 
incident rate of 0.75 or less. MPLX terminals achieved an 
incident rate of 0.55.
Behavior-Based Safety Programs
Behavior-based safety (BBS) programs are implemented 
across our operations, empowering employees and 
contractors to enhance safety practices in the workplace 
through peer observations. These programs manage 
employee exposure at the working interface: the point 
at which employee activities interact with workplace 
conditions and management systems. Safety excellence is 
directly related to our effectiveness at reducing identified 
hazards. With nearly 60,000 peer observations conducted 
in 2022, we have found that BBS programs drive a strong 
safety culture and performance, equipping us to:
25

1  External hires for the purpose of this goal exclude interns and conditional employees. 
Metrics are aspirational in nature and achieving them will at all times be consistent with our 
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Creating a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace increases 
the success of individuals, teams and the company. We strive 
to create a collaborative and supportive environment where 
all contributions are valued, and we build on each other’s 
strengths and talents. This enables us to unlock the full potential 
of our teams — embracing the power of our differences while 
demonstrating each day that we are better together. We aspire 
for each employee’s unique backgrounds and experiences to be 
recognized and their perspectives valued.
Our DE&I program is guided by a dedicated team of subject 
matter experts and supported by leadership companywide. Our 
program is based on our three-pillar DE&I strategy of building a 
diverse workforce, creating an inclusive culture and contributing 
to our thriving communities. 
Building a Diverse Workforce
We strive to have our workforce reﬂect the diversity in the 
communities in which we live and work and implemented a DE&I 
metric tied to compensation. Our goal for 2022 was for external 
hires to be comprised of at least 30% BIPOC and 26% women.1 
We exceeded the BIPOC goal with 32% result but fell short of our 
women goal with only 19% result. We continue to improve our 
existing programs and evaluate new programs that will aid in the 
retention and recruitment of diverse candidates such as:
 ɦ Attending national organization expos:
 — American Indian Science and Engineering Society (AISES)
 — Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE) 
 — Society of Women Engineers (SWE)
 ɦ Partnering with national organizations:
 — United Service Organizations (USO)
 — Women In Trucking Association
 — Women In Trucking Foundation
 Women Goal         BIPOC Goal 
 Women Result      BIPOC Result
2022 Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion Goal
2022 WORKFORCE METRICS
Senior Management | 168
WOMEN
24%
BIPOC
11%
AGE REPRESENTATION 
Baby Boomer (1946-1964) 14%
Generation X (1965-1980) 77%
Millennial (1981-1996) 9%
Generation Z (1997-2003) 0%
All Supervisors | 2,326 WOMEN
16%
BIPOC
17%
AGE REPRESENTATION 
Baby Boomer (1946-1964) 10%
Generation X (1965-1980) 55%
Millennial (1981-1996) 35%
Generation Z (1997-2003) 0%
Workforce | 17,887
WOMEN
18%
BIPOC 
24%
AGE REPRESENTATION 
Baby Boomer (1946-1964) 12%
Generation X (1965-1980) 42%
Millennial (1981-1996) 42%
Generation Z (1997-2003) 4%
DE&I Strategy
BUILDING A DIVERSE WORKFORCE 
   Streamlining our approach to managing diverse 
candidate slates
   Continue to diversify relationships with recruiting 
partners to expand our talent pipeline
CREATING A MORE INCLUSIVE CULTURE 
   Increase support to employee networks to 
capture new and emerging opportunities
   Enhance our leadership model with an emphasis 
on inclusive leadership
CONTRIBUTING TO OUR THRIVING 
COMMUNITIES 
   Continue to increase spending with diverse 
suppliers
   Continue to align our community investments and 
DE&I commitments
External hires  
are at least 
26% WOMEN 
and 
30% BIPOC
19%
32%
26

CAMPUS PARTNERSHIPS
University partnerships are a key component of MPC’s campus 
recruiting strategy, creating additional opportunities for the 
company to engage with premier talent and more effectively build 
our early career pipeline. 
As we work to attract and retain women and BIPOC candidates, 
we continue to seek new places to find diverse talent. We actively 
recruit at more than 45 universities and have been partnering 
with Hispanic-serving institutions, including Texas A&M University, 
and historically Black colleges and universities, including North 
Carolina A&T State University. We also partner with INROADS, 
an organization that creates pathways to careers for ethnically 
diverse high school and college students across the country. In 
2022, we participated in INROADS’ internship program and had 
students intern in various departments in our San Antonio, Texas, 
office. In 2023, we plan to have INROADS program interns located 
at our Findlay, Ohio, and San Antonio offices.
One of the ways MPC demonstrates its commitment to science, 
technology, engineering and mathematics education is through 
supporting Bridge Programs at partner universities including the 
University of Cincinnati, The Ohio State University and Michigan 
State University. These programs: 
 ɦ Prepare students from underrepresented groups to make a 
successful transition from high school to a university 
 ɦ Give students the opportunity to adjust to the academic, 
personal and social challenges they may encounter 
 ɦ Promote a structured environment conducive to building the 
fundamental skills to successfully complete a baccalaureate 
degree
One highlight from University of Cincinnati’s Bridge Program was 
when students gathered for a barge party event hosted by MPC 
to celebrate their completion of the program. During the event, 
students cruised down the Cincinnati, Ohio, riverfront while 
enjoying food, music and networking. MPC employees also gave 
students a tour of our barge and shared information about STEM 
career opportunities at MPC.  
2022 New Hires1 | 2,306
AGE REPRESENTATION 
Baby Boomer (1946-1964) 4%
Generation X (1965-1980) 20%
Millennial (1981-1996) 48%
Generation Z (1997-2003) 28%
2022 Intern and Co-op Hires | 366
AGE REPRESENTATION 
Baby Boomer (1946-1964) 0%
Generation X (1965-1980) 0%
Millennial (1981-1996) 7%
Generation Z (1997-2003) 93%
2022 Intern to Employee Conversions | 71
AGE REPRESENTATION 
Baby Boomer (1946-1964) 0%
Generation X (1965-1980) 0%
Millennial (1981-1996) 7%
Generation Z (1997-2003) 93%
WOMEN
22%
BIPOC
31%
WOMEN
36%
BIPOC
28%
WOMEN
39%
BIPOC
11%
TALENT ACQUISITION
At MPC, executing our strategic vision 
requires us to attract and retain the best 
talent by presenting new employees 
with the tools for success and providing 
opportunities for long-term engagement 
and career advancement. We strive to 
be known as an employer of choice. 
Our Talent Acquisition team consists of 
three segments: Executive Recruiting, 
Experienced Recruiting and Campus 
Recruiting. The specialization within each 
group allows us to address MPC’s broad 
range of current and future talent needs, 
as well as devote time and attention to 
candidates during the hiring process. 
We believe each diverse candidate brings 
a new perspective to our workforce, and 
we actively seek candidates with a variety 
of backgrounds and experience. One 
source for full-time, entry-level new hires 
is our intern and co-op program. Through 
this program, we offer college students 
who have completed their freshman 
year the opportunity to gain hands-on 
experience in the areas of engineering, 
IT, accounting, finance, marketing, supply 
chain and other relevant disciplines.
MPC scored a 100% on the 
Human Rights Campaigns' 
Corporate Equality Index for 
three consecutive years. This 
index evaluates corporate 
policies, practices and 
benefits pertinent to LGBTQ+ 
employees.
1 New Hire data includes intern, co-op and conditional employees.
27

Creating an Inclusive Culture
EMPLOYEE NETWORK GROUPS 
At MPC, we promote cultural inclusivity and respect among our 
employees. We recognize that when employees feel valued, it 
shows in their performance. Our goal is to continue to advance 
our culture to enable us to attract and retain a highly skilled 
and diverse employee base. Our employee networks are 
fundamental to achieving this goal.  
Our employee networks connect employees with others who 
have a shared identity and life experiences. These groups use a 
member and ally model to promote inclusion. Employees from all 
backgrounds are encouraged to join any network. 
ADAPT  
The Disability Employee Network (ADAPT) strives to inspire 
and connect MPC employees with disabilities along with 
family members or caregivers of people with disabilities.  
 ɦ Hosted employee presentation on Deaf culture and 
American Sign Language 
 ɦ Celebrated World Down Syndrome Day with a crazy sock 
contest 
Asian 
The Asian Employee Network (HOPE) promotes awareness, 
an environment that values diversity and an atmosphere of 
HOPE (harmony, opportunity, purpose and engagement). 
 ɦ Annual participation in Diwali, the Indian Festival of Light
 ɦ Meditation and mindfulness sessions for employees 
 ɦ Shared culinary traditions among employees 
Black
The Black Employee Network (PROMISE) works to create an 
environment where Black employees and people of color feel 
welcome, valued and equal. 
 ɦ Annual participation in one of the largest reported Martin 
Luther King Jr. march in the country 
 ɦ Martin Luther King, Jr. Commission Scholarship Fund 
contributor 
 ɦ Juneteenth ﬂag-raising ceremonies 
Hispanic 
The Hispanic Employee Network (FAMILIA) attempts to foster 
an inclusive workplace through engagement, awareness 
and advocacy and provide support for Hispanic employees 
throughout the company. 
 ɦ Hispanic Heritage Month celebrations including  
Día de Los Muertos (Day of the Dead) 
 ɦ Volunteer events at local food banks and community 
gardens 
 ɦ Hygiene supply drive benefiting homeless communities 
LGBTQ+
The LGBTQ+ Employee Network (PRIDE) works to promote 
and sustain an inclusive and respectful work environment 
and community in which lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender 
and queer (LGBTQ+) employees and community members 
can feel safe, be fully engaged and contribute their full 
potential.  
 ɦ Annual participation in PRIDE festivals across the country 
during PRIDE Month 
 ɦ LGBTQ+ career fair and ally training  
 ɦ PRIDE ﬂag-raising ceremonies 
Veterans 
Our Veterans Employee Network (HONOR) promotes 
inclusion to attract, engage and retain prospective veteran 
employees and consumers by developing a high-performing 
culture for employees through learning and development 
opportunities with partnership and engagement in the 
communities in which we do business. 
 ɦ Sponsored in the Spirit of Freedom 5K race benefiting K9s 
For Warriors 
 ɦ Veterans Day celebrations, including luncheons and 
recognition ceremonies 
 ɦ Care package building events benefiting deployed troops  
Women 
The Women’s Employee Network (ARISE) strives to attract, 
retain, inspire, support and empower women at MPC. 
 ɦ Networks across the company participated in service 
projects during the inaugural “A Day to ARISE” celebration 
 ɦ Hosted “Girls in STEM” day for high school students 
In 2022, we launched our newest employee network group, 
ADAPT — abled and disabled allies partnering together. This 
expands our outreach to seven populations — Asian, Black, 
Hispanic, LGBTQ+, Veterans, Women and People with Disabilities. 
Led by employees with involvement and support from executive 
sponsors, our networks connect colleagues from across the 
company and provide opportunities for development, networking 
and community involvement. 
Our senior executives recognize the strength of a diverse 
workplace, and many are engaged as employee network 
sponsors.
Our Employees ADAPT to New Opportunities 
The ADAPT employee network was created out of employee 
passion for supporting and engaging with peers who have 
disabilities, or are a caregiver, family member or friend to 
someone with a disability. This network provides a space for our 
employees to openly share successes and challenges and seek 
advice from other employees who share similar experiences. 
Members of ADAPT celebrated Disability Awareness Month in 
March. This year’s theme was Shift the Story, which highlighted 
the importance of why the conversation around disabilities 
needs to change. To start the conversation, ADAPT 
hosted a panel discussion recognizing the challenges 
and rewards of being a special needs parent and 
caregiver, while also functioning as a working parent. 
MPC employees from across the country tuned in 
to participate in this authentic discussion. 
The ADAPT network also established a 
partnership with the Northwest Ohio Special 
Olympics organization. As the presenting 
sponsor of the regional Winter Games, 
MPC employees showed their support 
by volunteering their time to help with 
events, cheer on athletes and continue to 
champion MPC’s core values of respect 
and inclusion. 
4,000+ 
employees belong 
to our 70 employee 
network chapters
28

INTERN AND CO-OP CONNECTIONS
To create supportive and inclusive experiences for interns and 
co-ops, MPC has created the Employee Network Group (ENG) 
Member Connection program. An ENG connection is a facilitated 
introduction between an ENG member and an intern or co-
op to promote ENG involvement, personal and professional 
development, career exploration, empowerment and a sense 
of community with diverse talent. While promoting ENG 
engagement opportunities, we are also creating supportive and 
inclusive experiences for interns and co-ops.
89% of participating interns and co-ops 
indicated that ENG Connections helped them 
feel connected to others at MPC
95% of participating interns and co-ops would 
recommend ENG Connections to others
EMPLOYEE DE&I TRAINING
While our employee network groups offer many training 
opportunities on various DE&I topics throughout the year, our 
New Employee Onboarding and New Leader Onboarding virtual 
courses provide additional DE&I training, designed to increase 
awareness of the challenges of DE&I. Training for leaders 
focuses on preparing them to lead effectively within a diverse 
workforce while continuously building a culture of inclusion 
through better understanding coworkers and addressing bias 
and barriers that may exist in the workplace.
Additionally, MPC offers a Diversity Basics Foundations virtual 
course, which highlights MPC’s commitment to maintaining 
a workforce free of harassment and discrimination. 
From understanding unconscious bias, to identity and 
intersectionality, to emotional intelligence, this training 
provides an opportunity for employees to begin building a 
baseline understanding on challenging, important topics.
In partnership with NeuroLeadership Institute, the DE&I 
team has redeveloped MPC’s unconscious bias program, 
piloted the program with a group of leaders and plans 
to continue rolling out the training throughout the next 
three years.
  Learn more about how we contribute to our thriving communities 
in our Community Investments and Supplier Diversity sections. 
Employee Engagement
Employee Experience Survey 
As part of our commitment to being an employer of choice and 
continuing to make MPC a great place to work, we provide 
opportunities for employees to share feedback through various 
forums. Understanding our employees’ experiences at MPC and 
hearing employee perspectives provide insights that strengthen 
and better position us for the future. We have implemented a 
contemporary process for gathering and evaluating employee 
feedback using a variety of tools that enable frequent 
engagement. These include conducting targeted “pulse” surveys 
throughout the year and holding focus groups to dig deeper and 
better understand the input collected through surveys. Pulse 
surveys help us better and more frequently understand how 
we’re doing at creating positive experiences for our employees 
on a long-term basis, and the findings are used to inform our 
strategy.
In early 2023, we conducted an employee pulse survey to 
evaluate how employees are experiencing different aspects of 
working at MPC and how we can improve employee experience. 
Our 2023 survey built on the survey we conducted in late 2021 
and early 2022 by measuring our progress in the same nine 
areas of employee experience. 
Our work is not done, and we are implementing actions to 
support identified opportunities in different ways across the 
company. This process helps us create positive experiences for 
our people.
Females in the Field
Formed in 2022, Females in the Field is a group of 
women who travel to company field locations and 
other destinations as an aspect of their job function. 
The group meets quarterly and discusses topics 
including travel safety and gender bias. The group 
serves as a sounding board and safe space for 
female employees to share their experiences and 
advice to other females traveling on behalf of the 
company. 
Objectives of Females in the Field are to:
 ɦ Equip women to handle issues that could arise 
while traveling
 ɦ Provide support and resources
 ɦ Provide opportunities for networking
 ɦ Engage and empower allies
Named one of the Top Companies in 2022 for 
Women to Work for in Transportation by The Women 
In Trucking Association
This award recognizes companies with:
  A corporate culture that fosters gender diversity 
  Competitive compensation and benefits
  Flexible hours 
   Professional development and career 
advancement opportunities 
29

Benefits
 ɦ Health Benefits – Medical, dental, vision and 
wellness sessions
 ɦ Retirement Benefits – Pension, 401(k) savings plan
 ɦ Education Reimbursement – Financial assistance 
for approved degree programs, certifications and 
licensing
 ɦ Giving and Volunteerism – Company match for 
qualified giving and volunteer incentive program
 ɦ Paid Parental Leave – Eight weeks for birthing 
parent, four weeks for nonbirthing parent
 ɦ Family Leave – Unpaid time off for certain family, 
personal and medical reasons
 ɦ Relocation – Relocation assistance to help make 
the transition as easy as possible
 ɦ Employee Assistance Program – Free counseling, 
identity protection and more
 ɦ Scholars Program – Competitive college 
scholarships for children of employees
 ɦ Competitive Bonus Programs – Available to all 
employees
 ɦ Vacation – Three to six weeks paid time off 
 ɦ Adoption Assistance – Helping pay for adoptions
 Taking a five-minute break to water the garden, weed it 
or just harvest some vegetables ... these activities may 
benefit (employees) by removing them from a problem 
for a moment and allowing them to clear their mind.
SABRINA ZAJAC 
Administrative Assistant, Wellness Grant Recipient 
Investing in Our Employees
Compensation and Benefits
Compensation and benefits serve to attract, acknowledge and 
encourage quality performance and meaningful contributions 
from our employees. 
To confirm we are offering competitive pay and benefits 
packages in our recruitment and retention efforts, we annually 
benchmark compensation among our peers to compare benefit 
offerings, including base salaries, bonus levels and long-term 
incentive targets, as well as health benefits such as medical, 
dental and vision insurance. 
Nearly 100% of all salaried, hourly and union employees were 
rewarded with additional compensation in 2023 based on 
2022 company performance.  
Our annual bonus program is a critical component of our 
compensation, as it provides individual rewards for MPC’s 
achievement against preset financial and ESG goals, 
encouraging a sense of employee ownership. All MPC 
employees are eligible for our bonus program and work toward 
the same goals. 
Employees in our senior leader pay grades, as well as most 
other leaders, receive long-term incentive awards annually to 
align their compensation to the interests of shareholders. To help 
retain talent, a portion of all mid-level leader compensation is 
dependent on completion of service. 
Off-time and Flexible Work Arrangements 
MPC recognizes that time off is a valued benefit for our 
employees and an important element of mental and physical 
wellness. As a result, we have enhanced our employee vacation 
benefit, increasing our standard allotment to a minimum of three 
weeks paid time off. 
Additionally, eligible employee roles have the ﬂexibility to work 
remotely one day per week or in some cases observe an 
Alternative Work Schedule (AWS). An AWS or 9/80 permits a 
compressed work schedule with every other Friday off.
Health and Wellness
The physical and mental health of our employees is vital to 
the success of our company. To help provide access to care 
when needed, our Health Services organization operates 19 
occupational health clinics across our locations where medical 
professionals provide on-site access to health services. We 
also provide a 24/7/365 nurse hotline, on-site amenities such 
as fitness and wellness resources, and virtual and on-site 
educational sessions on a variety of health topics delivered by a 
team of health and wellness professionals. 
ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEES TO BE WELL ALL WAYS 
Well ALL Ways is MPC's corporate wellness program that 
emphasizes to employees the importance of taking care of 
themselves. Well ALL Ways focuses on preventive health 
and comes with a financial incentive: Eligible employees who 
complete an online health assessment and a preventive physical 
exam with an approved health care provider can earn a $400 
payroll stipend, with an additional $200 for a qualified spouse or 
domestic partner. In 2022, about 9,400 employees and spouses 
took online health assessments and received preventive 
physicals. 
Well ALL Ways focuses on five key aspects: 
 ɦ Occupational – how we foster safe and engaging work 
 ɦ Financial – how we build toward financial stability 
 ɦ Social – how we connect with others 
 ɦ Physical – how we fuel our bodies 
 ɦ Mental – how we respond to life
WAYS TO BE WELL ALL WAYS 
To promote healthy lifestyles and mental health among our 
employees in their daily lives, we offer programs that 
contribute to overall well-being inside and outside 
of the workplace. When our employees practice 
healthy habits, they achieve better physical and 
mental health outcomes that allow them to thrive 
and grow as people. 
Good mental health improves the way we 
deal with stressors and contributes to safety 
and productivity in the workplace. 
In 2022, some key wellness initiatives included: 
 ɦ WebMD Health Coaching – This one-on-one coaching 
program connects employees with professional health 
coaches that provide guidance throughout their wellness 
journey. Coaching engagement increased nearly four times in 
2022 from 2021.
 ɦ WebMD One Wellness Portal Launch – WebMD One is an 
online portal and mobile app offering online tools, resources 
and personalized recommendations on how to achieve 
wellness goals and access to educational events and 
workshops — all in one place. More than 9,000 employees 
have registered since launching in 2022.
 ɦ Invitational Team Steps Challenge – This challenge 
encouraged employees to team up, get moving and track their 
steps. Over 1,000 participants tracked nearly 200 million steps 
in 2022.
 ɦ Wellness Champion Network – Our network of wellness 
champions includes over 170 employees from across 
the company. The Champion Grant Program funds the 
development and implementation of local well-being initiatives 
proposed by champions. In 2022, 51 wellness grants were 
awarded. 
At MPC’s Woodhaven Cavern Facility in Michigan, a 
Champion Grant was used to plant an on-site garden. 
 ɦ Let’s Talk Workshops – This monthly virtual session educates 
employees about mental health, resources and ways to 
support someone they suspect might be struggling. More 
than 1,000 employees have attended since these workshops 
launched in 2020. 
 ɦ Suicide Prevention Workshops – Introduction of VitalCog: 
Suicide Prevention in the Workplace training, a professionally 
developed workshop that helps identify at-risk behaviors and 
promotes open dialogue about mental health.  
30

Employee Training and Development 
Leadership Development Programs
Leadership development programs are offered across the 
company, blending business and leadership content, often with 
external faculty. We use a variety of training methods to address 
and engage different learning styles. We believe networking and 
access to our executive team are key leadership success factors, 
and we incorporate these opportunities into all our programs.
 ɦ New Leader Onboarding Program – Designed for newly 
appointed leaders who have supervisory responsibility, this 
program consists of a series of four web-based trainings on 
company policy, business integrity, transitioning from coworker 
to supervisor and emotional intelligence. Together these 
trainings provide practical tips, tools and other guidance for 
employees to successfully transition into supervisor roles. 
423 employees participated in the New 
Leader Onboarding Program in 2022
 ɦ Frontline Leadership Skills Program – Created for supervisors 
of hourly employees, this program consists of web-based 
trainings, an online resource center and a monthly speaker. 
Together these offerings provide supervisors with improved 
tactics and skills to build stronger relationships, be adaptable 
to change and think strategically. 
1,390 employees participated in the Frontline 
Leadership Skills Program in 2022
 ɦ PATH Program – Developed for new refining engineers and 
professionals, this program consists of in-person workshops 
and courses that focus on gaining industry-specific knowledge, 
problem-solving and hands-on training. Courses are tailored 
to 14 disciplines and have been chosen and structured by 
leadership to add value to the employee’s career and enable a 
path for future advancement.
478 employees participated in the PATH 
Program in 2022
Employee Development Workshops
We offer a range of in-person workshops that are open 
to all employees. These workshops go beyond technical 
capabilities and focus on interpersonal skills such as leadership, 
communication and teamwork. 
 ɦ Delivering Powerful Presentations – Developed to help 
employees become more confident, enthusiastic and 
persuasive when delivering presentations and to enhance their 
overall communication style and public speaking skills.
 ɦ Best Negotiating Practices – Delivered to enable employees 
to build the necessary skills to evaluate, negotiate and execute 
in support of our strategic priorities.
179 employees participated in these employee 
development workshops in 2022
Career Development Plans
Across the company, employees and supervisors meet to 
identify specific, achievable career goals and create a plan to 
achieve them. Supervisors then hold development check-ins with 
employees to check progress on their plans. 
PERFORMANCE PROCESS
Our performance process helps our employees focus on 
the core aspects of their jobs, align expectations with their 
supervisors and consider accomplishments within the context of 
how they were achieved. Supervisors and employees establish 
up to five performance commitments annually. At the end of 
the performance cycle, employees receive a scorecard that 
summarizes results, including assessing performance in terms of 
values, knowledge and competencies. 
Driver Trainer Program
MPC takes pride in its ﬂeet of over 1,100 drivers, 
who play a pivotal role in delivering essential 
transportation fuels to gas stations and various 
locations across the nation. In 2022, we 
successfully integrated approximately 300 new 
drivers into our transport ﬂeet. Prior to allowing new 
drivers to operate independently, they undergo a 
comprehensive training period, during which they 
are accompanied by experienced driver trainers.
Our driver trainers have extensive experience 
in the field and an exceptional safety record. 
They serve as a mentor to the new driver by 
sharing their experiences, lessons learned and 
technical knowledge. To deliver the highest 
standard of training, our driver trainers participate 
in a weeklong in-person workshop focusing on 
essential skills such as conﬂict resolution, effective 
communication, ergonomics, leadership and the 
facilitation of the Smith System defensive driving 
course.
Investing in our workforce is one of the best investments we can make as a company. We equip our employees at every level with 
trainings that provide the knowledge and skills necessary to perform their daily job functions safely and successfully. Simultaneously, 
we support our employees with a wide range of development opportunities and tools to help them advance and grow their careers 
within MPC. 
Our approach to employee learning and development aligns with business strategies and combines formal learnings with on-the-job 
training and experience. Learning and development initiatives are tracked through a companywide learning management system (LMS). 
These initiatives include but are not limited to online courses, classroom trainings and on-the-job activities. 
1 million+ 
training hours recorded by MPC employees 
in 2022, with each employee recording an 
average of 64 training hours
4,000+ 
career development plans initiated by MPC 
employees in 2022 
~100% 
of our salaried employees participate in 
our performance process each year
150+ 
MPC transport 
drivers served as 
driver trainers in 
2022
31

Respecting Human Rights 
Respecting Human Rights is fundamental 
to our core values of Integrity, Respect and 
Inclusion. 
MPC’s and MPLX’s Policy on Human Rights, Including the 
Rights of Indigenous People represents our commitment to 
respect the human, cultural and legal rights of all individuals 
and communities. We also expect our suppliers, contractors and 
other business partners to likewise respect human rights and 
remediate human rights impacts in their respective activities. 
We are committed to respecting human rights as set out in the 
United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights and 
the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights. In the 
development of our policy, we identified and continue to monitor 
the following: 
 ɦ Child labor 
 ɦ Compensation and benefits 
 ɦ Diversity and inclusion 
 ɦ Forced or coerced labor 
 ɦ Freedom of association and collective bargaining 
 ɦ Harassment and discrimination 
 ɦ Health and safety 
 ɦ Security
MPC and MPLX must follow company policies and comply with 
laws and regulations related to human rights. We also work within 
our sphere of inﬂuence and business operations to reduce the 
risk of potential violations by identifying and monitoring risks, 
reporting concerns and remediating violations that relate to 
identified impacts and risks.
Human Rights Due Diligence 
Human rights due diligence is embedded in our ways of working, 
which are applicable to all employees and contractors. Our 
approach is guided by several key standards, procedures and 
processes and related employee training: 
 ɦ Policy on Human Rights, Including the Rights of Indigenous 
People – This policy provides guidance on how to manage our 
obligation to respect the rights of our employees and members 
of the community, including Indigenous communities where we 
operate. 
 ɦ Core Values – Our values guide the way we treat each other 
and all stakeholders. We believe how we do our work is just as 
important as what we do. 
 ɦ Code of Business Conduct – This code is our standard on 
how employees, contractors and anyone acting on behalf 
of MPC and MPLX must behave as representatives of the 
company. MPC provides mandatory Code of Conduct training 
with required re-affirmation on an annual basis.
 ɦ Employee Well-Being – We promote well-being by providing 
competitive compensation and benefits, maintaining safe and 
healthy work environments, respecting freedom to associate 
and bargain collectively, and encouraging diversity, equity and 
inclusion. We prohibit harassment, discrimination and the use 
of coerced, forced and child labor. 
 ɦ Supplier Code of Conduct – This code of conduct provides 
our guidelines and expectations for suppliers to comply with 
environmental, social and governance clauses in their MPC 
contracts, and to adhere to our fundamental values, policies 
and procedures in how they do business. 
 ɦ Supplier ESG Performance Assessments – These 
assessments evaluate compliance with the Supplier Code of 
Conduct for our Tier 1 Critical Suppliers. Tier 1 suppliers provide 
essential goods and services for our base business. We are 
also developing a sustainability due diligence process to 
assess risk within our renewable feedstock supply chain.
 ɦ Operational Excellence Management System – Our OEMS 
provides a standard and integrated approach to identifying, 
monitoring and managing risks in our operations, including 
potential human rights risks. 
 ɦ Commitment to Respecting Our Neighbors – We work to 
mitigate impacts from projects and operations responsibly and 
strive to contribute to the communities in which we operate. 
We conduct impact assessments on major projects and 
consider the economic, social, environmental opportunities and 
risks. The assessments help manage and reduce impacts on 
the environment and on communities throughout the lifetime of 
projects. As part of this process, we engage with communities 
and other stakeholders to share information, consider 
suggestions and address concerns. 
 ɦ Stakeholder Engagement and Feedback Mechanisms – 
Two-way communication supports our integrated approach 
to human rights due diligence. Through our feedback 
mechanisms, for example, we help provide appropriate 
channels for individuals or communities to raise concerns, 
whether through Community Advisory Panels (CAPs), widely 
communicated and accessible hotlines or community 
engagements. We then work to manage, respond to and 
resolve issues in a timely manner. 
 ɦ Tribal Affairs Working Group – Our internal teams drive 
a proactive approach to building relationships with tribes 
within our operational footprint. When engaging with tribal 
communities, we seek first to understand their culture and 
unique history, traditions and beliefs. 
  Learn more about our engagement with Indigenous communities in our  
Partnership with Our Tribal Neighbors section. 
32

How We Engage
Engaging Our Stakeholders and Communities
Define 
Priorities, 
Impacts and 
Issues
Identify 
Stakeholder 
and Resources
Purposeful 
Communication
Community 
Investment
Deliberate 
Engagement
Track and 
Measure 
Engagement
Shared  
Value
At MPC and MPLX, we seek to build 
relationships in our communities, and we 
consistently strive to create shared value with 
our stakeholders. 
We work to understand our stakeholders’ goals, perspectives 
and concerns and incorporate their feedback into our business 
and engagement strategies. This involves establishing regular 
communications with our stakeholders, assessing community 
impacts and providing avenues where stakeholders can share 
their concerns. We continue to adapt and expand our approach 
to engagement to meet the changing needs of our company and 
our stakeholders.
We Are Listening
Engaging with our stakeholders means being accessible to the 
communities we serve, actively listening and considering ways to 
address their concerns. 
COMMUNITY HOTLINES 
We believe being accessible to our communities is an essential 
part of being a good neighbor. Our hotlines are available 24 
hours a day, seven days a week so that neighbors of our facilities 
and landowners of our pipeline rights of way can contact us to 
ask questions and report concerns. Our teams route messages 
to the appropriate area and are empowered to escalate 
concerns when necessary. 
COMMUNITY ADVISORY PANELS 
Community Advisory Panels (CAPs) are made up of community 
representatives from various backgrounds and are established 
at all our major refining assets. CAP meetings are 
informative and engaging forums where 
members can learn more about MPC 
and our operational and community 
initiatives and projects, as well as 
ask questions, raise concerns 
and highlight opportunities.
Committed to Pipeline Safety 
Marathon Pipe Line LLC (MPL), a wholly owned subsidiary of 
MPLX, continues to evolve its public engagement program, 
Earning Y our Trust. This program engages and educates 
landowners, community members, schools and public officials 
about pipeline safety and infrastructure. In 2022, MPL continued 
to execute the program with a focus on building relationships 
by leveraging its employees as ambassadors who exemplify the 
culture. 
AGRICULTURAL OUTREACH EFFORTS  
Research indicates third-party pipeline strikes in agricultural 
areas continue to be a significant risk. As a result, we shifted our 
engagements to in-person events in agricultural communities. 
Events focused on safe installation of drain tiles and informed 
farmers in counties with the highest risk. 
To enhance relationships and encourage two-way 
communication, employees hand-delivered meals and provided 
free dinners from local restaurants to farmers and drain tilers 
during busy farming seasons when risks are highest. Additionally, 
employees directly contacted nearly 600 farmers where there 
was potential for routine farming practices to cause damage 
to pipelines. These personal, one-on-one conversations led 
to awareness of the risk and informed surface use restriction 
agreements and line-lowering projects for pipeline safety. 
MPL’s outreach also included attendance at several large farm 
shows and state Land Improvement Contractors Association 
meetings, as well as contacting known drain tiling companies 
within pipeline operating areas. 
STAYING ENGAGED WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS  
The majority of contacts were general inquiries. Less than 4% 
of inquiries were marked as complaints and 99% of calls were 
responded to within three business days, with an average 
response time of 12.5 hours. 
In 2022, new stakeholder contact methods included the 
launch of a private Facebook group for landowners and 
local emergency responders, and enhancements to our New 
Neighbor Program that connects us with new property owners 
living along our rights of way. 
Stakeholder Engagement Plans
Our stakeholder engagement plans are carefully crafted road 
maps that provide intentional engagement strategies tailored 
to meet the needs of the communities we serve. We regularly 
evaluate key stakeholders and local issues through ongoing 
dialogue, surveys and other feedback mechanisms to keep our 
strategies relevant. This is important to: 
 ɦ Foster collaborative relationships 
 ɦ Create and maintain an open dialogue
 ɦ Identify concerns, develop and implement solutions 
 ɦ Collaborate for success, where appropriate 
We coordinate stakeholder engagements across our 
organization to understand and address our stakeholders’ needs 
and interests, while driving progress toward our shared goals. 
We have Stakeholder Engagement Plans in place for 100% of our 
refineries and owned and operated renewable fuels facilities. 
We are enhancing relationships with neighbors, landowners 
and tribes near our MPLX assets through ongoing dialogue and 
proactive engagements.
OUR PROCESS
Our stakeholder engagement process starts with building 
relationships and openly engaging in dialogue to understand the 
needs and concerns of our stakeholders, define mutual priorities 
and identify resources that create shared value in pursuit of 
common goals. Our leaders and teams at our facilities are guided 
to engage key stakeholders and audiences according to each 
unique relationship. This tailored approach helps us to address 
needs specific to each community.
1,600+ 
public inquiries received 
2022 MPL Public Engagement 
Highlights
~1,000 
engagements initiated with new neighbors
300+ 
members added to MPL’s landowner and first 
responder Facebook group
9,000+ 
farmers and drain tile installers educated on 
pipeline safety
33

Ute 
Indian 
Tribe
Samish
Umatilla
Jicarilla Apache
Alaska Native 
Corporations 
& Tribes
Santa Ana 
Pueblo
Cherokee 
Nation
Sac and 
Fox 
Nation
MHA Nation
Shoshone-
Bannock
Pawnee 
Nation Osage 
Nation
Southern Ute
Ute Mountain 
Navajo 
Nation
Kalispel Tribe 
Choctaw
Muscogee 
(Creek) 
Nation
Cheyenne-
Arapaho 
Swinomish
Zia 
Pueblo
Tribal Partners
• Alaska Native Corporations    
and Tribes
• Cherokee Nation
• Cheyenne-Arapaho Tribe
• Choctaw Nation
• Jicarilla Apache 
• Kalispel Tribe 
• Muscogee (Creek) Nation
• MHA Nation
• Navajo Nation
• Osage Nation
• Pawnee Nation
• Sac and Fox Nation
• Samish Indian Nation
• Santa Ana Pueblo
• Shoshone-Bannock
• Southern Ute 
• Swinomish 
• Umatilla
• Ute Indian Tribe
• Ute Mountain  
• Zia Pueblo
Rev. 10/19/23 | Note: Illustrative representation of asset map
(a) Includes MPC/MPLX owned and operated lines, 
MPC/MPLX interest lines operated by others and 
MPC/MPLX operated lines owned by others.
MPC Reﬁneries
MPC/MPLX Pipelines (a)
MPC Renewable Fuels Facility
Partnership with Our Tribal Neighbors
MPC and MPLX are committed to engage, 
communicate and partner with tribal nations 
and communities where we operate. We 
understand each tribe has its own unique 
culture, government, language and customs, 
and we value and welcome their valuable 
perspectives as we work together to create 
shared value opportunities. 
To improve our collaboration with tribes, we educate our 
employees on tribal history, culture and the best methods of 
communication. These training sessions were created with 
input from MPC employees who are members of tribes such as 
Blackfeet, Navajo and Muscogee (Creek) Nations. Additional 
input comes from subject matter experts within tribes such as 
Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) and Cherokee.
Our Tribal Affairs Working Group consists of internal MPC 
employees who work hard to build strong relationships with 
tribes. This group helps make recommendations on community 
investment projects focused on workforce development, 
sustainability and helping drive impact toward thriving tribal 
communities. In 2022, our Tribal Affairs Working Group meetings 
included guests from Tribal Nation leaders, including the 
Chairman of the Navajo Nation and the Chief of the Osage 
Nation. Their valuable perspective on how to best engage in their 
communities continues to enhance the way we work together.
This year, we celebrated a milestone partnership by including 
members of the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and the MHA Nation 
in emergency preparedness training in partnership with the 
EPA. We will continue to incorporate unique tribal perspectives 
on our approach to safety and preservation of cultural and 
environmental resources in our strategy and planning for project 
execution and operational activities. 
Shared Values and Purposeful Engagement 
Drive Impact 
In addition to direct partnerships with tribal nations, we recently 
partnered with several national tribal organizations that aim to 
provide education and elevate members of tribal communities, 
including:
 ɦ American Indian Science and Engineering Society
 ɦ American Indian Business Leaders
 ɦ Native Forward
 ɦ National Native American Hall of Fame
 ɦ American Indian College Fund
 ɦ Tribal Colleges and Universities - Navajo Technical University 
and United Tribes Technical College
Each new partnership has the potential for impact on a national 
scale and will help improve access to scholarships, internships, 
career planning and employment opportunities for native 
students. 
American Indian Science 
& Engineering Society 
(AISES) is the largest, oldest 
leader in STEM students 
and professionals in Indian 
country. AISES membership 
represents over 200 tribal 
nations. MPC invested 
$100,000 to support the Full 
Circle Program, a community-
focused after-school STEM 
college and career readiness 
program incorporating a full-
circle approach to workforce 
development among 
Indigenous students of Navajo 
Nation. In 2022, about 80% 
of students in this program 
successfully advanced to 
college.
American Indian College 
Fund is an educational partner 
that has helped establish the 
Future Energy Professionals 
Project. The project provides 
scholarships and academic 
and career services for Native 
college students pursuing post-
secondary credentials at tribal 
colleges and universities in 
New Mexico and North Dakota, 
areas where MPC operates 
and has strong community ties. 
Our $100,000 grant will help 
provide a guided pathway to 
Native students interested in 
energy-specific professions 
where Native people are 
underrepresented.  
Nueta Hidatsa Sahnish 
College (NHS College) 
supports students of the MHA 
Nation. A $100,000 grant from 
MPC is helping to restart their 
commercial driver’s license 
(CDL) program and fund 
equipment for their welding 
trades program. Welders 
and CDL drivers are in high 
demand across the state of 
North Dakota and with MPLX. 
These programs will help 
Natives secure jobs in high 
demand with above average 
pay. MPLX leadership will help 
to develop curriculum for NHSC 
College and promote employee 
involvement in these programs.
Tribal Partnerships Highlights
Pueblo of Santa Ana 
expressed a need to renovate 
ponding areas, restore 
wetlands and create a new 
pond for their community. 
A $75,000 grant from 
MPC is helping to provide 
environmental and wildlife 
habitat enhancements and 
improving the area to be used 
for educational and outreach 
opportunities for the Pueblo 
Santa Ana tribal community 
members. The renovated 
space will serve as an outdoor 
classroom for the Departments 
of Natural Resources, Education 
and Wellness and will allow 
visitors to learn more about the 
area’s natural history. 
These investments directly serve community members and 
demonstrate our shared value and commitment to tribal country. 
We are excited to continue to engage, collaborate and drive 
positive impact with our tribal neighbors.
$1 million+ 
invested by MPC and MPLX in 2022 to directly 
support tribal communities where we operate
Named 
TOP 
50 
Places to Work in 2023 
for STEM Professionals 
by AISES
34

Community Investments Charitable Contributions and Grants
MPC’s community investment strategy focuses 
on contributions to and partnerships with 
charitable organizations that align with: 
 ɦ The priorities of our community stakeholders 
 ɦ Our core values 
 ɦ Our sustainability strategy 
 ɦ Our ability to make a positive, measurable impact in the 
communities where we live and work 
We continue to seek out new and innovative ways to improve 
our communities through projects and programming with a broad 
array of organizations making a positive difference. Through 
long-standing partnerships and short-term initiatives, we invest in 
programs that drive workforce development, sustainability and 
opportunities to support thriving communities. 
The 2022 MPC Gives Charity Golf Tournament in  
San Antonio, Texas, raised $2 million+ in support of national 
nonprofit partners.
High Impact Community Investments in 2022
MPC and MPLX consistently seek unique and innovative investment opportunities that challenge the view of typical grantmaking. By 
engaging with stakeholders from various backgrounds, we pursue projects that allow us to create a positive, measurable impact and build 
partnerships across diverse organizations.
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT
Enhancing Skills for the Future 
Workforce
MPC’s Galveston Bay, Texas, refinery 
established a scholarship fund with 
College of the Mainland (COM), a 
local community college in Texas City, 
Texas, to support students pursuing 
higher education. For the 2022-2023 
academic year, 100 students enrolled in 
the Petrochemical Process Technology 
(P-Tech) program at COM received 
scholarship support as a direct result of 
the MPC partnership. This academic year, 
35 scholarship recipients are expected to 
complete the program. 
P-Tech scholarship recipients are from 
diverse backgrounds and circumstances 
and represent about 30% of the refinery’s 
new hires. 
SUSTAINABILITY 
Developing Sustainability Leaders 
MPC’s Kenai, Alaska, refinery is an annual 
partner of the “Caring for the Kenai” 
competition that challenges students 
from the Kenai Peninsula Borough School 
District to consider how they can better 
care for the environment or improve 
the area’s preparedness for a natural 
disaster.
The competition helps spark creativity 
in students and presents a real-life 
opportunity to create change. 
In its 32nd year, the contest has awarded 
more than $245,000 to students with 
the most innovative and sustainable 
ideas. The contest winners' schools 
also received grant money to support 
programming that challenges young 
minds and helps develop sustainability 
leaders of tomorrow.
THRIVING COMMUNITIES 
Helping to Meet Basic Needs
Part of building thriving communities is 
ensuring basic needs are met. In 2022, 
MPC partnered with organizations such 
as Habitat for Humanity and Operation 
Warm to help build affordable housing 
and provide clothing to those in need. 
Across our company footprint, our 
employees volunteered over 1,300 hours 
to support Habitat for Humanity events. 
To support our employees’ passion for 
this organization, MPC also donated 
nearly $350,000 to help fund the 
building of new homes. 
In several MPC and tribal communities, 
we invested in programs that helped 
to provide clothing and warm coats to 
children to prepare for back-to-school 
and the winter season. Our partnership 
with Operation Warm alone has helped 
clothe more than 2,000 children who 
may not otherwise have been prepared 
for the cold winter season. 
$23 million+
invested in communities by 
MPC and MPLX 
2022 Community 
Investments by the Numbers
$4 million+
employee donations to 
nonprofits
1,000+
nonprofits supported
Workforce Development Sustainability Thriving Communities
Impact 
Summary
Preparing more individuals 
for professional success 
through vocational training, 
career readiness, technical 
internships and scholarships
Protecting the environment 
and wildlife while 
promoting sustainability 
and conservation through 
educational experiences
Meeting basic needs  —  beyond 
assistance with food and shelter, 
we are improving access to 
resources like youth development 
and safety initiatives
Impacts 
Reported 5,700 + 56,000+ 51,000+
Top 
Related 
Indicators
 ɦ Beneficiaries graduated 
high school
 ɦ Attained, retained, or 
improved employment
 ɦ Accessed post-secondary 
education
 ɦ Beneficiaries protected, 
improved health
 ɦ Sustainability leaders 
activated, strengthened
 ɦ Acres of land protected, 
restored
 ɦ Beneficiaries enhanced 
fulfillment, enjoyment
 ɦ Improved academic 
performance
 ɦ Gained safety, support
$8.5 million+
community investments of 
$20K to over 150 organizations
100,000+
impacts reported 
Data includes a mix of initial results, interim 
estimates and final reports and may ﬂuctuate as 
programs/projects near completion.
35

Employee Giving and Volunteer Incentive Programs
Our employees are dedicated to helping communities, 
and we support them through our MPC Giving and 
Volunteerism Programs. To back their investments 
of time and money, we provide a robust matching 
gifts program and reward those who volunteer in the 
communities where we live and work. We match 100% of 
employee donations, dollar for dollar, to qualified 501(c)(3) 
organizations, up to $10,000 per calendar year. Matching 
Gifts for Higher Education provides a company match 
of up to $10,000 for qualified gifts to two- and four-
year accredited colleges and universities. This is 
separate from and in addition to the Employee 
Giving Program match. 
Our Volunteer Incentive Program (VIP) allows 
employees to earn a $500 award for the 
charity of their choice by volunteering 24 
hours or more with a qualified nonprofit. 
Employees may earn one individual award 
and one group award for a total of $1,000 in 
potential awards per year.
HELPING COMMUNITIES IN RECOVERY
When disaster strikes, our communities come together in 
support of friends and neighbors. 
MPC’s disaster response support considers immediate 
humanitarian needs, as well as long-term recovery in affected 
communities. As an added form of support in times of high-
impact emergencies, MPC activates a special employee 
donation matching program separate from our company 
matching gift program, enabling employee donations to make 
a greater impact in times of crisis.
Kentucky Flooding 
In July 2022, storms swept through eastern Kentucky and 
left behind a sea of deadly ﬂood waters. The ﬂoods affected 
communities near our MPLX G&P assets prompting teams to 
spring into action. Employees served on rescue and recovery 
teams and collected and distributed drinking water and basic 
supplies. 
In addition to volunteer support, MPC contributed $50,000 to 
fund the purchase of a rescue vehicle and a semitruck load of 
additional supplies to aid in recovery. 
Hurricane Ian 
In September 2022, MPC teams braced for Hurricane Ian 
near the Florida coast. With the safety of our employees and 
communities in mind, dry goods, supplies and emergency 
shelters were secured in advance of the storm.
In the aftermath, our teams provided humanitarian aid to 
communities and generators to employees who lost power 
in their homes. In addition, MPC contributed $50,000 toward 
relief efforts to the American Red Cross and Volunteer Florida 
Foundation. 
740+ 
VIP awards earned by  
MPC employees in 2022, 
totaling $370,000+
$1.2 million+
donated to disaster recovery 
efforts in 2022
$4.2 million+
employee donation
$3.7 million+
match on employee donations
87,000+
employee volunteer hours
~850
employee volunteer projects
36

Spotlight on Partnership 
with Habitat for Humanity, 
Martinez, California
MPC launched its signature Hands on for Habitat 
program, a three-year partnership with Habitat for 
Humanity East Bay/Silicon Valley that takes high school 
students focused on construction trades beyond 
the classroom and introduces them to the world of 
volunteerism and real-world construction. Each year, 
the program will benefit more than 100 11th and 12th 
graders enrolled in construction trade programs in the 
Mount Diablo, Martinez and Pittsburg school districts. 
MPC is sponsoring the program for the next three 
years with a $105,000 investment and has donated 
an additional $5,000 grant to each participating 
classroom. Teachers will use the classroom grants to 
buy new equipment and tools and help modernize the 
learning experience for students.
Through this innovative program, MPC is helping 
students explore high-paying careers while advancing 
the goal of building the workforce pipeline for our 
industry and the Bay Area economy. 
Each school year, students will spend the fall 
semester developing technical skills in the classroom, 
learning project management and exploring career 
opportunities. In the spring, students will spend a day 
working at Habitat for Humanity’s Esperanza Place 
Development in Walnut Creek. Not only will this new 
neighborhood bring homeownership within reach of 
families typically priced out of the opportunity, its Zero 
Net Energy design will enable it to produce more 
energy than it will consume. Under the supervision of 
Habitat for Humanity’s trained staff, students will apply 
their classroom knowledge on a real construction site, 
learning tool skills, site safety and gaining a deeper 
understanding of the construction industry.
Working Toward a Just and Responsible Transition 
$1.5 million+
in the Martinez Renewable Fuels local 
community from 2021-2022, with more 
than a quarter of this investment focused 
on workforce development. 
In 2022, MPC published a report, Creating Shared Value 
Through a Just and Responsible Transition, available on our 
website. Our Just Transition Report was the first such report to be 
published by a company in the oil and gas sector and one of the 
few to be published across any sector. 
As detailed in our report, we will continue to do our part to 
enhance the opportunities for our people and value for our 
communities as we position MPC for the future with a steady, 
long-term approach to climate planning. We do this by building 
upon our long-standing commitments and practices, through 
engaging with stakeholders, investing in our people and 
investing in community workforce development.
  For more information on our approach to a just transition, please see our 
report, Creating Shared Value Through a Just and Responsible Transition.
Progressing the Transition of Martinez 
Renewable Fuels
MPC continues to progress construction of the Martinez 
Renewable Fuels facility. After this former petroleum refinery was 
indefinitely idled, MPC announced plans to convert the facility to 
renewable fuels production shortly thereafter. 
A definitive agreement was announced in 
2022 to form a joint venture with Neste 
to advance the delivery of lower 
carbon intensity fuels. Total project 
development costs are projected at 
$1.2 billion through the completion 
of the project.
Our ongoing conversion of 
Martinez Renewable Fuels 
illustrates one of the ways we 
are doing our part to responsibly 
manage changes to our business, 
while prioritizing integrity, respect 
and authentic engagement in our 
approach.
  For more information on our climate strategy and 
outlook against decarbonization scenarios, please 
see our report, Perspectives on Climate-related 
Scenarios. 
Engaging with Stakeholders
MPC undertook extensive outreach to local affected stakeholders 
to discuss our plans to transition the Martinez facility in a just 
and responsible fashion. This included early engagement 
with local communities and community groups, elected and 
appointed officials at the state and local level, organized labor, 
environmental advocacy organizations, business groups, law 
enforcement and emergency services, and local charities and 
other nonprofit organizations. 
MPC representatives emphasized transparency with these 
stakeholder groups, publicly presenting information about the 
project and responding to questions and concerns. 
We established a website with information about the project, 
renewable fuels and our activities in the community, providing 
regular updates as news became available. The website was 
widely publicized in the community to provide easy access to 
information.
In addition to considering public feedback received at 
meetings and presentations, stakeholder feedback came 
through the permitting process for the project, which involved 
a comprehensive environmental impact report that received 
significant stakeholder input during a public comment period. 
All comments were addressed, and based on the final 
environmental impact report and other factors, the Contra Costa 
County Board of Supervisors unanimously approved the project. 
Stakeholder engagement continues to be a priority as the 
project unfolds. This includes ongoing dialogue with community 
members, in particular through the facility’s Community Advisory 
Panel, which meets regularly with facility leadership for project 
updates and discussion about community perceptions and 
needs.
Investing in Workforce Development
Community investment is one way MPC demonstrates its 
commitment to shared value. We invest across three key 
focus areas of workforce development, sustainability and 
thriving communities. In the context of just transition, workforce 
development investments are particularly important, as they 
support education and skills-based, workforce-readiness training 
to prepare individuals for the jobs of tomorrow.
In addition to our ongoing community investments in the area, 
a key part of the project’s approval by the Contra Costa County 
Board of Supervisors was the project’s Community Benefits 
Agreement, through which MPC committed to donate $10 million 
total ($1 million per year) to Contra Costa County in support of 
building and sustaining a strong and resilient local economy 
and workforce. This support includes development and training 
programs to prepare residents for new renewable and clean 
energy career pathways and jobs. Funding is managed and 
deployed by Contra Costa County, with beneficiaries including 
community colleges, nonprofit organizations and apprenticeship 
programs in the area. Consistent with our overall community 
investments approach, our engagement in this important 
agreement is not limited to funding – MPC is actively involved, 
with our local community investment expert serving on the 
county’s Workforce Development Board.
  For more information on our investment priorities and representative 
examples of 2022 giving, please visit the Community Investments section of 
this report. 
Attended 13 public meetings, included the Martinez State 
of the City event. 
Hosted an Open House attended by over 100 people, with 
15,000 invitations mailed with project information.
Directly engaged with approximately 430 people, 
including key community stakeholders, 
industry leaders and businesses.
37

Investing in Our People
Utilizing our existing Martinez industrial 
site for this investment in renewable 
fuels manufacturing allowed us to 
repurpose infrastructure and retain, 
retrain and redeploy talent, where 
possible.  
Construction work at the facility is being 
done through local building trades with 
which we have had long relationships. 
This work is anticipated to continue 
through completion of the project in late 
2023. Contract workers, including skilled 
craftspeople, contribute to the project 
alongside MPC employees. As was the 
case when the facility operated as a 
refinery, MPC continues to utilize union 
labor as the operator of the renewable 
fuels facility. 
We invest in our people to ensure those 
performing construction and operations 
at the site are fully trained to safely 
perform their duties. While the skills 
and protocols required for this facility 
are closely related to those needed for 
hydrocarbon refining, new processes 
necessitate upskilling. Console 
operators, for example, undertake four 
full days (32 hours) of focused simulator 
training to obtain mastery of the new 
process. 
Additionally, all newly hired operators 
receive comprehensive training 
and must successfully complete 
rigorous qualifications. This includes 
an assessment to demonstrate 
knowledge of process hazards, a 
drawing assessment to demonstrate 
knowledge of ﬂows and schemes, 
and a skills assessment with field 
testing to demonstrate knowledge of 
operating fundamentals, core operating 
procedures and sampling protocols. 
Operators who previously worked at the 
facility and have been rehired after more 
than 18 months away also receive these 
trainings and assessments to reskill. 
“When the indefinite idling of the 
facility happened, it was a relief 
for me to know that the company 
was doing things to help people. 
I can even remember attending 
the employee career fair that the 
company helped put together when 
my future was uncertain. Ultimately, 
I was fortunate and retained. 
Honestly, I was a little surprised. 
For me, it just meant that someone 
believed in me. I stepped up into 
a big role as a shift foreman, and I 
had the opportunity to prove myself. 
From there, I moved on to an even 
bigger position as an operations 
excellence specialist. 
My new job is training and retaining 
operators for our renewable fuels 
facility. The site has changed so 
much that it doesn’t matter if they 
are new employees or some of 
the recalled employees who were 
separated during the idling. It 
doesn’t matter who they are, or what 
they did previously, it is my job to 
help them see the change and the 
progress we are making toward a 
long-term, successful site for our 
company and employees.”
OLUBUKAYO “AYO” WACHUKU 
Operations Excellence Specialist
At the time of idling, Ayo 
was a newly promoted shift 
supervisor. Since then, she 
was selected to help run 
the terminal facility and 
has since been promoted 
to operations excellence 
specialist. 
Martinez Journey 
701
employees at time of 
idling 
26%
employees retained and/
or transferred to another 
facility at time of idling
~176
current employees
81%
of 2022 hires are rehires 
(from prior workforce)
~200
approved total 
headcount to support  
the site
11.3 years
average employee 
tenure
~6 million
anticipated total project 
work hours (inclusive of 
all phases)
~2,000
contractors on-site 
during peak construction 
in October 2022
1,000+
contractors working to 
advance Phase 2
0.15 
total recordable  
incident rate
~67% 
of work hours completed
38

$9 billion
spent with 13,600+ suppliers in 20221
MPC and MPLX are committed to a diverse and inclusive 
supply base, one that is reﬂective of the communities 
where we live and operate. Our Supplier Diversity program 
enables us to support partnerships with diverse suppliers 
across our operations, and we are committed to providing 
equal and impartial opportunities to meet business needs. 
This approach stimulates local economic development 
and enhances our long-term business performance by 
attracting qualified suppliers of goods and services and 
fostering market competition and sustainability. 
We actively participate in various organizations and 
development programs that support the advancement of 
diverse businesses in the U.S. By participating in these 
organizations and programs, we provide diverse suppliers 
with education and tools to support their growth and 
success in the energy industry. 
We are proud to be active members of many councils 
and programs, including but not limited to:
 ɦ National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC)
 ɦ National LGBT Chamber of Commerce (NGLCC)
 ɦ Women’s Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC)
 ɦ American Petroleum Institute Supplier Diversity Task 
Force 
$700 million+ 
spent with diverse suppliers in 2022
79% 
increase in annual diverse 
supplier spend since 2019 
Managing Supplier Risk
Our commitment to sustainability is embedded in our strategic 
planning, daily operations and key processes, which help 
mitigate and manage supplier risk. 
As we experience more ﬂuid and challenging supply chain 
landscapes, it is imperative to have a supply chain that is 
adaptable, agile and able to quickly respond to local, national 
and global events. MPC and MPLX strive to effectively consider 
risk when making strategic and operational decisions that 
will allow for the continuity of goods and services required to 
support our operations. Through programs governing supplier 
engagement, employee education, supplier selection, Supplier 
Code of Conduct and supplier diversity, we continue to improve 
our business practices to better manage and mitigate risks 
inherent in our supply chain. 
In 2022, we conducted a comprehensive assessment of our 
supplier risk management program. During this assessment, 
we evaluated our supplier risk management processes, 
identified gaps and prioritized opportunities for improvement. 
Our commitment is to enhance our supplier risk management 
program by addressing the most value-added improvement 
opportunities and implementing processes that mitigate risk 
more effectively. 
Supplier Engagement
Strong partnerships with our suppliers are critical to operating 
in a safe and reliable manner. We rely on suppliers to provide 
essential goods and services, align with our core values and 
drive superior results. 
Each year, we recognize suppliers for outstanding performance in 
alignment with our core values through our Supplier Recognition 
Awards program. In 2022, a total of 10 awards were given in 
the following categories: Exceptional Partnership, Innovative 
Partnership, Sustainability Partnership, Diverse Supplier of the Y ear 
and Supplier of the Y ear. 
2022 NON-U.S. SPEND BY COUNTRY 1
(non-U.S. spend %)
Supplier Code of Conduct
Our Supplier Code of Conduct details expectations of supplier 
standards and work practices. How we conduct ourselves is 
as important as the results achieved; as such, we expect our 
suppliers to comply with environmental, social and governance 
requirements, and also adhere to our policies, procedures, Code 
of Business Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct and apply 
them to how they do business. 
4,300+ 
hours of supply chain 
sustainability-related 
training in 2022
Employee Education
Supply chain personnel are trained on sustainable procurement 
topics, which enables each employee to proactively manage 
and minimize risk through supplier selection, contracting and 
compliance assurance. 
Trainings focus on:
 ɦ  Health, safety and 
environmental issues
 ɦ Compliance and ethics
 ɦ Diversity
 ɦ Human rights
 ɦ Supplier Code of Conduct
Supplier Selection 
Process
Our supplier selection process manages risk within our supply 
chain. Through this valuable process, potential suppliers are 
evaluated against key safety metrics and programs. Between the 
use of predominantly U.S. domestic suppliers bound by U.S. laws 
and regulations and focused vetting of international suppliers, 
our strategic procurement decisions reduce supplier risks related 
to personnel safety, environmental protection and human rights. 
We strive to partner with suppliers that are dedicated to high 
safety, ethical and quality standards; committed to sustainability; 
offer innovative, value-added capabilities; and value diversity, 
superior technology, cost and service advantages. 
No significant changes to our Tier 1 suppliers occurred in 
2022 that would cause or contribute to significant economic, 
environmental or social impacts.
Supplier Diversity
We provide an Integrity Helpline and encourage suppliers to 
anonymously report suspected unethical or illegal acts. As a 
precondition to participating in our standard bidding process, 
potential suppliers must first acknowledge and accept the 
Supplier Code of Conduct. Additionally, we communicate 
with suppliers annually, reiterating their responsibilities and 
accountabilities to conduct their business in accordance with our 
Supplier Code of Conduct and Code of Business Conduct. 
The Supplier Code of Conduct emphasizes expectations of 
suppliers in the areas of: 
 ɦ Environmental, health, safety and security 
 ɦ Compliance assurance 
 ɦ Conﬂict minerals 
 ɦ Conﬂicts of interest 
 ɦ Diversity 
 ɦ Human rights 
 ɦ Legal and ethical compliance 
 ɦ Reporting unethical or illegal acts 
Since 2021, approximately 90 of our Tier 1 critical suppliers 
have participated in our ESG assessment. This assessment 
evaluates supplier ESG performance and compliance with the 
Supplier Code of Conduct. 
South Korea 30%
United Kingdom 20%
Spain 7%
Canada 16%
Ireland 10%
Italy 9%
Other2 8%
1  Excludes crude/feedstock purchases
2  “Other” category includes the following countries, each having spend of 2% or less: Australia, Belgium, 
Denmark, France, Hungary, Mexico, Netherlands and Switzerland.
39

10/11
independent directors with an independent 
chairman of the board
At year-end 2022, 10 of MPC’s 11 directors were 
independent as defined by New Y ork Stock Exchange 
guidelines.
5.7
years of tenure
At year-end 2022, the average tenure of directors was 
5.7 years.
100%
board meeting attendance
Each director attended 100% of board and 
assigned committee meetings in 2022. 
36% 
board diversity
At year-end 2022, 36% of directors were women 
and/or a racial/ethnic minority or Native American 
tribal member.
Accountable and Transparent Governance
Our Board of Directors
Our Board provides oversight for our company operations 
and activities, as well as our strategic direction, including ESG 
and sustainability objectives. The Board believes that MPC’s 
commitment to strong corporate governance benefits all our 
stakeholders, including our shareholders, employees, business 
partners, customers, communities, the government and others 
who have a stake in how we operate. Our directors bring a range 
of backgrounds, critical skills, perspectives and expertise to our 
Board. 
Senior 
Leadership
Risk 
Management
Corporate 
Governance
Finance &  
Accounting
Energy 
Industry Sustainability
Government, 
Legal & 
Regulatory
Abdulaziz F. Alkhayyal • • • • • •
Evan Bayh • • • • • •
Charles E. Bunch • • • • •
Jonathan Z. Cohen • • • • • • •
Edward G. Galante • • • • • •
Michael J. Hennigan • • • • • •
Kim K.W. Rucker • • • • • • •
Frank M. Semple • • • • • •
J. Michael Stice • • • • • •
John P. Surma • • • • • • •
Susan Tomasky • • • • • • •
Director Skills and Expertise
2022 Governance Highlights
Our Corporate Governance Principles emphasize the importance 
of diversity of director backgrounds and experiences and 
expressly affirm the Board’s commitment to actively seek 
women candidates and candidates of diverse ethnic and racial 
backgrounds as it recruits the most qualified directors with 
the requisite experience and skills. Since 2018, the Board has 
appointed six independent directors. Of these, three have 
been women, including two women of diverse ethnic/racial 
backgrounds.
We continuously look for ways to enhance our corporate 
governance, and in 2023, we revised our Corporate Governance 
Principles to affirmatively state the Board’s policy on director 
commitments.
Pictured: Front row (left to right): Evan Bayh, Edward G. Galante, Michael J. Hennigan, Charles E. Bunch.  
Back row (left to right): Frank M. Semple, Abdulaziz F. Alkhayyal, Kim K.W. Rucker, John P. Surma, Jonathan Z. Cohen, J. Michael Stice, Susan Tomasky
40

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
MPC EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM
Sustainability is embedded across executive committees with 
responsibility for sustainability strategies and standards
 ɦ External Policy Committee
 ɦ HES&S Management Committee
 ɦ Enterprise Risk Management Committee
 ɦ Strategic Steering Committee
LEADERSHIP TEAM
Drives sustainability strategies across the enterprise
 ɦ ESG and Sustainability Working Group
 ɦ HES&S Planning Committee
 ɦ Renewables & Low Carbon Strategy Council
CROSS-FUNCTIONAL TEAMS
Implement key sustainability strategies, programs and 
plans
 ɦ Environmental Justice Team
 ɦ Renewables Compliance Governance Committee
 ɦ Embedding and Communicating ESG Team
 ɦ Focus on Water Team
 ɦ Focus on Energy Team
Audit  
Committee
Responsibilities and Oversight:
 ɦ Oversees risks associated 
with financial, financial 
reporting and accounting 
matters
 ɦ Monitors compliance with 
regulatory requirements and 
internal control systems
 ɦ Oversees our enterprise risk 
management process and 
reviews performance
 ɦ Reviews ESG and climate 
risk disclosures within 
the financial reporting 
framework
 ɦ Oversees business 
continuity, data privacy and 
cybersecurity risks
Compensation and Organization 
Development Committee
Responsibilities and Oversight:
 ɦ Oversees risks associated with 
our compensation programs, 
plans and policies to ensure 
they do not encourage 
excessive risk-taking
 ɦ Oversees our management 
succession planning process 
and our human capital 
management strategies 
and policies, including DE&I 
initiatives
 ɦ Oversees stakeholder 
engagement on compensation 
and human capital management 
matters
Corporate Governance and 
Nominating Committee
Responsibilities and Oversight:
 ɦ Oversees risks associated 
with corporate governance 
matters, including 
director independence, 
Board composition and 
succession, and Board 
effectiveness
 ɦ Oversees the evaluation of 
the Board, its committees 
and individual directors
 ɦ Oversees stakeholder 
engagement on corporate 
governance matters 
Sustainability and Public Policy 
Committee
Responsibilities and Oversight:
 ɦ Oversees risks and 
opportunities associated with 
sustainability, ESG and public 
policy matters 
 ɦ Reviews our sustainability and 
climate reports and other key 
sustainability disclosures 
 ɦ Oversees establishment of our 
sustainability targets 
 ɦ Oversees governance 
framework and budgets for 
our political contributions and 
lobbying expenditures 
 ɦ Oversees stakeholder 
engagement related to 
sustainability, ESG and public 
policy matters
Sustainability Governance
Collaboration and communication among the Board, its 
committees and MPC leadership are critical to maintaining our 
aligned direction on sustainability matters. Our corporate impacts, 
risks and opportunities are identified and managed by company 
leadership with oversight from our Board. The Board, which 
has the ultimate responsibility for and is actively engaged in, 
overseeing risk: 
 ɦ Reviews strategic risks annually at a designated strategy 
meeting and on an ongoing basis throughout the year. 
 ɦ Delegates responsibility for managing certain types of risk to its 
committees, which report regularly to the Board on activities in 
their individual areas of oversight.
Key Corporate Governance Practices
Our key corporate governance practices include:
 ɦ Board independence and leadership
 — 10 of 11 directors are independent
 — Strong independent Chairman role reinforces effective 
independent leadership on the Board
 — Three fully independent standing Board committees
 ɦ Director elections
 — Majority voting standard for uncontested director elections
 — Demonstrated commitment to Board diversity
 — Directors not elected by a majority of votes cast are subject 
to the Board’s resignation policy
 ɦ Board practices
 — Risk oversight by the full Board and its committees
 — Independent directors meet regularly in executive session
 — Annual Board and committee self-evaluations and individual 
evaluations of nominees for reelection
 ɦ Shareholder rights and engagement
 — Shareholder right to call a special meeting of shareholders
 — Shareholder right to submit director nominations for 
inclusion in our proxy statement
 — Robust shareholder engagement program
 ɦ ESG accountability
 — Strong oversight by the Board and its four standing 
committees
 — Industry-leading disclosures on environmental targets and 
performance
 — Extensive human capital management disclosures, 
including EEO-1 data 
41

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Oversight of Risk Management
ERM COMMITTEE
Directs ERM process for identifying, assessing and managing enterprise risk 
Monitors the performance of risk mitigation strategies
EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM
Establishes and drives ERM strategies
ERM COMMUNITY OF PRACTICE
Supports ERM Committee to develop, standardize and integrate risk 
management best practices throughout the company
Operational Excellence Management System
As set forth in our policies, standards and procedures and 
managed through our Operational Excellence Management 
System (OEMS), we strive to conduct business safely, responsibly 
and cost effectively. Our OEMS helps us manage risks, internal 
and external requirements, engage with our stakeholders and 
further deliver on our sustainability objectives. 
We began formalizing our OEMS over 20 years ago with 
adherence to the Responsible Care® management system 
(RC14001®). RC14001® is built on the globally recognized ISO 
14001 environmental management system and includes health, 
safety and security requirements. The scope of our OEMS 
expands beyond RC14001® and aligns with ISO 9001, which 
incorporates quality and an increased focus on a process 
approach and stakeholder engagement.
Continual Improvement through OEMS
Our OEMS outlines the requirements that will enable us to 
achieve our goals, improve our performance and lead to 
long-term success. It provides an iterative process and tools 
to continually improve the work we do through maintaining 
operational discipline and speaking up with ideas and concerns.
We apply performance-based standards that complement 
our OEMS and establish organizational expectations. We also 
periodically review and update these standards to reﬂect 
changes in laws or regulations, incorporate recommendations 
arising from audits and incident investigations, integrate 
stakeholder feedback and continually improve our performance.
OEMS Governance
The Health, Environment, Safety and Security 
(HES&S) Management Committee, comprising 
executive leadership team members, oversees 
the companywide implementation of our OEMS.
Companywide OEMS Tools 
and Resources 
 ɦ OEMS Playbook – Published to further embed our 
OEMS across the company and provide employees with 
resources that support continual improvement and risk 
management. 
 To view our OEMS Playbook please visit our website.
 ɦ OEMS Center of Excellence – A companywide forum 
for employees to share best practices and lessons 
learned and promote continual improvement. The forum 
includes approximately 40 employees tasked with 
ensuring management system approaches across MPC 
and MPLX align with the OEMS framework. They also 
develop attestation audit recommendations, engage 
in collaborative audit conversations and create OEMS 
awareness training and content for use companywide.
 ɦ OEMS Awareness Videos – Created for use 
companywide to improve employee awareness and 
understanding of the OEMS framework and structured 
continual improvement process. 
 ɦ Employee Feedback – Employees are encouraged to 
provide MPC and MPLX with continual improvement and 
Community of Practice ideas by emailing sustainability@
marathonpetroleum.com.
100% 
of our operations are in 
scope of our OEMS, which 
has been third-party reviewed 
for alignment with RC14001® 
and ISO 9001.
Enterprise Risk Management
A comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program 
is applied across the company to identify, assess and manage 
enterprise-level risks and review the effectiveness of risk-
mitigation strategies. Enterprise-level risks cover environmental, 
social and governance risks and include topics such as climate 
change and compliance, as well as other social and governance 
risks as deemed appropriate. We describe additional risks in 
our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission.
Emerging Risk Identification
Our continuous and dynamic ERM process identifies emerging 
risks that may impact our ability to operate and allocate 
resources efficiently. The process involves a cross-functional 
review of potential enterprise-level risks, including risks related 
to sustainability. Our enterprise risk manager leads the process 
with quarterly leadership workshops that involve key leaders who 
are responsible for our sustainability priorities. Our risk analysis 
includes an examination of the causes and consequences 
of each enterprise-level risk, as well as the development of 
strategies to mitigate risks — imminent and potential — and 
position us to capitalize on new opportunities.
Climate-Related Risk Management
We carefully review, evaluate and manage climate-related risks 
and opportunities to enable us to adapt and strengthen our 
resiliency. These include both transitional and physical risks 
that we routinely discuss with the Board’s Sustainability and 
Public Policy Committee and executive and senior leadership 
committees.
  For more information on how we manage climate-related risks and 
opportunities and the role cross-functional committees play, please see Page 
6 of our annual Perspectives on Climate-Related Scenarios report.
Regulatory Risk Oversight
As part of our ERM process, our Board oversees risks related to 
the regulatory landscape. That includes emerging and proposed 
regulations related to issues that have the potential to impact 
our business, such as GHGs and other air emissions, water 
withdrawals and effluents, hazardous materials management, 
product specifications and employee health and safety.
Risk Governance
The ERM Community of Practice supports the ERM Committee 
and comprises mid-level risk and assurance representatives 
and subject-matter experts across our value chain. This group 
meets quarterly to discuss, develop, standardize and integrate 
risk management best practices while supporting risk-based 
decision-making.
Our Board of Directors and executive leadership team routinely 
review and discuss enterprise-level risks and strategies. The 
Board’s Audit Committee further reviews our ERM process and 
performance trends and oversees internal controls and audits to 
evaluate their effectiveness.
Material Risk Disclosure
Material risks to our company are disclosed in the Risk Factors 
section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly 
Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Categories of risk described in these reports 
include business and operational risks, financial risks, legal 
and regulatory risks, strategic transaction risks and general risk 
factors.
Role and Responsibilities
Audit 
Committee
Compensation 
and 
Organization 
Development 
Committee
Corporate 
Governance 
and Nominating 
Committee
Sustainability 
and Public 
Policy 
Committee
42

99.8% 
of MPC employees hired in 
2022 completed Code of 
Business Conduct Training
100% 
of all salaried MPC 
employees completed the 
Code of Business Conduct 
certification
MPC'S CHIEF COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Oversight of Compliance and Ethics
MPC and MPLX senior 
financial officers complete 
the Code of Ethics for 
Senior Financial Officers 
certification
BUSINESS INTEGRITY COMMITTEE
Promotes the effectiveness of enterprisewide 
Compliance and Ethics Program
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Charged with managing risks relating to legal 
compliance and business ethics
Compliance and Ethics
We are committed to conducting our business with the highest 
standards of integrity and ethical conduct, and in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations. Our Compliance and Ethics 
Program is designed to ensure all employees act legally and 
ethically, and that they are able to report concerns without fear of 
retaliation. 
Roles and Responsibilities
Code of Business Conduct
Our Code of Business Conduct is approved by the Board of 
Directors and based on the overarching principle that we always 
strive to do the right thing. The Code lays the foundation for 
good business decisions by defining expectations for ethical 
decision-making, accountability and responsibility. It focuses 
on the responsibility all employees have to the public, to 
shareholders, to our business partners, and our responsibilities 
under applicable law.
The Code requires that all employees must immediately report 
any suspected illegal or unethical conduct connected with the 
business of MPC or its affiliates. It also makes clear that retaliation 
against individuals is never acceptable.
The Code applies to:
 ɦ All MPC employees, including all employees of consolidated 
subsidiaries and MPC employees that provide services to 
MPLX.
 ɦ All officers and other senior executives of MPC and the general 
partner of MPLX.
 ɦ All members of the Boards of Directors of MPC and the general 
partner of MPLX.
CODE AUDITS AND COMPLIANCE
Our performance under the Code is audited annually. 
This audit includes specific testing of processes related to 
business expenses, conﬂicts of interest, employee disclosures, 
anticorruption compliance, insider trading, aircraft usage and 
officer business expense reports. Objectives in these categories 
are reviewed and tested by MPC’s Internal Audit organization in 
conjunction with other company organizations. 
Business partners — including suppliers, consultants and contract 
workers — are expected to act in a way that is consistent with the 
Code and applicable law, and to support effective compliance 
programs in their own organizations. Suppliers must also comply 
with our Supplier Code of Conduct. We communicate our 
expectations to these business partners annually. 
2022 Compliance and 
Ethics Highlights
CODE TRAINING AND CERTIFICATION
New employees take Code of Business Conduct training upon 
hire and must complete a questionnaire, which asks them to 
consider potential conﬂicts of interest as they begin employment. 
All employees complete Code of Business Conduct training 
every 24 months. Additionally, salaried employees complete an 
annual Code of Business Conduct Certification, which provides 
a mechanism to identify potential conﬂicts of interest or other 
potential violations of the Code. By completing the certification, 
employees acknowledge that they have read and understand 
the Code and have exercised best efforts to fully comply with it.
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers 
The chief executive officer, chief financial officer, controller, 
treasurer and other leaders performing similar roles at MPC 
and MPLX are subject to our Code of Ethics for Senior Financial 
Officers. This additional Code of Ethics affirms the principles of 
honesty, integrity and sound judgment that we expect of senior 
executives who are responsible for preparing and certifying our 
financial statements. 
All senior financial officers must complete an annual certification 
to certify that they have not acted in violation of the Code of 
Ethics. By completing this certification, they are committing to 
comply with the Code of Ethics on behalf of themselves and 
employees under their supervision. 
Anticorruption Program 
Our Anticorruption Program emphasizes our commitment to 
conducting our business and operations with the highest level 
of integrity everywhere we operate. All employees receive 
anticorruption education through the Code of Business Conduct 
training upon hire. Further, those with job functions identified 
as having greater corruption risk exposure receive additional 
training on a routine basis. We regularly review our Compliance 
and Ethics Program, and in 2023 we engaged a third party to 
review our anticorruption compliance program.
Compliance and Ethics Program Policies
   MPC provides key corporate policies that relate to our Compliance  
& Ethics Program on our website. 
 ɦ Anticorruption 
 ɦ Conﬂicts of Interest
 ɦ Equal Employment Opportunity
 ɦ Harassment and Appropriate Workplace Conduct
 ɦ Human Rights
 ɦ Whistleblowing
43

24/7 Anonymous Integrity Helpline
MPC’s Integrity Helpline enables employees, business partners, 
community members and others to ask questions or raise 
allegations related to workplace behavior or ethics. While all 
our employees are encouraged to speak with their immediate 
supervisors or Human Resources representative if they have 
questions or concerns related to ethics and the Code, the 
helpline is an additional avenue to do so anonymously. We 
maintain a no-retaliation policy and never permit a good-faith 
submission to be a cause for disciplinary action.
Our goal is to resolve all matters within 90 days. Where 
warranted, investigations may result in a change in policy or 
procedure, a determination that an allegation could not be 
substantiated or disciplinary action. Disciplinary levels generally 
range from coaching and counseling to more formal written 
warnings, suspension or even termination. In determining the 
appropriate response, we strive to balance consistent application 
with the weighing of specific facts and circumstances. Misconduct 
may also result in a lower performance rating and adversely 
impact an employee’s merit increase and bonus opportunity. 
Those contacting the 
Integrity Helpline with 
a report of misconduct  
can expect:
  To be given the opportunity to remain anonymous.
 To be assigned an investigator. 
  To be assigned an access code for checking case 
status and updates, and for communicating with our 
Business Integrity and Compliance representatives 
and investigators.
  The matter to be investigated in a manner and to 
the extent appropriate based on the nature of the 
allegation.
  The report to be handled promptly, discreetly and 
professionally with the identity of the reporter 
protected.
  To be contacted when the investigation is complete.
Allegation statistics are reported to the Audit Committee of the 
Board of Directors twice per year. In responding to any allegation 
of a violation of our Code of Business Conduct or the Code of 
Ethics for Senior Financial Officials, our Business Integrity and 
Compliance group has direct access to the Board chairman, 
chief executive officer, chief financial officer, vice president of 
Audit and the Board’s Audit Committee.
Political Contributions and Advocacy
We believe participating in the political 
process is an essential part of advancing the 
meaningful exchange of information and views 
on issues that affect our company and our 
stakeholders. 
MPC takes part in the political process in several ways, including 
lobbying, contributing to grassroots activity, advocacy on specific 
issues, participating in trade associations, supporting an active 
employee political action committee and, where lawful, directly 
supporting political candidates and ballot issues. 
All these activities are subject to oversight by our Board of 
Directors, Sustainability and Public Policy Committee, general 
counsel and senior vice president of Government Affairs and 
senior management.
Climate Policy
As it relates to climate change, our public policy engagement is 
guided by our commitment to sustainability. We support policies 
that complement this commitment and the investments that 
continue to transform our company. Recent examples of issue 
advocacy include policies that enable sustainable aviation fuel; 
carbon capture, utilization and storage; hydrogen, cellulosic and 
renewable diesel pathways; and carbon-reduction opportunities 
under the Renewable Fuel Standard Program.
Trade Associations
Taking part in trade associations is an important part of our 
role as an active member of our industry and the business 
communities in which we operate. Trade associations provide 
important ways for us to engage in the development of industry 
standards and practices and share advances in science and 
engineering that inform the best practices of the future.
When our trade associations engage on climate policy, we 
generally encourage them to take positions that are not 
inconsistent with our commitment to sustainability. 
  For more information on how we evaluate this expectation and for 
information on the climate positions of our trade associations, please visit our 
website.
Disclosures
We have continued to enhance our disclosures, reporting 
information for each of the past five years through our web-
based platform for the following:
 ɦ Federal lobbying disclosure, including a link to the Clerk 
of the U.S. House of Representatives database where our 
quarterly federal lobbying reports can be obtained via a search 
of “Marathon Petroleum” and expenses relating to federal 
lobbying activity.
 ɦ State lobbying disclosure, including a map showing the states 
where we have registered as an employer or principal of 
lobbyists, links to each state’s lobbying reporting site and an 
approximate total of state-reported lobbying expenditures.
 ɦ Employee political action committee reports showing federal- 
and state-level contributions.
 ɦ Corporate political contributions reports showing contributions 
made from company treasury funds.
 ɦ A report of trade associations (with dues of $50,000 or greater 
and that may engage in lobbying activities), the range of dues 
paid to each organization, as well as amounts attributable 
to federal lobbying or state and grassroots lobbying and 
advertising.
We also expanded our disclosures to include contributions 
to social welfare organizations for lobbying and/or advocacy 
purposes, beginning with 2022 contributions.
  For more information, please visit the Political Engagement page of our 
website.
24/7
44

98% 
of personnel completed 
cybersecurity awareness training
99% 
of email account holders 
received phishing simulations
Cybersecurity 
We manage cybersecurity risks by working continuously to 
protect our computer systems, data, assets, infrastructure and 
computing environments from threats — and to safeguard 
confidentiality, integrity and availability. We implement a 
comprehensive suite of policies, practices and standards that 
guide our teams on how to mitigate and manage these risks.
Our cybersecurity program aligns with the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology (NIST) – Cybersecurity Framework 
and relevant NIST publications, such as NIST SP 800-53 and 
NIST SP 800-82. The NIST Cybersecurity Framework helps 
companies develop a standardized model on which to build 
their information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) 
cybersecurity program and subsequently measure their maturity 
in this important area.
Threat Awareness and Prevention Training
We provide our personnel, both employees and contractors, 
with training to help them manage cybersecurity risks. Informed 
personnel use best practices and situational cybersecurity 
awareness to protect our information and critical systems from 
threats.
All personnel act as control agents for what comes into and goes 
out of both company networks and personal home networks. We 
only allow our secured devices to access our network remotely, 
since security on these personal networks is even more 
important given work-from-home arrangements.
We use a simulated phishing program to train and test corporate 
email account users on how to augment our hardware and 
software safeguards against this form of email-based cyberthreat. 
Users are shown how to identify and report phishing emails and, 
periodically, simulated phishing emails test users’ awareness 
of phishing attacks. Our phishing prevention program provides 
immediate feedback to users and notifies the individual’s 
management in the event of repeated failures. Management then 
takes appropriate actions, and additional training is issued.
Threat awareness and prevention training begins at the time 
of hiring and continues throughout each individual’s tenure, 
delivering training and materials across multiple channels.
Governance and Compliance
The Chief Information Security Officer is responsible for our 
cybersecurity program and provides routine briefings to the 
Board of Directors Audit Committee and the Board as a whole 
at least twice a year. The Audit Committee further reviews and 
provides input on our cyber and information security strategy.
Our Computer Security Policy governs cybersecurity efforts 
and supports compliance with legal requirements. The policy 
is implemented through a governance process that includes 
standards, procedures, risk management, defense strategy and 
compliance reviews.
Cybersecurity policies apply to MPC and MPLX entities, 
personnel and third parties that own, manage, administer, 
support, develop or work on company information systems 
and to all our computing environments, whether connected to 
or segregated from our corporate network. All personnel have 
access to our cybersecurity policies, and we emphasize policy 
awareness through training and supervisor engagement and 
implement policy compliance through a structured escalation 
program, if needed.
Our Code of Business Conduct further addresses protection of 
company assets, information systems, social media, business 
records retention and confidential information.
We actively monitor the regulatory landscape to ensure 
continued compliance with governmental cybersecurity 
regulations and orders specific to our industry. These include but 
are not limited to: 
 ɦ Transportation Security Administration Security  
Directive-02C 
 ɦ United States Coast Guard Maritime Transportation  
Security Act 
 ɦ North American Electric Reliability Corporation 
 ɦ Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards
Incident Preparedness  
and Response
Robust preparedness is essential to respond 
effectively should a cybersecurity breach occur. Our 
highly trained Cybersecurity Incident Response Team 
is ready to respond 24/7. We test our cybersecurity 
incident response procedures and business continuity 
plans at least annually, and conduct risk assessments, 
vulnerability analyses and targeted penetration testing 
throughout the year. Independent third parties audit, 
assess and test aspects of our IT and cybersecurity 
programs annually.
Cybersecurity Risks
TECHNOLOGY RISKS
We manage technology risks through a resilient system of 
layered defenses. We place security limits on physical access, 
segment business and operational networks, and align critical 
applications to strengthen resilience with additional layers of 
security.
Internal IT and OT controls allow us to detect security events by 
collecting and analyzing data in our centralized Cybersecurity 
Operations Center.
THIRD-PARTY RISKS
Using both internal and vendor-provided capabilities, we 
maintain a proactive, data-centric cybersecurity risk assessment 
and management program. As part of the approach, personnel 
are trained to report and escalate suspicious incidents and 
cyberthreats to our IT Service Desk. From there, threats are 
screened and escalated to our 24/7 Cybersecurity Operations 
Center for appropriate action. We continue to expand our due 
diligence capabilities in response to a changing cloud-computing 
landscape.
PRIVACY
Protecting all personal data is a priority. We are committed 
to complying with applicable privacy laws, as well as privacy 
regulations and safeguards that have been applied to our 
operations. MPC adheres to the Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standard, which provides requirements that protect 
payment card account data of our customers. A third-party 
assessor is annually engaged to assess compliance.
2022 Training Metrics
24/7
45

Appendix
47 About This Report
47 Performance Data
60 EEO-1 Report
60 Glossary
46

About This Report
MPC and MPLX’s 2022 Sustainability Report reﬂects our long-
standing commitment to transparency and accountability around 
the environmental, social and governance dimensions of our 
business. We have publicly reported on these matters since 
2011, and this report communicates our sustainability strategy 
and performance in reference to the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) metrics and Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI) Standards, as well as other recognized reporting 
frameworks. 
    Please visit the following websites for additional information on our 
sustainability priorities. 
MPC − marathonpetroleum.com/sustainability  
MPLX – mplx.com/sustainability
Reporting Frameworks 
SASB 
This report is informed by the oil and gas industry metrics from 
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards. 
GRI 
This report has been prepared with reference to the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sector Standard for Oil and Gas. 
IPIECA 
This report is consistent with International Petroleum Industry 
Environmental Conservation Association (Ipieca) Sustainability 
Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry (2020) and 
includes core reporting elements for each presented indicator. 
TCFD 
We annually publish a separate risk assessment report that 
follows guidelines set forth by the Financial Stability Board Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
  Click here for our latest Perspectives on Climate-Related Scenarios report. 
REPORTING FRAMEWORK CROSS-REFERENCE 
    See Reporting Framework Cross-Reference for mapping of our most 
significant reporting topics to SASB and GRI standards, as well as Ipieca 
indicators. See also our SASB and GRI tables provided separately on our 
website.  
Scope of Report 
The information and data in this report covers all MPC entities, 
including MPLX LP, for the calendar year 2022, unless otherwise 
indicated.  
Data Quality 
Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout the 
performance data table may not add up to the totals provided 
and percentages may not precisely reﬂect the rounded numbers. 
Prior year data may have been updated to reﬂect better data 
availability, consistency, etc. Data included has been reviewed 
by MPC’s Internal Audit organization. In addition, we engaged 
an independent third party, LRQA, to provide independent 
assurance of our Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 - Category 
11 GHG emissions and Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 
intensity data. 
  Click here to view the external assurance statement from LRQA relating to 
our GHG data. 
Company Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Economic Performance(1)
Sales and Other Operating Revenue $ millions - 201-1a.i - 96,504 123,949 69,779 119,983 177,453
Income from Operations $ millions - - - 5,571 5,576 (12,247) 4,300 21,469
Net Income Attributable to MPC $ millions - 201-1a.iii - 2,780 2,637 (9,826) 9,738 14,516
Capital Expenditures and Investments (excludes acquisitions) $ millions - - - 4,304 6,133 2,754 1,815 2,788
Environmental Expenditures (capital and expense)(2)(3) $ millions - - - 957 1,213 630 991 1,226
Operational Performance(4)
MPC Manufacturing Inputs                         million boe - - - 1,717 1,817 1,627 1,682 1,741
Refining Manufacturing Inputs                      million boe EM-RM-000.A - - 1,111 1,142 940 1,012 1,068
MPLX Gas Plant Manufacturing Inputs                    million boe - - - 605 675 687 670 673
Crude Oil Refining Capacity                    thousand bpcd EM-RM-000.B - - 3,021 3,067 2,874 2,887 2,898
Natural Gas Gathering Volumes                  million cubic feet per day EM-MD-000.A - - - 5,967 5,331 5,131 5,684
MPLX Crude and Refined Products Transported                    thousand bpd - - - - 5,114 4,712 5,453 5,660
MPLX Crude Oil Transported                   thousand bpd EM-MD-000.A - - - 3,228 2,998 3,380 3,549
MPLX Refined Products Transported                  thousand bpd EM-MD-000.A - - - 1,886 1,714 2,073 2,111
Total Addressable Market for Advanced Biofuels and Associated Infrastructure         $ billions EM-RM-410a.2 - - - 2.8 3.7 8.4 10.2
Market Share of Total Addressable Market for Advanced Biofuels and Associated Infrastructure(5)         % EM-RM-410a.2 - - - 2 2 5 4.5
Performance Data
47

Environmental Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Greenhouse Gas Emissions(4)(6)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions                     million tonnes CO2e - - CCE-4 - C1 45.2 45.0 40.2 39.9 40.4
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Intensity (excludes GHG associated with exported power from cogen)       tonnes CO2e/mboe input - 305-4a CCE-4 - C4 25.3 23.8 23.7 22.9 22.4
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG Intensity Reduction Since 2014                   % - 305-5a – -15 -21 -21 -23 -25
Total Scope 1 GHG Emissions(7)(8) million tonnes CO2e - 305-1a CCE-4 - C1 37.0 36.8 32.2 33.0 33.7
Total Scope 1 CO2 Emissions                    million tonnes CO2 - - CCE-4 - C1 36.2 35.9 31.3 32.2 33.1
Total Scope 1 CH4 Emissions                   thousand tonnes CH4 - - CCE-4 - C1 29 31.7 32.7 23.5 22.8
Total Scope 1 N2O Emissions                   thousand tonnes N2O - - CCE-4 - C1 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2
Total Scope 1 SF6 and Tracer Emissions                tonnes SF6 and tracer - - CCE-4 - C1 2 1 0 9 0
Refining Scope 1 GHG Emissions                      million tonnes CO2e EM-RM-110a.1 - CCE-4 - C3 31.6 31.0 26.7 27.5 28.3
Refining Scope 1 GHG Covered by Emissions-limiting Regulation(9)                      % EM-RM-110a.1 - - 28 27 25 23 23
MPLX Scope 1 GHG Emissions(10) million tonnes CO2e EM-MD-110a.1 - CCE-4 - C3 5.4 5.7 5.4 5.5 5.4
MPLX Scope 1 GHG Emissions from Methane (CO2e basis)              % EM-MD-110a.1 - - 11 11 13 8 8
MPLX Scope 1 GHG Covered by Emissions-limiting Regulation              % EM-MD-110a.1 - - - < 2 < 2 < 1 <1
MPLX G&P Scope 1 Methane Emissions Intensity                    % - - - 0.026 0.026 0.029 0.020 0.018
Total Scope 2 GHG Emissions(11) million tonnes CO2e - 305-2a CCE-4 - C2 8.2 8.2 8.0 6.9 6.7
Refining Scope 2 GHG Emissions                  million tonnes CO2e - - CCE-4 - C3 3.9 4.0 3.8 3.5 3.4
MPLX Scope 2 GHG Emissions(10) million tonnes CO2e - - CCE-4 - C3 3.8 3.8 3.8 3.3 3.3
Scope 3 - Category 11: Use of Sold Products - Refinery Yield Method          million tonnes CO2e - 305-3a CCE-4 - A2 - 426 352 379 404
Energy Consumption(4)(6)
Total Energy Consumption billion gj - 302-1a CCE-6 - C1 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6
Refining Energy Consumption billion gj - - - 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.5
MPLX G&P Energy Consumption billion gj - - - 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
Energy Intensity gj/boe - 302-3a CCE-6 - A2 0.4 0.3 0.3 0.4 0.3
Refining Energy Intensity gj/boe - - CCE-6 - A2 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.4
MPLX G&P Energy Intensity gj/boe - - CCE-6 - A2 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.2
Energy Consumption Purchased/Produced by Renewable Sources million gj - 302-1b CCE-6 - C2 - - 6.1 5.4 6.1
Energy Consumption Purchased/Produced by Combined Heat and Power million gj - 302-1c CCE-6 - C2 - - - 58 55
Energy Consumption Purchased/Produced by Combined Cycle Gas Turbine million gj - 302-1c CCE-6 - C2 - - - 9.1 9.5
Avoided Energy Consumption from Efficiency Efforts million gj - 302-4a - 20 18 13 19 20
Air Emissions(4)(6)
Total Criteria Pollutant Emissions thousand tonnes - - - 54.0 50.3 43.9 43.7 43.1
Total SOx Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.ii ENV-5 - C1 3.5 3.3 2.5 2.8 2.7
Total NOx Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.i ENV-5 - C1 19.6 17.9 14.8 15.2 15.4
48

Air Emissions (continued) (4)(6)
Total CO Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.vii ENV-5 - A1 11.4 10.8 9.7 9.9 9.5
Total VOC Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.iv ENV-5 - C1 16.0 15.0 14.1 13.1 12.6
Total PM10 Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.vi ENV-5 - A1 3.5 3.4 2.9 2.7 2.9
Total Criteria Pollutant Emissions Intensity tonnes/million boe - - - 31.4 27.7 27.0 26.0 24.8
Refining Criteria Pollutant Emissions thousand tonnes - - ENV-5 - A3 33.2 32.8 28.8 29.9 30.4
Refining SOx Emissions thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 3.4 3.2 2.4 2.7 2.6
Refining NOx Emissions thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 11.8 11.9 10.0 10.6 10.8
Refining CO Emissions thousand tonnes - - ENV-5 - A3 7.7 7.6 7.0 7.3 7.3
Refining VOC Emissions thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 7.4 7.3 6.9 6.9 7.2
Refining PM10 Emissions thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 2.9 2.8 2.5 2.3 2.5
Refining H2S Emissions(12) thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - - 0.08 0.09 0.08 0.06 0.06
Refining Criteria Pollutant Emissions from Flaring thousand tonnes - - - 2.6 2.5 2.1 2.9 3.2
Refining Criteria Pollutant Emissions Intensity tonnes/million boe - - ENV-5 - A3 29.8 28.7 30.6 29.5 28.5
Hazardous Air Pollutant Emissions(12) thousand tonnes - 305-7a.v - 1.0 0.9 0.9 1.0 1.2
Number of Refineries in or Near Areas of Dense Population count EM-RM-120a.2 - - - 12 12 12 12
MPLX Criteria Pollutant Emissions(10) thousand tonnes - - ENV-5 - A3 20.8 17.4 15.1 13.9 12.7
MPLX SOx Emissions thousand tonnes EM-MD-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
MPLX NOx Emissions thousand tonnes EM-MD-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 7.8 5.9 4.8 4.6 4.6
MPLX CO Emissions thousand tonnes - - ENV-5 - A3 3.7 3.2 2.7 2.6 2.3
MPLX VOC Emissions thousand tonnes EM-MD-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 8.7 7.7 7.1 6.2 5.4
MPLX PM10 Emissions thousand tonnes EM-MD-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.4 0.4
Water(4)(6)
Total Water Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a - 158,823 162,831 145,269 140,181 144,400
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.i ENV-1 - C1 155,301 157,379 139,036 135,057 133,736
Other water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.ii ENV-1 - A4 3,522 5,452 6,234 5,124 10,664
Surface Water Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a.i - 86,133 87,693 79,001 77,123 77,303
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.i - 86,133 87,693 78,999 77,123 77,303
Groundwater Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a.ii - 20,647 21,496 22,861 25,103 25,819
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.i - 17,521 17,338 17,883 21,502 18,502
Seawater Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a.iii - 0 87 75 73 59
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.ii - 0 87 75 73 59
Third-Party Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a.v - 52,044 53,555 43,331 37,532 40,467
Environmental Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
49

Water (continued) (4)(6)
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.i - 51,648 52,348 42,153 36,432 37,931
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.ii - 396 1,207 1,178 1,101 2,536
Total Freshwater Recycled megaliters - - ENV-1 - A5 7,669 9,167 26,055 27,766 30,648
Refining Freshwater Withdrawal megaliters EM-RM-140a.1 - - 153,518 155,697 137,420 134,495 132,786
Refining Freshwater Recycled(13) % EM-RM-140a.1 - - 5 6 19 21 23
Refining Freshwater Withdrawal in High Baseline Water Stress Areas as Percentage of Total Freshwater Withdrawal % EM-RM-140a.1 - - 27 26 23 23 21
Refining Freshwater Consumed in High Baseline Water Stress Areas as Percentage of Total Freshwater Consumed % EM-RM-140a.1 - - 31 27 24 25 18
Refining Total Water Consumption megaliters - 303-5a - 74,356 74,661 63,540 62,811 66,590
Total Water Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-3b ENV-1 - C4 44,636 44,069 37,135 34,576 36,567
Surface Water Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-3b.i - 0 0 0 0 1
Groundwater Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-3b.ii - 11,212 11,911 13,931 15,989 17,426
Third-Party Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-3b.v - 33,424 32,158 23,203 18,587 19,122
Total Freshwater Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters 41,510 39,911 32,157 30,975 27,858
Total Freshwater Recycled in Stressed Areas megaliters - - - 5,781 5,267 15,173 16,404 16,895
Total Freshwater Recycled in Stressed Areas % - - - 14 13 47 53 61
Total Freshwater Withdrawal Intensity megaliters/million boe - - ENV-1 - A2 90 87 85 80 77
Total Water Consumption megaliters - 303-5a ENV-1 - C2 75,443 76,299 64,784 63,178 67,269
Total Water Consumption in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-5b - 24,942 22,757 18,947 18,184 18,983
Total Water Consumption Intensity megaliters/million boe - - - 44 42 40 38 39
Total Water Discharge megaliters - 303-4a ENV-2 - A5 85,657 89,483 82,478 78,702 79,294
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i - 83,354 86,427 79,825 76,670 76,686
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 2,303 3,056 2,652 2,033 2,608
Surface Water Discharge megaliters - 303-4a.i ENV-2 - A6 51,819 52,047 49,453 48,710 46,871
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i ENV-2 - A5 51,819 52,047 49,404 48,710 46,867
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 0 0 49 0 4
Groundwater Discharge (includes deepwell injection) megaliters - 303-4a.ii ENV-2 - A6 2,276 2,951 1,993 1,699 2,162
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i - 0 32 2 3 0
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 2,276 2,919 1,991 1,696 2,162
Seawater Discharge megaliters - 303-4a.iii ENV-2 - A6 6,416 6,377 3,841 1,100 995
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i - 6,416 6,290 3,766 1,087 895
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 0 87 75 13 100
Third-Party Discharge megaliters - 303-4a.iv ENV-2 - A5 25,145 28,108 27,191 27,193 29,265
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i - 25,119 28,059 26,653 26,870 28,923
Environmental Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
50

Water (continued) (4)(6)
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 27 49 538 323 341
Total Water Discharge in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-4c ENV-2 - A7 19,694 21,312 18,188 16,392 17,583
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4c.i - 19,694 21,312 18,188 16,392 17,562
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4c.ii - 0 0 0 0 21
Seawater Discharge in Stressed Areas megaliters - - ENV-2 - A7 6,416 6,290 3,757 1,087 895
Third-Party Discharge in Stressed Areas megaliters - - ENV-2 - A7 13,278 15,022 14,431 15,303 16,676
Incidents of Noncompliance with Discharge Limits count - 303-4d.iii - - 92 92 59 25
Incidents of Noncompliance with Water Quality Permits, Standards and Regulations with Enforcement count EM-RM-140.a2 - - - 13 13 12 7
Waste(4)(6)(14)
Total Waste Generated                          thousand tonnes - 306-3.a - - 422 253 318 254
Hazardous Waste Generated                   thousand tonnes - 306-3.a - - 42 42 36 37
Nonhazardous Waste Generated                  thousand tonnes - 306-3.a - - 381 211 282 217
Total Waste Diverted from Disposal                      thousand tonnes - 306-4.a,b - - 119 69 90 40
Hazardous Waste Diverted from Disposal                thousand tonnes - 306-4.a - - 13 13 10 19
Hazardous Waste - Preparation for Reuse                thousand tonnes - 306-4.b.i - - 0 0 0 5
Hazardous Waste - Recycling                   thousand tonnes - 306-4.b.ii - - 13 13 10 14
Hazardous Waste - Other Recovery                  thousand tonnes - 306-4.b.iii - - 0 0 0 0
Nonhazardous Waste Diverted from Disposal                    thousand tonnes - 306-4.a,c - - 106 56 80 22
Nonhazardous Waste - Preparation for Reuse               thousand tonnes - 306-4.c.i - - 2 0 0 0
Nonhazardous Waste - Recycling                  thousand tonnes - 306-4.c.ii - - 104 56 80 21
Nonhazardous Waste - Other Recovery                 thousand tonnes - 306-4.c.iii - - 0 0 0 0
Total Waste Directed to Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-5.a - - 303 184 228 214
Hazardous Waste Directed to Disposal                  thousand tonnes - 306-5.a,b - - 29 29 26 18
Hazardous Waste - Incineration with Energy Recovery             thousand tonnes - 306-5.b.i - - 19 16 10 12
Hazardous Waste - Incineration without Energy Recovery             thousand tonnes - 306-5.b.ii - - 7 8 12 5
Hazardous Waste - Landfilling                    thousand tonnes - 306-5.b.iii - - 3 5 4 2
Hazardous Waste - Other Disposal                   thousand tonnes - 306-5.b.iv - - 0 0 0 0
Nonhazardous Waste Directed to Disposal                    thousand tonnes - 306-5.a,c - - 275 155 202 195
Nonhazardous Waste - Incineration with Energy Recovery             thousand tonnes - 306-5.c.i - - 21 20 13 6
Nonhazardous Waste - Incineration without Energy Recovery            thousand tonnes - 306-5.c.ii - - 1 0 1 1
Nonhazardous Waste - Landfilling                  thousand tonnes - 306-5.c.iii - - 253 135 188 188
Nonhazardous Waste - Other Disposal                  thousand tonnes - 306-5.c.iv - - 0 0 0 1
Environmental Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
51

Waste (continued) (4)(6)(14)
Refining Hazardous Waste Generated                       thousand tonnes EM-RM-150a.1 - - - 38 41 34 32
Refining Hazardous Waste Recycled                   % EM-RM-150a.1 - - - 34 31 25 43
Underground Storage Tanks (USTs)(15) count EM-RM-150a.2 - - - 15,872 15,753 298 298
UST Releases Requiring Cleanup                    count EM-RM-150a.2 - - - 32 80 0 0
UST Releases Requiring Cleanup in States with UST Financial Assurance Funds         % EM-RM-150a.2 - - - 47 85 0 0
Spills(4)(6)
Hazardous Material Spilled >1 bbl - volume                       bbls - 306-3 - - 4,594 681 54,108 6,132
Hazardous Material Spills >1 bbl - count                   count - 306-3 - - 8 3 8 9
Total Oil Spilled >1 bbl - volume bbls - - ENV-6 - C2 3,680 5,446 1,003 5,493 6,668
Total Oil Spills >1 bbl - count                     count - - ENV-6 - C2 158 160 61 47 70
Oil Spilled to Land >1 bbl - volume                    bbls - - ENV-6 - A3 2,207 5,340 515 4,740 5,760
Oil Spills to Land >1 bbl - count                     count - - ENV-6 - A3 133 140 59 46 66
Oil Spilled to Water >1 bbl - volume                   bbls - - ENV-6 - A3 1,473 106 488 753 908
Oil Spills to Water >1 bbl - count                    count - - ENV-6 - A3 25 20 2 1 4
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled >1 bbl - volume                      bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - 2,232 855 2,748 5,506
MPLX Hydrocarbon Spills >1 bbl - count                   count EM-MD-160a.4 - - - 41 34 26 47
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled to Land >1 bbl - volume               bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - 2,127 293 1,995 4,606
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled to Water >1 bbl - volume                bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - 105 488 753 901
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled in Arctic >1 bbl - volume                bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - 0 0 0 0
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled in Unusually Sensitive Areas >1 bbl - volume(16)                 bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - 0 0 0 3,500
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled Recovered >1 bbl - volume               bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - 2,140 781 2,528 4,558
Reportable Pipeline Incidents                      count EM-MD-540a.1 - - - 14 12 14 11
Reportable Pipeline Incidents - Significant                   % EM-MD-540a.1 - - - 28.6 33 50 55
Rail Transportation Accident Releases                   count EM-MD-540a.3 - - - 0 0 0 0
Rail Transportation Non-Accident Releases                   count EM-MD-540a.3 - - - 5 6 3 6
Natural Gas Pipelines Inspected(17) % EM-MD-540a.2 - - - 22.9 11 12 9.9
Hazardous Liquid Pipelines Inspected(17) % EM-MD-540a.2 - - - 26.7 23.7 34.0 32.1
Designated Environmental Incidents (DEIs)(18)
Number of Tier 2, 3 and 4 DEIs count - - - 228 228 151 166 187
Tier 2 DEIs count - - - 93 143 101 111 135
Tier 3 and 4 DEIs count - - - 135 85 50 55 52
Ecological Impacts
Wildlife Habitat Council Certified Habitats Owned and Maintained            count - - - 23 23 22 20 16
Environmental Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
52

Ecological Impacts (continued)
Acres of Wildlife Habitat Council Certified Habitats Owned and Maintained          acres - - - 1,347 1,317 1,313 1,183 817
Land Owned, Leased, and/or Operated within Areas of Protected Conservation Status or Endangered 
Species Habitat(19) % EM-MD-160a.2 304-1 - - - 23 21 19
Terrestrial Acreage Disturbed(20)   acres EM-MD-160a.3 - - - 3,294 4,644 7,328 1,565
Impacted Areas Restored(21) % EM-MD-160a.3 304-3 - - 100 92 100 117
Social Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Statistics (EEO-1 DATA)(22)
TOTAL EMPLOYEES
Total Minority Representation                           % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 23.1 22.6 23.0 23.8
Hispanic or Latino                        % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 12.3 12.5 12.5 13.0
Black or African American                      % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 4.8 4.8 4.9 5.0
Asian                          % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 3.1 2.8 2.9 3.0
American Indian or Alaskan Native                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 1.2 0.8 0.8 0.9
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0.3 0.3 0.4 0.4
Two or More Races                       % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 1.4 1.3 1.4 1.5
White                            % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 76.9 77.4 77.0 76.2
Women                                 % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 18.6 18.1 18.1 18.0
EXECUTIVE/SENIOR OFFICIALS AND MANAGERS
Total Minority Representation                           % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 3.2 3.8 4.0 0.0
Hispanic or Latino                        % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 3.2 3.8 4.0 0.0
Black or African American                      % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0 0 0 0.0
Asian                          % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0 0 0 0.0
American Indian or Alaskan Native                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0 0 0 0.0
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0 0 0 0.0
Two or More Races                       % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0 0 0 0.0
White                            % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 96.8 96.2 96.0 100.0
Women                                 % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 22.6 23.1 24.0 33.3
FIRST/MID-LEVEL OFFICIALS AND MANAGERS
Total Minority Representation                           % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 14.4 14.5 15.8 16.3
Hispanic or Latino                        % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 7.4 7.4 7.9 8.2
Black or African American                      % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 3 3.2 3.5 3.6
Asian                          % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 2 1.9 2.2 2.5
Environmental Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
53

U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission Statistics (EEO-1 DATA) (continued)
American Indian or Alaskan Native                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0.7 0.4 0.5 0.5
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.2
Two or More Races                       % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 1.1 1.2 1.4 1.3
White                            % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 85.6 85.5 84.2 83.7
Women                                 % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 12.9 14.2 16.0 14.9
PROFESSIONALS
Total Minority Representation                           % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 20.8 20.1 20.7 22.1
Hispanic or Latino                        % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 10.4 10.5 10.7 11.6
Black or African American                      % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 3.1 2.6 2.5 3.1
Asian                          % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 5.4 5.3 5.6 5.5
American Indian or Alaskan Native                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.3
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
Two or More Races                       % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 1.5 1.4 1.4 1.4
White                          % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 79.2 79.9 79.3 77.9
Women                                 % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 29.9 30.6 30.6 30.6
Workforce 
Total Workforce - All Employees count - 2-7 - 20,120 20,520 18,639 17,670 17,887
Total Workforce - Women                                                                                                                                % - 2-7, 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 19 19 18 18 18
Total Workforce - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups                                                                                                % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 22 23 23 23 24
Workforce - Full-Time Employment                                                                                                                  % - - - - 98 99 99 99
Workforce - Part-Time and Seasonal Employment count - - - - - - - 171
Employees by Age Group Baby Boomers                                                                                                           % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 23 20 16 14 12
Employees by Age Group Generation X                                                                                                             % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 42 42 43 43 42
Employees by Age Group Millennials                                                                                                                 % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 35 37 40 41 42
Employees by Age Group Generation Z                                                                                                             % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 0 1 1 2 4
Ratio of Permanent to Temporary Employees ratio - - - - - - - 103:1
Total Employee Turnover Rate % - - - - - - - 10
Voluntary Employee Turnover Rate % - - - - - - - 8.5
Average Y ears Employed by the Company for Men count - - - - - - - 10
Average Y ears Employed by the Company for Women count - - - - - - - 10
Open Positions Filled by Internal Candidates % - - - - - - - 39.3
Minimum Wage - Lowest Entry Level Wage $ - - - - - - - 16.34
Unionized Employees - All Employees                                                                                                                count - 2-30a - 4,780 4,650 4,081 3,824 3,787
Employees with Disability (self-reported)                                                                                                           % - - - - - - - 4
Social Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
54

Workforce (continued)
Board of Directors
Board of Directors - Women                      % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 17 17 17 17 18
Board of Directors - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups                % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 25 25 25 33 27
Board of Directors by Age Group Baby Boomers                % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 83 83 83 82
Board of Directors by Age Group Generation X                 % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 17 17 17 18
Officers
Officers - Women                       % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 21 22 25 27 28
Officers - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups                   % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 4 4 5 5 0
Officers by Age Group Baby Boomers                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 67 55 41 39
Officers by Age Group Generation X                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 29 40 50 56
Officers by Age Group Millennials                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 4 5 9 6
All Senior Management                           count - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 134 127 148 168
Senior Management - Women                     % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 15 17 21 23 24
Senior Management - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups               % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 9 9 11 12 11
Senior Management by Age Group Baby Boomers                 % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 31 22 15 14
Senior Management by Age Group Generation X                % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 67 75 77 77
Senior Management by Age Group Millennials                  % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 2 3 8 9
All Supervisors                               count - - SOC-5 - C3 - 2,581 2,449 2,254 2,326
Supervisors - Women                       % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 18 17 17 16
Supervisors - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups                 % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 14 15 16 17
Supervisors by Age Group Baby Boomers                   % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 22 15 13 10
Supervisors by Age Group Generation X                  % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 54 56 56 55
Supervisors by Age Group Millennials                    % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 24 29 31 35
Total Hires - All Employees                          count - 401-1 - 2,650 2,750 1,590 1,366 2,306
Total Hires - Women                        % - 401-1 - 24 25 27 23 22
Total Hires - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups                  % - 401-1 - 19 21 25 32 31
Total Hires by Age Group Baby Boomer                  % - 401-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 7 3 5 4
Total Hires by Age Group Generation X                   % - 401-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 23 17 22 20
Total Hires by Age Group Millennials                   % - 401-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 49 41 42 48
Total Hires by Age Group Generation Z                   % - 401-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 21 39 31 28
Intern/Co-op Hires - Total                           count - - SOC-5 - C3 519 529 545 296 366
Intern/Co-op Hires - Women                      % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 36 35 35 36 36
Intern/Co-op Hires - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups                % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 24 25 24 25 28
Social Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
55

Workforce (continued)
Interns by Age Group Millennials                     % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 24 10 7 7
Interns by Age Group Generation Z                   % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 76 90 93 93
Intern to Employee Conversions - Total                        count - - SOC-7 - A2 119 136 139 51 71
Intern to Employee Conversions - Women                   % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 35 32 47 35 39
Intern to Employee Conversions - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups             % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 20 19 15 24 11
Intern to Employee Conversions by Age Group Baby Boomer             % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - 1 0 0 0
Intern to Employee Conversions by Age Group Generation X              % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - 1 0 0 0
Intern to Employee Conversions by Age Group Millennials              % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - 80 62 18 7
Intern to Employee Conversions by Age Group Generation Z              % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - 18 38 82 93
Community Investment(23)
Community Investment Dollars $ million - - SOC-13 - C2 21.7 18.7 13 21 23.2
Nonprofits Supported count - - - 921 534 937 956 1,013
Schools Supported count - - - - 128 123 150 138
Employee Donations to Nonprofits $ million - - - 3.35 5.6 4.61 4.1 4.2
Employee Volunteer Hours hours - - - 43,765 55,525 44,433 57,522 87,076
Corporate Sponsorships, Local Giving, Company Matching Gifts, Disaster Relief $ million - - - - - 10.1 9.0 9
Focused, Long-Term Investments and Employee Volunteer Program $ million - - - - - 2.9 11.4 11.4
Commercial Initiatives $ million - - - - - 2.1 1.5 1.7
Value of Employee Volunteer Hours During Working Hours(24) $ thousand - - - - - - 119 60
Community Investment Overhead $ million - - - - - 1.6 1.7 2.2
Rights of Indigenous Peoples
Operations Where Indigenous Communities are Present count - OG-9 - - 13 14 21 21
Number of Significant Disputes with Local and Indigenous Peoples count 411-1 OG-10 - - 0 0 0 0
Operations Where Involuntary Resettlement Took Place with Indigenous Communities count 411-1 OG-12 SOC-11 - 0 0 0 0
Supply Chain
Supply Chain Spend (excluding crude/feedstock purchases) $ billion - - - - 19.7 15 7 9
Diverse Supplier Spend (excluding crude/feedstock purchases) $ million - - - - 395 277 575 708
Social Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
56

Safety Performance Unit of measure SASB  
Map
GRI  
Map
Ipieca  
Map
Result 
2018
Result  
2019
Result  
2020
Result  
2021
Result  
2022
Personal Safety Performance(25)
TOTAL COUNT OF SAFETY INCIDENTS
Refining count - - - 78 86 54 66 72
Employee count - - - 25 37 20 29 37
Contractor count - - - 53 49 34 37 35
MPLX count - - - 130 139 113 101 111
Employee count - - - 34 76 80 91 94
Contractor count - - - 96 63 33 10 17
FATALITIES(26)
Total Company - Fatalities count - - SHS-3 - C1 2 0 1 0 1
Employee count - - SHS-3 - C1 1 0 0 0 1
Contractor count - - SHS-3 - C1 1 0 1 0 0
Total Company - Fatality Rate per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.002 0.000 0.002 0.000 0.003
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked EM-RM-320a.1 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.002 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.005
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked EM-RM-320a.1 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.004 0.000 0.005 0.000 0.000
OSHA RECORDABLE INCIDENT RATE(27)
Total Company per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.43 0.42 0.39 0.51 0.51
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.26 0.47 0.45 0.60 0.69
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.58 0.38 0.33 0.36 0.31
Refining per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.27 0.28 0.22 0.34 0.31
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked EM-RM-320a.1 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.20 0.29 0.18 0.30 0.38
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked EM-RM-320a.1 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.32 0.27 0.27 0.39 0.26
MPLX per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.76 0.71 0.74 0.94 1.07
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.45 0.95 0.98 1.25 1.33
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 1.00 0.55 0.46 0.29 0.50
LOST TIME RATE(28)
Total Company per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.10 0.09 0.10 0.15 0.15
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.10 0.11 0.15 0.19 0.24
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.10 0.07 0.04 0.08 0.05
Refining per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.04 0.05 0.04 0.08 0.07
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.07 0.07 0.05 0.08 0.15
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.02 0.03 0.03 0.07 0.02
MPLX per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.20 0.17 0.22 0.33 0.35
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.19 0.22 0.34 0.43 0.45
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.21 0.14 0.07 0.12 0.12
57

Personal Safety Performance (continued)
TOTAL COUNT OF HEALTH ILLNESSES(29)
Total Company count - 403-10 - - 0 36 27 0
Process Safety Performance
PROCESS SAFETY EVENTS SCORE(30)
Total Company (3 x total Tier 1 count) + total Tier 2 count - - - 120 127 77 84 109
Refining (3 x total Tier 1 count) + total Tier 2 count - - - 90 92 49 67 91
MPLX (3 x total Tier 1 count) + total Tier 2 count - - - 30 35 28 17 18
PROCESS SAFETY EVENTS RATE - TIER 1
Total Company (total Tier 1 count/total work hrs) × 200,000 - OG-13 SHS-6 - C1 0.07 0.04 0.06 0.08 0.10
Refining (total Tier 1 count/total work hrs) × 200,000 EM-RM-540a.1 OG-13 SHS-6 - C1 0.05 0.04 0.04 0.06 0.09
MPLX (total Tier 1 count/total work hrs) × 200,000 - OG-13 SHS-6 - C1 0.18 0.06 0.19 0.24 0.25
PROCESS SAFETY EVENTS RATE - TIER 2
Total Company (total Tier 2 count/total work hrs) × 200,000 - OG-13 SHS-6 - C1 0.17 0.19 0.11 0.17 0.15
Refining (total Tier 2 count/total work hrs) × 200,000 EM-RM-540a.1 OG-13 SHS-6 - A1 0.16 0.18 0.08 0.16 0.14
MPLX (total Tier 2 count/total work hrs) × 200,000 - OG-13 SHS-6 - A1 0.30 0.24 0.38 0.30 0.37
Governance Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Governance
Board Composition - Independent Directors                   % - 2-9 GOV-1 - A1 - 92 92 92 91
Board Composition - Independent Directors count - 2-9 GOV-1 - A1 - 11 11 11 10
Board Composition - Board Diversity (women + ethnic minorities)              % - 2-9, 405-1 GOV-1 - A1 - 33 33 42 36
Board Composition - Women count - 2-9, 405-1 GOV-1 - A1 - 2 2 2 2
Board Composition - Ethnic Minorities count - 2-9, 405-1 GOV-1 - A1 - 3 3 4 3
Board Experience - Significant Refreshment Since 2017               % - - GOV-1 - A1 - 50 50 50 55
Total Amount of $ Losses from Legal Proceedings Associated with Federal Pipeline and 
Storage Regulations $ million EM-MD-520a.1 - - - 0 1.29 8.47 0.06
Total Amount of $ Losses from Legal Proceedings Associated with Price Gouging,  
Price Fixing or Price Manipulation(31) $ million EM-RM-520a.1 206-1 - - 22.5 0 0 0
Cybersecurity
MPC Email Account Holders Receiving Phishing Simulations count - - - - 32,000 36,228 23,236 22,786
MPC Email Account Holders Receiving Phishing Simulations % - - - - 100 100 99 99
Safety Performance Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
58

Notes
(1)  As reported in the MPC 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2022 data. On May 14, 
2021, MPC completed the sale of Speedway to 7-Eleven, Inc. As a result of this sale, 
Speedway’s results are reported separately as discontinued operations. Previous years’ 
data is as reported in the MPC 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(2)   Based on the American Petroleum Institute’s definition of environmental expenditures.
(3)   These amounts include spending charged against remediation reserves, where 
permissible, but exclude noncash provisions recorded for environmental remediation.
(4)  Data before 2019 is inclusive of facilities that MPC did not yet own so that performance 
can be compared across the same asset base over time. Assets included are those that 
MPC owned/operated as of Dec. 31, 2019, unless otherwise noted. Estimates used in 
some instances where historic data was unavailable.
(5)  No significant difference between total addressable market and market MPC serves. 
Nonrevenue generating initiatives to commercialize biofuels.
MPC has participated in numerous precompetitive research projects around biofuels, 
including:
• Coordinating Research Council − nonprofit organization that directs engineering and 
environmental studies on the interaction between automotive/other mobility equipment 
and petroleum products.
• U.S. DRIVE Fuels Working Group − researching higher levels of biofuels into gasolines. 
U.S. DRIVE is a voluntary government-industry partnership focused on advanced 
automotive and related energy infrastructure technology research and development.
Virent collaborates with many key industry and government partners around advanced 
biofuels:
• Synthesized Aromatic Kerosene (SAK) − working with key partners such as the Federal 
Aviation Administration, University of Dayton Research Institute, Air Force Research 
Laboratory, GE Aviation, ASTM and others on the production and certification of SAK 
for use as a sustainable aviation fuel.
• Renewable Gasoline − working with key partners such as Southwest Research Institute, 
Johnson Matthey and Cargill on the production and distribution of renewable gasoline.
• Distillate Fuels from Biomass − working with the University of Colorado-Boulder in 
partnership with the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and Royal Dutch Shell on 
the production of distillate fuels from woody biomass.
• Conversion Process for Lignocellulosic Feedstocks − Virent’s BioForming 
technology’s current focus is on using sugars from commercial crops to enable faster 
commercialization of advanced biofuels, such as renewable gasoline, SAK and diesel 
blendstocks, and to provide a pathway for commercializing conversion processes 
for lignocellulosic feedstocks and cellulosic sugars. Current and prior development 
activities include work with a number of industry and government partners developing 
cellulosic sugar technologies, as well as the development of Virent’s proprietary 
lignocellulosic conversion technology under competitive grant awards from the 
U.S. DOE, USDA, DOT and Commerce and in collaboration with various national 
laboratories, universities and Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
(6)  Environmental performance reported for facilities of which MPC and MPLX has 
operational control.
(7)  Scope 1 direct GHG emissions include those from Refining and MPLX and are typically 
calculated per the EPA’s Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program , the World 
Resources Institute / World Business Council for Sustainable Development Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol: A corporate accounting and reporting standard, revised edition, or the 
2009 API Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodologies for the Oil and 
Natural Gas Industry. Global Warming Potentials used are from Table A-1 to Subpart A of 
40 CFR Part 98 as of February 2022.
(8)  Inclusive of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), and sulfur 
hexaﬂuoride (SF6). Hydroﬂuorocarbons (HFC) and perﬂuorocarbons (PFC) emissions are 
considered to not be material to our operations and are therefore excluded.
(9)  The Martinez and Los Angeles facilities are currently subject to the California Cap-and-
Trade Program.
(10)  MPLX emissions data includes emissions from all midstream facilities and, as such, a 
small amount of MPLX reported emissions are from MPC-owned midstream facilities.
(11)  Location-based Scope 2 emissions that include indirect GHG emissions from 
consumption of purchased electricity, heat or steam.
(12)  As reported in the Toxic Release Inventory (TRI) Program.
(13)  2020 and 2021 water recycle data not comparable to prior years due to enhanced water 
accounting that arose from the Focus on Water program launched in 2020.
(14)  The legal or regulatory frameworks used to define hazardous waste and recycled 
hazardous waste is 40 CFR 260-261.
(15)  On May 14, 2021, MPC completed the sale of Speedway to 7-Eleven, Inc. As a result of 
this sale, UST data beginning in 2021 does not include Speedway.
(16)  Volume of spills in Unusually Sensitive Areas is inclusive of PHMSA-reportable spills only.
(17)  MPC and MPLX conform to inspection frequency requirements contained in 49 CFR 
192 and 195. Nonregulated pipelines are not included. For all years presented, 100% of 
regulated natural gas and hazardous pipeline inspections were completed as required.
(18)  DEIs include releases to the environment (air, land or water), environmental permit 
exceedances and agency enforcement actions. Tier 3 and 4 DEIs are the most significant 
types of DEIs. DEI performance is only inclusive of assets/entities that MPC and MPLX 
owned in the reporting year. 
(19)  The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) Protected Areas Database v.2.1 is the nation’s official 
inventory of public open space and private protected areas and was used to determine 
areas of protected conservation status. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) Critical 
Habitat, U.S. FWS National Wildlife Refuge and U.S. Endangered Species Habitat data 
sets were used to determine areas of endangered species habitat. As MPC’s and 
MPLX’s operations are limited to the U.S., these two data sets are appropriate for the 
evaluation of this metric in place of the references suggested in the standard. As of the 
end of 2022, 26,029 acres out of 134,749 total acres owned, leased and/or operated 
were located within areas of protected conservation status or endangered species 
habitat.
(20)  Includes land impacted during the reporting year. For years 2018-2021, disturbed land 
was defined as requiring regulatory review and subsequent permitting (1 acre or greater) 
OR identified within an otherwise environmentally sensitive area. Beginning in 2022, 
disturbed land now additionally includes land disturbance and restoration that exceeds 
or is otherwise not governed by regulatory review and subsequent permitting. Disturbed 
land does not include either (1) previously disturbed agricultural fields, (2) pipeline 
work on our current (previously disturbed) right of way, or (3) right-of-way maintenance 
vegetation clearing on previously disturbed land required by PHMSA to enable aerial 
pipeline inspections.
(21)  In 2022, more acreage was restored than disturbed due to the restoration of land 
disturbance projects that had taken place in previous reporting years.
(22)  Excludes international employees. Definitions for EEO-1 filings are different than internal 
MPC definitions (Executives, etc.). Federal reporting deadlines are later this year; MPC 
data not yet submitted. 
(23)  Includes Marathon Petroleum Foundation dollars.
(24)  Calculated using Independent Sector’s 2021 Estimated National Value of Volunteer Time.
(25)  To present comparable year-over-year data, the data presented for Count of Safety 
Incidents does not include COVID-19 cases that MPC conservatively recorded as 
work-related. Including these cases, 2020 and 2021 Refining Count of Employee Safety 
Incidents is 44 and 33, respectively. 2020 and 2021 MPLX Count of Employee Safety 
Incidents is 92 and 114, respectively. There were no COVID-19 related cases in 2022.
(26)  To present comparable year-over-year data, the data presented for Fatalities does not 
include COVID-19 cases that MPC conservatively recorded as work-related. Including 
these cases, 2020 Total Company Employee Fatalities is one and 2020 Total Company 
Employee Fatality Rate is 0.004. There were no work-related COVID-19 fatalities in 2021. 
There were no COVID-19 related cases in 2022.
(27)  To present comparable year-over-year data, the data presented for OSHA Recordable 
Incident Rate does not include COVID-19 cases that MPC conservatively recorded as 
work-related. Including these cases, 2020 and 2021 Total Company Employee OSHA 
Recordable Incident Rate is 0.60 and 0.74, respectively. 2020 and 2021 Refining 
Employee OSHA Recordable Incident Rate is 0.39 and 0.34, respectively. 2020 and 
2021 MPLX Employee OSHA Recordable Incident Rate is 1.13 and 1.57, respectively. 
There were no COVID-19 related cases in 2022.
(28)  To present comparable year-over-year data, the data presented for Lost Time Rate does 
not include COVID-19 cases that MPC conservatively recorded as work-related. Including 
these cases, 2020 and 2021 Total Company Lost Time Rate is 
0.31 and 0.33, respectively. 2020 and 2021 Refining Employee Days Away Rate is 0.26 
and 0.12, respectively. 2020 and 2021 MPLX Employee Days Away Rate is 0.49 and 0.74, 
respectively. There were no COVID-19 related cases in 2022.
(29)  Total Count of Health Illnesses include COVID-19 related health illnesses.
(30)  Process Safety Events Score measures MPC’s and MPLX’s ability to identify, understand 
and control certain process hazards, taking into account Tier 1 and Tier 2 events, with 
Tier 1 events multiplied by three to recognize their severity. 
(31)  In May 2007, the Kentucky attorney general filed a lawsuit against MPC and Speedway 
LLC in state court in Franklin County, Kentucky, for alleged violations of Kentucky’s 
emergency pricing and consumer protection laws following Hurricanes Katrina and Rita 
in 2005. The lawsuit alleged that we overcharged customers by $89 million USD during 
September and October 2005. The complaint sought disgorgement of these sums, as 
well as penalties, under Kentucky’s emergency pricing and consumer protection laws. 
In May 2011, the Kentucky attorney general amended his complaint to include a request 
for immediate injunctive relief, as well as unspecified damages and penalties related 
to our wholesale gasoline pricing in April and May 2011 under statewide price controls 
that were activated by the Kentucky governor on April 26, 2011, and which have since 
expired. The court denied the attorney general’s request for immediate injunctive relief. 
In July 2019, MPC and the attorney general reached a settlement to resolve this litigation, 
which included a payment of $22.5 million USD. We disputed the allegations made 
against us by the attorney general’s office and expressly denied any liability, wrongdoing 
or violation of the law. With this resolution, the attorney general’s office acknowledged 
no admission of liability or wrongdoing. Press releases on this settlement by both MPC 
and the Kentucky attorney general’s office can be found at https://ir.marathonpetroleum.
com/investor/news-releases/news-details/2019/Marathon-Petroleum-Corp-welcomes-
settlement-of-litigation-with-the-office-of-the-Attorney-General-of-the-Commonwealth-
of-Kentucky/default.aspx and https://kentucky.gov/Pages/Activity-stream.
aspx?n=AttorneyGeneral&prId=807, respectively. We recommended that settlement 
funds be used for the purpose of improving rural roads, navigable waterways and/or 
emergency management to mitigate the impact of weather events.
59

2022 EEO-1 Report
AFPM: American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers
API: American Petroleum Institute
BBL: Barrel — 42 U.S. gallons
BIOFUELS: Fuels that are produced from a biomass, meaning plant, algae material or animal 
waste. Since biomass feedstock material can be replenished readily, biofuels are considered 
to be a source of renewable energy.
BIPOC: Black, Indigenous and People of Color
BOE: Barrel of oil equivalent — a unit of energy based on the energy released by burning 
one barrel of crude oil or 5.8 million British thermal units.
BPCD: Barrels per calendar day — the average of how much crude oil or other feedstock 
a refinery processes over a period of time, divided by the number of days in that period, 
typically 365 days (a common rate measure for petroleum refineries).
BPD: Barrels per day 
CERT: Corporate Emergency Response Team — a highly trained group of MPC professionals 
across the company with nationally recognized response expertise.
CO2: Carbon dioxide
CO2E: Carbon dioxide equivalent — a common unit of measurement converting all 
greenhouse gases to carbon dioxide. MPC calculates CO2e emissions using the EPA factors 
identified in Table A-1 at 40 CFR Part 98.
COLLABORATIVE AUDITS: In-depth audits focused on compliance, conformance, OEMS 
alignment and process or program maturity
DEI: Designated Environmental Incident — a metric adopted by MPC and MPLX to capture 
several categories simultaneously. It includes releases to the environment (including to air, 
land or water), permit exceedances and agency enforcement actions. MPC and MPLX rank 
DEIs in terms of their severity, with Tier 4 being the most severe and Tier 1 being the least. 
Below are partial descriptions of the DEI Tiers:
TIER 4 
• Release of oil or other hazardous material onto the land greater than or equal to 1,000 
bbl 
• Release of oil or other hazardous material to a regulated water body greater than or 
equal to 100 bbl 
• Reportable release to air of a hazardous material greater than or equal to 100 times the 
reportable quantity 
TIER 3
• Release of oil or other hazardous material onto the land greater than or equal to 100 bbl 
but less than 1,000 bbl
• Release of oil or other hazardous material to a regulated water body greater than or 
equal to 10 bbl but less than 100 bbl
• Reportable release to air of a hazardous material greater than or equal to an established 
reportable quantity but less than 100 times the reportable quantity
TIER 2 
• Release of oil or other hazardous material onto the land greater than or equal to 10 bbl 
but less than 100 bbl 
• Safety system failure or bypass 
• Release of oil or other hazardous material into a regulated water body greater than or 
equal to 1 bbl but less than 10 bbl
• Release to air of a hazardous material greater than or equal to 80% of a reportable 
quantity but less than an established reportable quantity 
TIER 1 
• Release of oil or other hazardous material onto the land that is less than 10 bbl (if less 
than 1 bbl, release must also be reported)
ENERGY STAR®: A program of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recognizing energy 
efficiency. To achieve this status, applicants must perform in the top quartile for energy 
efficiency and have no unresolved environmental compliance actions from state or federal 
regulators.
EPA: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
ERM: Enterprise Risk Management
ESG: Environmental, social and governance
G&P: Gathering and Processing organization
GHG: Greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide and methane
GJ: Gigajoule — a measurement unit of energy. One gigajoule is roughly equivalent to 1 
million British thermal units.
GRI: Global Reporting Initiative 
HES&S: Health, Environment, Safety and Security 
ILTA: International Liquid Terminals Association
IPIECA: International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association 
ISO 9001: International Organization for Standardization’s quality management system criteria
LEARNING TEAMS: Sessions in which the team and facilitator discuss a specific task or an 
unplanned event to better understand the context of how the work is done
MPC: Marathon Petroleum Corporation
MPL: Marathon Pipe Line LLC — a wholly owned subsidiary of MPLX that specializes in 
operating pipelines, storage tanks and marine facilities.
MPLX: A diversified, large-cap master limited partnership formed by Marathon Petroleum 
Corporation that owns and operates midstream energy infrastructure and logistics assets and 
provides fuel distribution services.
OEMS: MPC’s Operational Excellence Management System — a framework used to manage 
work and achieve health, environmental, safety, security, product quality and sustainability 
goals in an intentional and continual manner.
OSHA: The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration
OSHA RECORDABLE INCIDENT: An injury or illness that results in any of the following: 
death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer to another job, medical treatment 
beyond first aid, loss of consciousness, or a significant injury or illness diagnosed by a 
physician or other licensed health care professional.
PSE: Process safety event — an unplanned or uncontrolled release of a material from a 
process. Tier 1 PSEs, which we report in this publication, are the most serious PSEs. Below are 
detailed descriptions of the PSE Tiers: 
TIER 1 
• Loss of primary containment (LOPC) exceeding Tier 1 threshold quantity 
• LOPC resulting in a fatality, lost time injury, community evacuation or shelter-in-place
• LOPC with fire or explosion damage > $100,000 
TIER 2 
• LOPC exceeding Tier 2 threshold quantity
• LOPC resulting in a recordable injury
• LOPC with fire or explosion damage > $2,500
RC14001®: A management system that combines Responsible Care with the globally 
recognized ISO 14001 environmental management system, established by the International 
Organization for Standardization.
RENEWABLE DIESEL: A fuel that is made from renewable biomass. Renewable diesel uses a 
hydrotreating process to produce the fuel, making it compatible with diesel engines.
SAFETY SENSITIVE SERVICES: Work performed at facilities owned, leased, operated or 
controlled by MPC and MPLX that may affect personal and process safety including but 
not limited to work on process equipment, work within a process boundary and work that 
involves Life Critical activities or other hazardous activities
SASB: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
SCF: Standard cubic feet - a volume of gas.
SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS: All direct greenhouse gas emissions by a company. This includes fuel 
combustion, company vehicles and fugitive emissions.
SCOPE 2 EMISSIONS: Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from consumption of purchased 
electricity, heat or steam.
SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS: Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions that occur in a company's 
value chain that are not captured by Scope 2.
SELF-AUDITS: Audits conducted by local level internal subject matter experts and are 
focused on compliance and conformance.
TONNE: Metric ton — 2,205 pounds
Glossary
HISPANIC OR  
LATINO
NOT-HISPANIC OR LATINO
OVERALL 
TOTALS
Male Female
JOB  
CATEGORIES Male Female White
Black or 
African 
American
Native 
Hawaiian 
or Pacific 
Islander
Asian
American 
Indian or 
Alaskan 
Native
Two or 
More 
Races
White
Black or 
African 
American
Native 
Hawaiian 
or Pacific 
Islander
Asian
Amer-
ican 
Indian or 
Alaskan 
Native
Two or 
More 
Races
Executive/
Senior 
Officials and 
Managers
0 0 12 0 0 0 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 18
First/Mid 
Officials  
and Managers
182 41 1,955 82 5 55 13 26 323 16 1 14 1 9 2,723
Professionals 419 220 3,035 122 3 197 7 54 1,271 51 2 108 11 26 5,526
Technicians 103 17 602 34 2 20 8 8 96 24 0 8 1 0 923
Sales Workers 4 1 50 1 0 1 0 0 20 1 0 0 0 2 80
Administrative 
Support 27 109 93 6 1 5 0 3 439 34 2 15 4 7 745
Craft Workers 238 1 1,220 53 14 26 26 18 12 0 0 0 1 0 1,609
Operatives 884 41 4,154 431 35 81 83 104 198 34 1 7 4 7 6,064
Laborers and 
Helpers 21 3 79 9 0 0 1 1 11 0 0 0 0 0 125
Service 
Workers 1 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 7
TOTAL 1,879 443 11,203 738 60 385 138 214 2,379 160 6 152 22 51 17,820
PREVIOUS 
REPORT 
TOTAL
1,783 431 11,223 721 55 373 126 188 2,398 145 7 147 19 54 17,670
  Click here to view our original 2022 EEO-1 consolidated report.
60

This publication contains forward-looking statements regarding Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) and MPLX LP (MPLX). These forward-
looking statements may relate to, among other things, our expectations, estimates and projections concerning its business and operations, financial 
priorities, strategic plans and initiatives, capital return plans, capital expenditure plans, operating cost reduction objectives, and environmental, social 
and governance (ESG) plans and goals. Forward-looking and other statements regarding our ESG plans and goals are not an indication that these 
statements are material to investors or are required to be disclosed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In the context of 
this disclosure, the term “material” is distinct from, and should not be confused with, such term as defined for SEC reporting purposes. Y ou can identify 
forward-looking statements by words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “commitment,” “could,” “design,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” 
“intend,” “may,” “objective,” “opportunity,” “outlook,” “plan,“ “policy,” “position,” “potential,” “predict,” “priority,” “project,” “prospective,” “pursue,” “seek,” 
“should,” “strategy,” “target,” “will,” “would” or other similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking 
statements in this document include those relating to our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions reduction targets, methane emissions reduction 
targets, freshwater withdrawal intensity reduction targets, Scope 33 - Category 11 GHG emissions reduction targets, expected timing of completion 
of projects, future market, industry and legislative conditions, future safety performance, DE&I targets and goals, future operating performance and 
management of future risks. We caution that these statements are based on management’s current knowledge and expectations and are subject 
to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the 
statements made herein. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied in the forward-looking statements include but 
are not limited to:  political or regulatory developments, including changes in governmental policies relating to refined petroleum products, crude oil, 
natural gas, NGLs, GHG emissions, or renewables, or taxation; the regional, national and worldwide demand for refined products, natural gas and 
renewables and related margins; the regional, national or worldwide availability and pricing of crude oil, natural gas, NGLs and other feedstocks and 
related pricing differentials; the success or timing of completion of ongoing or anticipated projects, including meeting the expected production rates 
for the projects within the expected timeframes, if at all; the timing and ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals and permits and to satisfy other 
conditions necessary to complete planned projects or to consummate planned transactions within the expected timeframes if at all; the availability of 
desirable strategic alternatives to optimize portfolio assets and the ability to obtain regulatory and other approvals with respect thereto; our ability to 
successfully implement our sustainable energy strategy and principles and achieve our ESG plans and goals within the expected timeframes, if at all; 
the occurrence of industrial accidents; changes in government incentives for emission-reduction products and technologies; the outcome of research 
and development efforts to create future technologies necessary to achieve our ESG plans and goals; our ability to scale projects and technologies 
on a commercially competitive basis; actions of competitors; changes in regional and global economic growth rates and consumer preferences, 
including consumer support for emission-reduction products and technology; our ability to identify and recruit diverse employee candidates; and the 
factors set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” in MPC’s and MPLX’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2022, and in other 
filings with the SEC. Copies of MPC’s SEC filings are available on the SEC website, MPC’s website at https://www.marathonpetroleum.com/Investors/ 
or by contacting MPC’s Investor Relations office. Copies of MPLX’s SEC filings are available on the SEC website, MPLX’s website at http://ir.mplx.com 
or by contacting MPLX’s Investor Relations office. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the applicable communication and we 
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement except to the extent required by applicable law. 
Neither future distribution of this material nor the continued availability of this material in archive form on our website should be deemed to constitute 
an update or re-affirmation of these figures or statements as of any future date. This publication is a shareholder-requested publication and is 
purposefully focused on unknown future events. This publication is not intended to communicate any material investment information. The statements 
and analysis in these documents represent a good faith effort to address these requests despite significant unknown variables.
Historical, current and forward-looking sustainability-related information and statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are 
still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. We caution that this 
information is approximate, these statements and information reﬂect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees of future performance, 
nor promises that our goals will be met, and are subject to numerous and evolving risks and uncertainties that we may not be able to predict or assess. 
In some cases, we may determine to adjust or abandon our commitments, targets or goals or establish new ones to reﬂect changes in our business, 
operations, or plans.  
Any reference to our support of a third-party organization within this publication does not constitute or imply an endorsement by us of any or all of the 
positions or activities of such organization. Any website references are included for convenience only and we assume no liability for third-party content 
contained on the referenced websites.