Navigating 
Complexity
A Client-Centric Approach 
to Sustainability
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

How we balance short-term needs 
with long-term ambitions.
How we help address challenges, 
close gaps and unlock opportunities 
to advance climate transition and 
drive inclusive growth.
It’s how we manage risk and create 
value for our clients, our firm, our 
shareholders and other stakeholders, 
moving forward.
In helping our clients 
navigate complexity, 
we focus on the how.
Cover: John Eleoterio and Cindy Quan 
of Goldman Sachs Sustainable Banking 
Group, a team delivering bespoke analytics, 
commercialization and capitalization solutions 
for clients focused on energy transition and 
on advancing their decarbonization goals 
and sustainability profiles.
Below: Emelda Mwamanga, CEO of the East 
Africa Bang Media House and Goldman Sachs 
10,000 Women (10KW) Fellow. Founded to 
advance the economic empowerment of women, 
10KW is the firm’s global initiative that provides 
women entrepreneurs around the world with 
business education, access to capital, mentoring 
and networking.
Page 2: A wind farm in Ninh Thuan Province, 
Vietnam. In partnership with Bloomberg 
Philanthropies and the Asian Development Bank, 
Goldman Sachs launched the Climate Innovation 
& Development Fund in 2021 to support 
sustainable low-carbon economic development 
with a focus on South and Southeast Asia.
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
1

Contents
3 Letter to Shareholders
5 Our Sustainable  
Finance Strategy
5 Key Milestones
6 Driving Long-Term Value
14 Opportunities with Our 
Clients and Partners
15 Supporting the Gray-to-Green Transition
25 Leveraging Our Expertise 
to Create Economic Opportunity
37 Mobilizing Private Capital for Innovation
45 Building Platforms to Scale
53 Advancing Emerging Opportunities —  
Circularity and Biodiversity
61 Developing Tools and Solutions to Drive 
Better Decision-Making and Outcomes
67 Driving Sustainability in Our Operations 
and Supply Chain
75 Governance
80 Key Metrics and Indicators
81 Environmental Indicators 86 SASB Index
85 Recognition
92 Sustainability Issuance Report 2022
2 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

The macro environment of 2022 laid bare the challenges of navigating 
the climate transition. Energy prices rose suddenly when Russia 
launched its invasion of Ukraine, and though prices later fell toward 
their pre-war levels, the lesson was clear: Low investment in energy 
infrastructure has left regions like Western Europe vulnerable to 
supply shocks. The war has focused the attention of governments and 
businesses alike on the need to balance short-term energy demands 
with long-term sustainability goals.
At the same time, an increase in inflation triggering a tightening of monetary policy has made business leaders more 
cautious in general. The economic outlook is still unclear, and in such a complicated environment, our clients are 
facing new questions about how to achieve their sustainability goals.
But that’s no reason to change course. At Goldman Sachs, we’ve long believed the transition to a more sustainable 
economy would be a decades-long effort; to advance that transition, more risk capital must be invested in 
developing new, clean technologies, especially for the highest-emitting sectors; and in solving such a complex 
problem lies enormous opportunity for our clients. For example, our Carbonomics  research team estimates that, 
to provide affordable energy while also pursuing decarbonization, the energy industry will need $1 trillion more in 
annual capital expenditures through 2026, compared to what it spent during the final years of the past decade.
And we’ve continued to help our clients capitalize on that opportunity. For example, in the area of climate transition, 
we advised Chevron on its acquisition of a renewable fuels producer and helped the lithium-ion battery-cell 
manufacturer KORE Power secure financing to build a gigafactory in Phoenix, Arizona.
We also have a long history of advancing inclusive growth. This year, we marked the 15th anniversary of our 
10,000 Women program, which has reached more than 200,000 women from over 150 countries. And our global 
finance facility, created in a remarkable partnership with the International Finance Corporation, has reached more 
than 164,000 women entrepreneurs and contributed to an over $4.5 billion increase in the volume of loans on-lent 
by financial institutions to women-owned businesses.
Fellow  
Shareholders:
Letter to 
Shareholders
3 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Building on what we’ve learned from 10,000 Women , we’ve continued to expand 
our entrepreneurship initiative 10,000 Small Businesses . In 2022, we committed 
to providing more than half the financing for New York City’s new $75 million small 
business loan fund. And, through our One Million Black Women  initiative, we’ve 
committed more than $2.1 billion of investment capital and more than $23 million 
in grant capital to 137 organizations as of March 31, 2023.
In just three years, we’ve achieved approximately 55% of our 10-year, $750 billion 
sustainable finance target, and the reason clients turn to us is our data-driven, 
pragmatic approach. We’ve heard time and again that one of the biggest challenges 
our clients face is finding decision-useful data to measure their progress on their 
sustainability goals, and that’s why we’re helping develop an open-source platform 
for climate data and analytical tools to help investors assess climate risk. We also 
offer our clients a Carbon Portfolio Analytics tool to help investors measure and 
manage their carbon emissions exposure across equities and credit portfolios.
Where our people also excel is innovation. We continue to develop new commercial 
expertise and capabilities, ranging from sustainability-linked bonds to our nature-
based solutions investment program designed with Apple and Conservation 
International. In every case, we take a One Goldman Sachs  approach, where we 
listen to our clients, assess their needs and then use the full range of our resources 
to help.
We apply the same metrics-driven mindset to how we manage our firm’s resources. 
We’ve long believed you can’t improve what you don’t measure, and in this year’s 
report, you’ll learn more about the progress we’ve made on our 2025 operational 
goals and our 2030 Sustainable Finance Commitment.
Because no one company can build a sustainable economy on its own, we’re 
also working with the public sector to address market gaps. To advance climate 
transition, for instance, we need a combination of thoughtful public policy, private 
sector engagement and capital market solutions. And, as of November 2022, our 
blended finance facility, the Climate Innovation and Development Fund, which 
we launched with Bloomberg Philanthropies & the Asian Development Bank in 
2021, completed its first two investments in sustainable transport projects in India 
and Vietnam.
And so, even though 2022 was challenging, I’m encouraged by how much our 
clients have accomplished. Our job, as we see it, is to help them achieve their 
objectives. And progress is never a straight line, but by helping our clients navigate 
such a complex environment, we aspire to be the world’s most exceptional financial 
institution, united by our shared values of partnership, client service, integrity 
and excellence.
 
David Solomon  
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Letter to Shareholders
… in solving such a complex problem lies 
enormous opportunity for our clients.”
Our Purpose
We aspire to 
be the world’s 
most exceptional 
financial institution, 
united by our 
shared values of 
partnership, client 
service, integrity 
and excellence.
4 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

~$425B ~$975M
~1,600
~$323B
>7,000$1.6B+
75
Our Sustainable  
Finance Strategy:
Key Milestones
FIRMWIDE SUSTAINABLE FINANCE MILESTONES
ADVANCING CLIMATE TRANSITION
DRIVING INCLUSIVE GROWTH
Sustainable finance activity 
since 2019
Individual clients used Marquee’s 
Carbon Portfolio Analytics tool
Number of women reached across 
150+ countries by 10,000 Women
of sustainability issuances,2 
including our second benchmark 
Sustainability Bond
Raised for Horizon Environment & 
Climate Solutions I3
Diverse board placements 
facilitated at client organizations 
through 2022
Assets under supervision (AUS) of 
environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) strategies managed by the firm
Number of public companies covered by 
GS SUSTAIN’s Climate Transition tool
One Million Black Women (OMBW) 
investment capital deployed since 
launch of program in 2021
WE HAVE ACHIEVED MEANINGFUL MILESTONES 
ACROSS A NUMBER OF KEY INITIATIVES:1 
200K+ ~$2B
1 As of December 31, 2022, unless otherwise specified.
2 Represents gross issuance size. Issuance size net of underwriting fees results in net proceeds of approximately $971 million. 
The Report of Independent Accountants, which appears in the 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report  on page 122 of this report, 
provides no assurance on allocations in excess of net proceeds.
3 As of January 10, 2023.
The transition to a low-carbon economy is complex and will take time. We continue to engage with clients in sectors, including energy, 
transport and heavy industry, that are crucial to helping ensure the inputs powering the economy remain available, affordable and reliable, 
until new, innovative technologies scale and come to market.
5 Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

We view sustainability as a driver of both risk to be managed and opportunity to 
be pursued.
We have always helped our clients address their challenges through our capital, 
advice and innovative solutions. Today, we are supporting the growing market 
demand for sustainable finance, helping clients to identify and capture opportunities 
with our capabilities. We also apply this discipline to our own business to help us 
better manage risk as a firm.
In a complex world, our sustainability strategy is 
straightforward: Manage risk and create value for 
our clients and our firm. 
Driving 
Long ‑Ter m  Va lue
Our Sustainable Finance Strategy
6 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

How Our Sustainable Finance 
Strategy Drives Long‑Term 
Value for Our Shareholders
Working with Clients
Our sustainability strategy is centered on how we can help our clients achieve their sustainability objectives.
We have developed and continue to refine our firmwide One Goldman Sachs commercial model that leverages 
the full depth and breadth of our franchise, with the goal of bringing the best of Goldman Sachs and our 
sustainable finance capabilities to our clients.
Managing Our Firm
We promote an inclusive workforce, providing our people with the tools, resources and support they 
need to serve our clients. To learn more, please see our People Strategy Report 2022, which will be 
published in the coming months.
Our people actively protect the value of our firm, taking care to manage our own global footprint. 
By extending our commitments and tending to our supply chain, we strive to lead through action to 
advance sustainable business outcomes over the long term.
Addressing Market Gaps
When we identify gaps in the marketplace, we seek to address them by leveraging our existing capabilities 
and those of our strategic partners. Our external partnerships and strategic philanthropy support our work 
with clients to develop innovative solutions that help solve for gaps in the marketplace.
Leveraging these partnerships ultimately creates synergies for our commercial offering. The lessons 
we learn further inform the development and execution of our sustainable finance capabilities and the 
solutions we bring to our clients and to markets.
Our Sustainable Finance Strategy → Driving Long-Term Value
1
2
3
7 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Our Sustainable  
Finance Framework
Grounded in over a decade of market research, client engagements and investing 
in sustainable solutions, our Sustainable Finance Framework is organized around 
two strategic priorities where we expect to have the greatest impact through our 
commercial work with clients and strategic partners —  advancing climate transition 
and driving inclusive growth. Underpinning these two strategic priorities are nine 
sub-themes, which help us prioritize how we develop and refine our sustainable 
finance capabilities to help support both current and future client demand. 
Clean Energy
Enable renewable energy generation, energy 
efficiency and grid services.
Sustainable Transport
Shift modes of transit through electric vehicles, 
connected services, autonomous driving and 
public transportation development.
Sustainable Food and Agriculture
Enable green agricultural production, storage, 
processing and distribution to feed the world.
Waste and Materials
Promote sustainable production and consumption, 
along with responsible waste management.
Ecosystem Services
Contribute to the sustainable management of 
natural resources and monetize the value of forests, 
water and biodiversity. 
Accessible and  
Innovative Healthcare
Enable the use of digital technology, advanced 
devices and diagnostics for better outcomes.
Financial Inclusion
Advance financial inclusion for all, including 
underserved populations, by promoting access  
to capital, financial technology and products  
that increase access, support financial health  
and drive more equitable economic growth.
Accessible and  
Affordable Education
Enable greater access to education, improve 
learning outcomes and help close opportunity 
gaps for learners of all ages.
Communities
Enable infrastructure development, affordable 
housing and livelihood advancement.
Climate Transition Inclusive Growth
Our Sustainable Finance Strategy → Driving Long-Term Value
8 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

On Track to Deliver on  
Our $750 Billion Sustainable 
Finance Commitment
Aligned with our Sustainable Finance Framework, this firmwide 10-year, $750 billion commitment 
placed our sustainable finance strategy at the core of our financing, investing and advisory work 
with clients.
We have made significant progress over the first three years. Since setting our 10-year goal, 
we’ve achieved approximately $425 billion in commercial activity, including $215 billion in 
climate transition, $67 billion in inclusive growth and the remainder in multiple themes. This 
progress demonstrates the strength of our strategy and our ability to direct capital toward needed 
solutions to help our clients achieve their sustainability objectives.
Our work with BlocPower (as discussed on page 32) and KORE Power (as discussed on page 43) 
are examples of our sustainable finance activity. For more information on these examples and 
others, please see the Opportunities with Our Clients and Partners section of this report.
of 10-year commitment 
achieved in first three years
in Climate 
Transition
in Inclusive 
Growth
$750B~$425B
$215B $67B
Our Sustainable Finance Strategy → Driving Long-Term Value
~55%
The transition to a low-carbon economy is complex and will take time. We continue to engage with clients in sectors, including energy, 
transport and heavy industry, that are crucial to helping ensure the inputs powering the economy remain available, affordable and reliable, 
until new, innovative technologies scale and come to market.
 “We’re focused on delivering a holistic, market-based 
approach towards sustainability for our clients. From the 
energy transition to furthering inclusivity through business, 
the actions that we are taking today are aimed at creating 
jobs and opportunities that will empower others and allow 
our economy to reach its full potential.”
Dina Powell McCormick 
Global Head of Sustainability  
and Inclusive Growth
9 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Building Our Capabilities over Time
We have been helping our clients and partners achieve their sustainability objectives for more than two 
decades. In 2019, to meet increasing client demand, we increased the pace of our activity by embedding 
within our business segments sustainability-related expertise, which was increasingly becoming one of 
the core capabilities of our firm.
Our Sustainable Finance Strategy → Driving Long-Term Value
2001
2007
2009
2005
2008
2014
2019
2021
One of first US banks to develop an 
Environmental Policy Framework
Launch 10,000 Women, reaching 
over 200,000 women across 150 
countries since inception
10,000 Women and International Finance Corporation 
launch the Women Entrepreneurs Opportunity 
Facility (WEOF), reaching more than 164,000 women 
entrepreneurs and providing over $4.5B in loans to 
women-owned businesses since inception
Establish Sustainable Finance Group
Announce $750B by 2030  
Sustainable Finance Commitment
Launch Carbonomics, our flagship research series 
on the economics of reaching net zero
Issue $800M inaugural Goldman Sachs  
Benchmark Sustainability Bond
Launch One Million Black Women in  
partnership with Black women-led organizations  
and an advisory council of Black executives
Commit to align our business with  
a net zero by 2050 pathway
Launch Urban Investment Group,  
committing $14B to date
Launch GS SUSTAIN, which provides research 
and data tools to clients exploring how innovation, 
regulation and implementation of environmental, 
social and governance topics will impact sustainable 
investing and broader capital flows
Launch 10,000 Small Businesses, reaching 
more than 13,600 entrepreneurs in the US to 
date, representing a network of 245,000 total 
employees and $17B in total revenue
2015
2020
Reach carbon neutrality across operations 
and business travel
Acquire Imprint Capital Advisors
Announce Launch With GS  
Black and Latinx Cohort
Establish a board diversity and engagement  
team, facilitating 75 diverse board placements  
at client organizations since inception
Create Sustainable Investing Group and  
Commodities Sustainable Solutions
2022
Create Sustainable 
Banking Group and Net 
Zero Transition Solutions
Deploy ~$2B in investment 
capital for One Million 
Black Women
Achieve ~55% of 2030 
Sustainable Finance Commitment 
within first 3 years 
Acquire  
NN Investment 
Partners
10 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Our Sustainable Finance Strategy → Driving Long-Term Value
Driving Commercial Impact: 
Business Integration with 
Central Coordination
We execute our strategy through our core work with clients and deliver our sustainable finance capabilities 
through our strategically realigned business segments and One Goldman Sachs client delivery model.
The formal operationalization of our ambition was catalyzed in 2019, with the creation of our Sustainable Finance 
Group (SFG). This centralized team of sustainable finance professionals is part of the Executive Office. SFG is 
tasked with developing and driving the firm’s sustainability strategy and related efforts across Goldman Sachs, 
including engagement with the firm’s stakeholders on sustainable finance and sustainability-related policy 
and reporting, oversight of firmwide transactional environmental and social risk management, and supporting 
commercial efforts alongside our firm’s businesses.
In prior years, our businesses established Sustainability Councils to partner with our businesses, to guide and 
develop their sustainable finance capabilities to better serve their clients. These provisional Sustainability 
Councils served their purpose as an interim step, leading to our segments now embedding and incorporating 
One Goldman Sachs: Delivering the Firm’s Sustainable 
Finance Capabilities to Our Clients
Our sustainable finance capabilities and expertise are embedded in how we deliver value to our clients.
One 
Goldman  
Sachs
Delivery  
Model
Our 
Clients
Global Banking & Markets  (GBM) develops and maintains long-term 
relationships with a diverse, global group of institutional clients in the 
private and public sectors, and supports clients’ sustainability efforts 
through sustainability advisory, net zero transition solutions, a full suite 
of sustainable and transition capital (equity, debt, structured) and 
commodities sustainable solutions.
Global Banking 
& Markets
Asset & Wealth Management (AWM) provides investment services to both 
institutional and individual clients, with the goal of delivering sustainable 
finance solutions across a range of channels and asset classes.
Asset & Wealth 
Management
Platform Solutions  includes our Transaction Banking and platform 
businesses with sustainable finance capabilities, including ESG-linked 
transaction banking and other solutions.
Platform 
Solutions
Sustainable Finance Group
Global Investment Research  (GIR) 
• GS SUSTAIN research  • Carbonomics  research
Firmwide 
Resources
11 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

NN IP Integration
Our acquisition of NN Investment 
Partners (NN IP)1 has increased 
our assets under supervision (AUS) 
to approximately $2.5 trillion as of 
December 31, 2022, affirming our 
position as a top five active asset 
manager globally. The integration of 
NN IP into AWM has enhanced our 
ability to partner with clients as they 
pursue their ESG and sustainable 
investing goals. We are leveraging 
NN IP’s sustainable investing expertise 
along with our existing capabilities, 
strengthening how we integrate 
environmental, social and governance 
factors into our investment processes, 
broadening our product offerings and 
bolstering our capabilities to deliver 
for our clients on their sustainable 
investing priorities. 
sustainable finance through efforts like the Sustainable Banking Group and the 
acquisition of NN Investment Partners.
Today, our clients, from corporate issuers to asset owners and managers, turn to us  
for our sustainable finance capabilities, including tailored advice, innovation and execution 
across many transaction types. Through our One Goldman Sachs delivery model, we 
bring the best thinking and advice from across the firm to help our clients achieve their 
most important priorities.
This is how we have deepened our 
sustainable finance expertise and 
integrated it into our businesses —  not 
as an isolated group or stand-alone 
offering but as a centrally coordinated, 
commercially integrated approach to  
meet the growing, multifaceted needs  
of our clients and markets.
1 NN IP was rebranded to Goldman Sachs Asset Management on March 6, 2023.
12 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Our Sustainable Finance Strategy → Driving Long-Term Value

This report focuses on the how —  demonstrating how Goldman Sachs helps clients achieve their sustainability 
objectives. The proactive role we take in meeting the increasing demand for sustainable finance advice, tools 
and solutions helps us inform the market and develop new solutions to better support our clients. This is how we 
continue to deliver on our sustainable finance commitments that enable our clients to pursue their objectives and 
drive progress.
The pages that follow feature sets of opportunities we have helped become realities. You’ll learn about specific 
instances of how we are helping facilitate the gray-to-green transition, from our work with Chevron in its 
acquisition of a leader in biofuels to catalyzing public-private partnerships to help electrify bus systems in South 
and Southeast Asia. We also share our work to create economic opportunities —  from our flagship initiatives, 
including One Million Black Women and 10,000 Small Businesses, to our AIMS Imprint and Urban Investment 
Group businesses. In addition, we show how we are supporting different forms of capital to drive innovation, 
how we have supported and continue to support the scaling up of critical platforms to drive impact, how we are 
helping to advance the circular economy and preserve and restore biodiversity, and how Goldman Sachs’ tools 
and solutions help drive better-informed investment decision-making.
This is how we are helping our clients and partners 
prepare for and capitalize on opportunities to achieve 
their sustainability objectives.
Empowering Our Clients to 
Capitalize on Opportunities 
Our Sustainable Finance Strategy → Driving Long-Term Value
13 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Opportunities 
with Our Clients 
and Partners
We leverage our deep markets expertise and insights to support our clients’ 
sustainability objectives and to work with our partners to drive capital toward 
more sustainable solutions in the real economy. The way forward is not always 
clear, but our approach is: Turn challenges into opportunities.
Balancing short-term needs with long-term ambitions is a necessity. We work 
together with our clients and partners to originate and deliver insights, innovation 
and solutions.
Building Platforms 
to Scale
Leveraging Our Expertise 
to Create Economic Opportunity
Advancing Emerging 
Opportunities —  Circularity 
and Biodiversity
Mobilizing Private Capital 
for Innovation
Developing Tools and Solutions 
to Drive Better Decision-Making 
and Outcomes
Supporting the 
Gray-to-Green Transition
45
25
53
37
61
15
14 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Supporting the 
Gray‑to‑Green 
Transition
We acknowledge that the transition to a low-carbon economy is complex and will take 
time. As capital helps fundamental sectors move toward decarbonization, there will 
be trade-offs along the way. At Goldman Sachs, our approach to climate transition is 
pragmatic. Going from an emissions-intensive, gray economy to a green one will involve 
participation from today’s highest emitting companies. Supporting today’s hardest-to-
abate sectors, including energy, transport and heavy industry, is crucial to help ensure the 
inputs powering the economy remain affordable and reliable as market dynamics evolve 
and new, innovative technologies scale.
We are helping our clients advance their climate transition strategies. Here’s how.
$100–$150T
in cumulative investment 1 needed globally through 2050  
to keep the world on a path to limit temperature increase to  
1.5 degrees Centigrade above pre-industrial levels
78%
10%
12%
Electrification & Renewables
Efficiency & Circularity
Alternative Technologies
Opportunities with Our Clients and Partners 
In this chapter:
17 Chevron Acquires Leader in Biofuels
18 Enel First-Ever Sustainability-Linked Bond 
Linked to EU Taxonomy
19 Stabilizing Electricity Prices in Chile to Support 
Transition from Coal to Renewables
20 ESG-Linked Financing for the North American 
Development Bank
22 Monolith —  Scaling Up Production 
of Clean Hydrogen
23 Catalyzing Electrification of Critical Public 
Transit in India and Vietnam
1 BCG/GFMA: Climate Finance Markets and the Real Economy: Sizing the Global 
Need and Defining the Market Structure to Mobilize Capital , December 2020.
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
15

Enabling Hard-to-Abate 
Sectors to Transition
In our role as a leading financial 
institution, we work with our clients, 
including those in the highest-
emitting, hardest-to-abate sectors that 
remain critical to a well-functioning 
global economy. We support our 
energy clients in addressing today’s 
challenges so they can deliver secure, 
reliable energy in the near term —  
drawing on current gray sources, 
including oil and natural gas, to meet 
global demand —  while also investing 
in and allocating capital to greener, 
cleaner sources of energy.
Transitioning to a lower-carbon economy while maintaining 
affordability and reliability of energy supply —  going from gray to 
green —  is a systems-level challenge that requires systems-level 
solutions. This can be solved by building platforms across the value 
chain to design and deploy at speed and scale.
In the immediate near term, according to our Carbonomics research team, the energy 
industry will need to take on, compared to what it has spent in recent years, an 
additional $1 trillion in capital expenditures per annum through 2026.1
A successful transition will depend on a number of factors, including public investment, 
private investment and public–private partnerships. Our Sustainable Banking Group is 
actively pursuing decarbonization solutions across a wide range of industries. Through 
our data-driven insights, advice and capital, we partner with our clients to help  
them improve their carbon efficiencies and build more resilient businesses over  
the long term.
Aside from the capital required for the transition, there are still significant gaps in both 
scalable technology solutions and requisite policy support to achieve stated objectives. 
In addition to helping our clients allocate capital, we also invest our firm’s own capital to 
help drive new, early-stage technology development and deployment.
Addressing large gaps in the global ecosystem warrants engagement with strategic 
partners, both public and private, with complementary strengths and areas of focus. 
As examples in this report illustrate, we seek such partnerships where objectives align 
for long-term value creation and enduring impact at scale.
Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green
Supporting Our 
Clients in Going from 
Gray to Green
1 Goldman Sachs Research: Carbonomics: Affordability, Security and Innovation , 
November 2022.
 “Despite complex factors in today’s markets, our corporate clients 
continue to approach us for advice and bespoke solutions on how 
they can deliver on their decarbonization commitments to drive 
long-term value for their shareholders.”
John Greenwood 
Head of Sustainable Banking Group, Global Banking & Markets
16 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

CASE STUDY
Chevron Acquires 
Leader in Biofuels
4.2M
metric tons of carbon reduction 
delivered by REG in 2020, while 
producing 519 million gallons of 
biodiesel and renewable diesel1
Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green
Global energy leaders are charting their own paths to a lower-carbon economy.  
In June 2022, Chevron acquired Renewable Energy Group (REG), a leading innovator  
in the renewable fuels industry REG helped pioneer. The transaction created Renewable 
Fuels-REG, Chevron’s new renewable fuels business. The new business combines REG’s 
growing renewable fuels production, including 11 biorefineries across the US and Europe, 
and leading feedstock capabilities, with Chevron’s large manufacturing, distribution and 
commercial marketing position.
As Chevron’s financial advisor for this transaction, Goldman Sachs helped Chevron 
acquire a renewable fuels business that is expected to help expand its carbon solutions 
offering to customers and accelerate Chevron’s progress toward its goal to grow its 
renewable fuels production capacity to 100,000 barrels per day by 2030. 
1 REG: Renewable Energy Group Reports Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Financial Results , 2021.
 “REG was a founder  
of the renewable fuels 
industry and has been 
a leading innovator ever 
since. Together, we  
can grow more quickly 
and efficiently than  
either business could  
on its own.”
Mike Wirth
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer,  
Chevron
17 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Managing Through Complexity
2022 served as a reminder of the fragility of global supply chains and the nonlinear 
path of emissions reduction. The market dynamics related to global climate transition 
remain complex and interdependent, with recent events, including the pandemic 
and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, complicating the decarbonization plans of countries and 
companies. There are positive tailwinds, though, such as the US Inflation Reduction Act 
and the European Green Deal, which are expected to incentivize significant investment in 
renewables and needed technologies to secure a reliable, affordable and cleaner energy 
supply over the long term.
Despite recent challenges, our firm continues to deploy capital to clients in traditionally 
high-emitting sectors to both support current growth and enable investment in new 
technologies to catalyze their own decarbonization efforts.
After inventing a sustainability-linked financing asset class back in 
2019, Enel demonstrated continued commitment to the format and 
its innovation with the first-ever sustainability-linked bond linked to 
EU T axonomy. The €1.5 billion bond featured Scope 1 intensity related 
to power generation, Scope 1 and 3 emissions intensity for integrated 
power, proportion of CapEx aligned to EU T axonomy and absolute 
Scope 3 emissions related to gas retail.1 Goldman Sachs acted as joint 
bookrunner for the successful transaction and on each of Enel’s SLBs, 
which in 2022 totaled €12.6 billion.2
Enel First-Ever Sustainability-Linked 
Bond Linked to EU Taxonomy
CASE STUDY
Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green
1 The GHG Protocol Corporate Standard classifies a company’s GHG emissions into three “scopes.” Scope 1 emissions 
are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources. Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of 
purchased energy. Scope 3 emissions are all indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value chain 
of the reporting company, including both upstream and downstream emissions.
2 Enel, “Enel Successfully Launches a Dual-Tranche 1.5 Billion Euro, Sustainability-Linked Bond, in the Eurobond Market ,” 
February 2023; Bloomberg, as of March 3, 2023.
18 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Management of Carbon-Intensive Assets
The world still relies heavily on carbon-intensive energy and infrastructure. Achieving a low-carbon 
global economy will involve transition away from high-emitting assets (such as coal power) to lower-
carbon sources under an orderly approach that supports decarbonization in the real economy while 
preventing adverse consequences, such as impact to energy reliability and security.
The potential orderly retirement or conversion of high-emitting assets poses numerous risks. Such 
assets include power plants and also ships, diesel railroad engines, chemicals-production facilities  
and myriad other assets that keep today’s economy running. As an example, the threat of high-emitting 
assets being stranded in the transition to a low-carbon economy requires careful management.  
High-emitting assets still need to be operated efficiently in the near term to support their transitions  
to lower-emitting alternatives or substitutes, particularly as the market seeks to balance energy 
reliability and access.
Goldman Sachs supported the capital-raising 
of $908 million in blended finance to securitize 
receivables from the electrical generation companies 
serving Chile. This will help to stabilize pricing as 
new, cheaper renewable energy is deployed in the 
country and carbon-intensive plants, including coal-
fired ones, are retired. This was the first application 
of rate-reduction bond technology in Latin America, 
an approach frequently used in the US, Canada, 
Spain, Portugal and other markets, as well as the first 
application of a Chilean special purpose vehicle for 
an international securitization. 
Stabilizing Electricity 
Prices in Chile to Support 
Transition from Coal to 
Renewables 
CASE STUDY
$908M
in capital raised in blended finance to 
securitize receivables from the electrical 
generation companies serving Chile
19 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green

We have engaged stakeholders involved in the transition, conversion and replacement 
of high-emitting assets. Today, we are focused on assisting clients seeking to bring related 
transactions to market and supporting solutions through our firm’s investing capabilities. 
In future reports, we plan to share progress in this area.
Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green
In a transaction designed to accelerate green solutions, we 
closed an approximately $100 million financing for the North 
American Development Bank. The bank, owned jointly by the US 
and Mexican governments, provides financing for environmental 
infrastructure projects located within 100 kilometers to 
the north and 300 kilometers to the south of the border 
between the US and Mexico, involving states including, but not 
limited to, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, California, Tamaulipas, 
Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Baja California and Nuevo Leon. 
Proceeds of this financing will be allocated solely to eligible 
green projects, in accordance with a Green Bond Framework1 
that is aligned with International Capital Market Association 
(ICMA) principles.2 Such projects may include climate 
change mitigation, natural resource conservation, biodiversity 
conservation, and pollution prevention and control.
ESG-Linked Financing 
for the North American 
Development Bank
CASE STUDY
1 North American Development Bank: Green Bond Framework , 2020.
2 International Capital Market Association: “ Green Bond Principles ,” June 2022.
20 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green
Carbonomics for the Economics of Climate Transition
To guide clients through their transition to a low-carbon economy, we need to understand the economics that 
shape it. Carbonomics is Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research’s flagship series that focuses on the 
economics of decarbonization and sustainable growth.
For the fourth consecutive year, our Carbonomics initiative has released its carbon abatement cost curve, delineating 
what is needed to achieve decarbonization goals in line with the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
The cost of decarbonization continues to improve, thanks to clean tech innovation and higher prices for 
traditional hydrocarbons. Leveraging our project-by-project modeling of giant long-term energy projects, 
we estimate that the cost of capital of hydrocarbon vs. renewable developments has widened by more 
than 10 percentage points over the past four years.1 This has brought us to a historic turning point in energy 
investment, with global renewable power spend overtaking oil and gas developments for the first time 
in history.
In updating our Carbonomics cost curve across 100+ technologies, Global Investment Research (GIR) 
arrived at three key conclusions:
  Clean technologies associated with energy efficiency and substitution of hydrocarbons (renewables, 
clean hydrogen, biogas) continue to move lower on the cost curve.
  Net zero carbon by 2050 will require a material step-up in investments, with $2–$3 trillion p.a. of global 
investments needed in low-carbon infrastructure during the 2030s.2
  The big policy breakthrough in 2022 —  the US Inflation Reduction Act —  is transformational for the 
economics of hydrogen and carbon capture technologies.
1 Goldman Sachs Research: Carbonomics: Affordability, Security and Innovation , November 2022.
2 Goldman Sachs Research: Carbonomics: T he Economics of Net Zero , November 2022.
1
2
3
21 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Monolith uses carbon-free energy as part of a proprietary process to convert 
conventional and renewable natural gas to hydrogen and carbon black. Focused in 
cleanly made hydrogen, carbon black and ammonia, Monolith currently operates its 
first commercial-scale production facility, Olive Creek 1. Olive Creek 2 is expected 
to be completed in 2027. Demonstrating our leadership in private financings for 
transition-focused companies, we served as placement agent for a $300 million 
capital raise round led by TPG Rise Climate and Decarbonization Partners, a 
partnership between BlackRock and Temasek. 
Monolith —  Scaling Up 
Production of Clean Hydrogen
CASE STUDY
 “Monolith has established 
itself as a technology 
leader in methane pyrolysis, 
providing sustainable and 
low-cost hydrogen and 
carbon black from natural 
gas. We see significant 
opportunity for the company 
to continue scaling its 
technology, enabling the 
decarbonization of a  
broad range of important  
end markets.”
Dr. Meghan Sharp
Global Head of 
Decarbonization  
Partners
22 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green

Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green
CASE STUDY
The needed cumulative investment for decarbonization in Asia is 
estimated at $66 trillion. To help address this investment gap, in 2021 
Goldman Sachs and Bloomberg Philanthropies assisted in seeding and 
launching the Climate Innovation & Development Fund, a blended-
finance facility to help catalyze action and investment in South and 
Southeast Asia. Managed by the Asian Development Bank (ADB), the 
fund is focused on where the need is great, but the returns required by 
private capital alone have rendered much-needed projects uninvestable. 
In 2022, the fund invested in its initial projects, which are designed to 
help transform, through electrification, bus systems in India and Vietnam.
Catalyzing Electrification of 
Critical Public Transit in India 
and Vietnam
1 BCG/GFMA: Climate Finance Markets and the Real Economy: Sizing the Global 
Need and Defining the Market Structure to Mobilize Capital , December 2020.
regional investment1  needed 
across Asia to meet global 
climate goals
$66T
“ This initiative brings people together to 
unlock capital and jump-start more projects 
that will cut emissions, improve public 
health, spur economic growth and create 
jobs. We’re looking forward to working 
with partners at the Asian Development 
Bank and Goldman Sachs on these initial 
projects in India and Vietnam.”
Michael R. Bloomberg  
Founder, Bloomberg LP  
and Bloomberg 
Philanthropies
23 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Catalyzing 
Electrification  
of Critical Public 
Transit in India  
and Vietnam
CASE STUDY
44x
fund’s investment capital 
mobilized in Vietnam for  
this project
Vinfast Investment in Vietnam
In Vietnam, the fund’s investment helped 
mobilize 44 times its investment capital to 
support the country’s first electric bus fleet 
for public transport and the first national 
electric vehicle charging network. The project 
aims to build up to 140 e-buses and 150,000 
charging ports across 2,000 to 3,000 
stations throughout the country.
~15K
tons of CO2 
emissions per year 
estimated to be 
avoided from this 
project1
GreenCell Investment in India
In India, the Climate Innovation and Development Fund’s 
investment helped mobilize approximately 14 times 
its investment capital to support the purchase of 255 
electric buses to replace existing diesel buses operating 
on 56 high-traffic intercity routes, including Delhi and 
Pune, and in the states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, 
Tamil Nadu and Telangana. The e-buses are expected 
to serve five million people per year and include 
enhanced safety features for female passengers. 
In addition, the fund will support the construction of 
charging infrastructure, including solar-plus-battery 
solutions at the bus depots to maximize potential 
emissions reductions.
“ Public-private partnerships facilitating blended-finance 
facilities will help mobilize capital needed to accelerate 
progress toward a more sustainable global economy. The 
Climate Innovation and Development Fund with Bloomberg 
and Goldman Sachs is one example of a very high-impact 
model. We’re excited by the Fund’s initial investments’ 
ability to begin to mobilize additional private sector and 
governmental investments to support the decarbonization 
of mass transportation in South and Southeast Asia to put 
the region on the path to low-carbon economic growth.”
Ahmed Saeed   
Vice President for East Asia,  
Southeast Asia and the Pacific,  
Asian Development Bank
1 Projection provided by the Asian Development Bank.
24 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Going from Gray to Green

In this chapter:
27 10,000 Women: 15 Years of Impact
28 Partnering on Women Entrepreneurs 
Opportunity Facility (WEOF)
29 10,000 Small Businesses: 
Empowering Entrepreneurship
31 One Million Black Women (OMBW)
31 NYC Small Business Opportunity Fund: 
Affordable Financing for BIPOC and Women-
Owned Small Business Owners
32 BlocPower Energizing Job Creation 
for New Yorkers
32 NOWAccount ® Helping Small Businesses 
Manage Short-Term Liquidity
33 Black Equity Opportunities (BEO)
33 Loop Capital Share Classes Funding 
Social Goals
34 OMBW Black in Business
34 OMBW Black Women Impact Grants
36 Phipps Houses Meeting Community Needs
36 Solfácil FIDC Facility Innovating Cost 
of Home Solar
Leveraging Our Expertise 
to Create Economic 
Opportunity
We leverage our expertise as a financial institution to work toward a more 
inclusive economy. We pursue innovative commercial and philanthropic 
solutions that address economic and social challenges in communities 
across the United States and globally.
~$2B
One Million Black Women  
investment capital deployed 
of total $10 billion by 2030 
commitment
$2.8B
in capital to over 164K 
women entrepreneurs in 
15 years of 10,000 Women  
$1.6B
in total loan capital 
deployed in US by 
10,000 Small Businesses  
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
25 
Opportunities with Our Clients and Partners

We leverage the breadth of our commercial and philanthropic capabilities to help expand 
access to affordable capital and help create opportunities for under-resourced communities. 
Our goal is to advance inclusive growth, which we see as an imperative to creating value 
over the long term.
Our signature initiatives, like 10,000 Women and 10,000 Small Businesses, provide business education, access to 
capital and support services to entrepreneurs, who are foundational to a thriving economy. To date, 10,000 Women  has 
helped mobilize $2.8 billion in capital through the Women Entrepreneurs Opportunity Facility, a finance facility created in 
partnership with the International Finance Corporation, and served over 164,000 women. 10,000 Small Businesses has 
served over 16,000 entrepreneurs across the United States, United Kingdom and France through business education, 
and provided $1.6 billion in affordable capital to approximately 38,000 small businesses in the US through Community 
Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs).1
One Million Black Women, our recent 10-year commitment to positively impact the lives of at least one million Black women 
by 2030, will deploy $10 billion in direct investment capital and $100 million in philanthropic capital in affordable housing, 
job creation, quality education, health care, access to capital and more, all with a focus on closing opportunity gaps for 
Black women. To date, the initiative has deployed approximately $2 billion in investment capital, and over $23 million in 
philanthropic funding, laying the groundwork to impact 215,000 Black women. 1
Core to our commercial strategy is the Urban Investment Group, which provides innovative and responsive capital solutions 
to help meet the needs of low- to moderate-income communities across the US through multi-asset-class investing and 
lending business. In 2022, the Urban Investment Group deployed $2.9 billion in real estate projects, social enterprises 
and lending facilities for small businesses.
We understand that driving inclusive 
growth cannot be solved by a single 
policy or single financial institution. 
We continue to combine our 
research with our commercial and 
philanthropic capabilities to facilitate 
partnerships to help meet the needs 
of communities over the long term.
Investing for a More 
Inclusive Economy
1 As of March 31, 2023.
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
26 
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

“I have seen a total turnaround in my 
life from 10,000 Women. My business 
has been impacted, my family has 
been impacted, my community  
has been impacted. I never thought  
I could be a leader —  I’ve become  
a change agent.”
Ayodeji Megbope, 
NIGERIA 
Founder, No Left-Overs
 “My biggest transformation has been the financial 
acumen I have developed from 10,000 Women. 
Going from being dependent on others for financial 
knowledge and decision-making to independently 
being able to control my finances changed the 
game for me.”
Kayan Motashaw, 
INDIA 
CEO, LivRite Global 
Creations
10,000 Women: 
15 Years of Impact
Goldman Sachs 10,000 Women is a global 
initiative that provides women entrepreneurs 
around the world with access to capital, business 
education, mentoring and networking. Since our 
launch in 2008, we have served over 50,000 
women through in-person and online business 
education, expanding from 15 countries to 150. 
We exceeded our initial goal of catalyzing 
$600 million in investments to 100,000 women. 
To date, we’ve mobilized over $2.8 billion in capital 
to over 164,000 women entrepreneurs through 
the Women Entrepreneurs Opportunity Facility, 
a finance facility created in partnership with the 
International Finance Corporation.
Fifteen years of 10,000 Women has helped 
demonstrate the impact of women entrepreneurs, 
not just in communities but the global economy. 
200K+
60% 
women entrepreneurs 
reached to date 
of 10,000 Women 
graduates create  
new jobs
$2.8B
70% 
invested in financial 
institutions to lend to 
women entrepreneurs
of 10,000 Women 
graduates report higher 
revenues
90% 
of 10,000 Women graduates 
pay it forward by mentoring 
other women 
150+
countries reached 
27 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

Combining the resources, reach and expertise of 10,000 Women and the International Finance 
Corporation (IFC), WEOF was created to expand access to capital for women entrepreneurs 
and demonstrate the commercial viability of investing in women-owned small and midsize 
enterprises (SMEs).
Launched in 2014, this global facility now represents a $2.8 billion investment in financial institutions 
in emerging markets. The facility already has reached more than 164,000 women entrepreneurs in 
over 50 countries, working through 95 financial institutions.
After decades of working in real estate and health care, Dr. Seema Garg had risen to become CEO  
of a 350-bed hospital and vice president of a petrochemical company. But she longed to be 
her own boss. She quit her well-paying job and used her life savings to launch SB Hospital and 
Healthcare Private Limited, a company that designs, builds and renovates hospitals.
Seema’s breakthrough came in 2014, when she won a large contract for a 150-bed hospital in Delhi. 
To secure the funds needed, Seema approached several banks only to hear that they were wary of 
extending credit to a single woman. Through the 10,000 Women partnership with IFC, a local bank 
ultimately stepped forward to provide the financing, and, building on this successful venture, Seema 
received a larger loan in 2021 from one of India’s largest banks to further grow her business.
Today, just seven years after venturing out on her own, Seema has 50 employees and has 
successfully helmed several construction projects. “My aim is that three years down the line,  
if someone is looking to build a hospital, they should call us,” she says.
Partnering on Women Entrepreneurs 
Opportunity Facility (WEOF) 
CASE STUDY
28 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

Cristina Collazo 
Founder and VP of 
Purchasing & Marketing, 
Valija Gitana
Khari Parker  
Co-Founder, Connie’s  
Chicken and Waffles
10,000 Small Businesses: 
Empowering Entrepreneurship
Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses (10KSB) is a $750 million 
commitment to help entrepreneurs create jobs and economic opportunity. 
The program provides access to business education, capital and support 
services to small businesses.
13.6K+
$17B
alumni in the  
United States
in total revenue  
by alumni businesses
2.3K+
245K
alumni in the United 
Kingdom and France
total employees of  
alumni businesses
85%
of alumni do business  
with each other
$1.6B
in total loan capital deployed in 
US by 10,000 Small Businesses
 “The 10KSB training 
in marketing was 
especially valuable, 
and helped us become 
comfortable with hiring 
a design agency in 
New York City to help 
drive attention to our 
digital market and 
increase sales from 
US-based customers.”
 “Completing the 10KSB Growth Plan really got 
us going. We’ve expanded from two to four 
locations and opened a juice bar and pizza 
restaurant.”
 “The ‘blue sky thinking’ exercise taught me 
to think bigger. We’ve expanded into other 
schools and branched into additional practical 
skills such as plumbing.”
Michael Schloff 
Founder and CEO,  
Maplewoodshop
 
29 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

10KSB Summit:  
Small Business.  
Big Voice.
The 10KSB Summit was the 
largest-ever gathering of 
small business owners in the 
US. The three-day summit in 
Washington, D.C., in July of 
2022, brought together more 
than 2,000 10KSB alumni to 
celebrate their resilience and 
economic impact. Attendees 
gained insights from business 
leaders, policymakers and 
one another on best practices 
for business growth, hiring, 
accessing capital and more.
DRIVING GROWTH, CREATING JOBS
Graduates consistently show revenue growth and create jobs
months after graduation
Revenue Growth1
186
66% 71%
30
73%
months after graduation
Job Growth2
186
47% 52%
30
54%
1 The percentage of 10,000 Small Businesses  alumni who increased revenues.
2 The percentage of 10,000 Small Businesses  alumni who increased jobs.
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity
10,000 Small 
Businesses: 
Empowering 
Entrepreneurship
30 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

One Million Black Women (OMBW)
CASE STUDY
NYC Small Business 
Opportunity Fund: 
Affordable Financing 
for BIPOC and 
Women-Owned Small 
Business Owners
In partnership with New York City Mayor Eric Adams and the Department of Small Business Services 
(SBS), One Million Black Women and the Urban Investment Group launched a $75 million loan fund that 
will allow small business owners across the five boroughs of New York City to apply for loans ranging 
from $2,000 to $250,000 and pay a sub-market fixed interest rate of 4%, regardless of loan size. It is 
estimated the program will serve about 1,500 small businesses, with a focus on those owned by BIPOC 
and women, and will provide resources at a critical time in the city’s economic recovery.
As the largest public-private loan fund for small businesses in the history of New York, the Opportunity 
Fund will set aside a portion of its funding for early-stage businesses with fewer than two years 
of operations.
The Fund will help build capacity for eight not-for-profit New York–based Community Development 
Financial Institutions, which will serve as the loan originators and servicers, while the Community 
Reinvestment Fund will serve as the Fund’s Administrator.3 
Building Our Initiatives on Research 
Our Black Womenomics research estimates that reducing the earnings  
gap for Black women could raise the level of annual US GDP by 1.4%–2.1% 
each year, creating up to 1.7 million jobs and raising the level of annual 
US GDP by $375–$560 billion.1  This is no surprise, given Black-owned 
businesses are nearly three times more likely than white-owned businesses 
to report that access to financial capital and the cost of financial capital 
negatively impact profits.
Informed by this research, Goldman Sachs has committed $10 billion in direct investment 
capital and $100 million in philanthropic capital over the next decade to help address the 
disproportionate gender and racial biases that Black women have faced for generations.  
Our goal is to positively impact the lives of at least one million Black women by 2030. To date,  
the initiative has deployed approximately $2 billion in investment capital and $23 million2  
in philanthropic capital across the United States.
The Bigger Picture  |  March 9, 2021
BLACK  WOMENOMICS
Daan Struyven 
daan.struyven@gs.com 
Gizelle George-Joseph 
gizelle.george-joseph@gs.com 
Investing in the Underinvested 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Daniel Milo 
dan.milo@gs.com 
1 Adjusted for the expected 7% rise in US nominal GDP in 2023.
2 As of March 31, 2023.
3 NYC: “Mayor Adams, SBS Commissioner Kim Hail Successful Rollout of NYC Small Business Opportunity Fund ,” February 2023.
 “Our focus continues to be 
on pursuing research-driven, 
innovative capital solutions 
that leverage the power of 
cross-sector collaboration to 
create and sustain a thriving, 
inclusive economy.”
Asahi Pompey
Global Head of Corporate 
Engagement
“ Goldman Sachs is continuing to 
invest in this city, and we are really 
excited about their partnership 
and we want to thank them for 
what they have done, what they 
are doing and what they are  
going to do in the future.”
Eric Adams 
Mayor of New York City
31 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

One Million Black Women and the Urban Investment Group partnered 
with BlocPower on their new program, the Civilian Climate Corps, 
which connects New Yorkers at risk of gun violence with job training 
opportunities in a variety of high-demand, good-paying green-economy 
industries, including solar, heat pump and electric-vehicle charging 
installation. This builds on a prior investment to help BlocPower finance 
the acquisition and installation of clean and affordable electric heating 
and cooling systems in underserved New York City neighborhoods —  
benefiting residents with improved air quality, increased temperature 
control and energy-efficient technology.
CASE STUDY
One Million Black Women and the Urban Investment Group provided a $200 million 
loan facility to Now®, an innovative payment solutions business that helps small B2B 
companies get paid immediately via their NowAccount®, so they can increase cash flow 
while eliminating the risk of late payments and nonpayment of invoices. Through this 
investment, Now® aims to accelerate invoice payments to help small and often under-
resourced businesses such as Black women–owned businesses optimize their short-term 
liquidity needs so they can grow sustainably. 
Now® has formed strategic partnerships with organizations —  including Initiative for 
a Competitive Inner City, Georgia Minority Supplier Development Council, Black 
Directory and Culture Genesis, among others —  to increase its reach among Black 
women entrepreneurs.
CASE STUDY
NOWAccount® Helping Small Businesses 
Manage Short-Term Liquidity
BlocPower 
Energizing Job 
Creation for 
New Yorkers
32 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

Via our Alternative Investments & Manager Selection (AIMS) Group, 
Goldman Sachs manages a fund-of-funds strategy that seeks to 
invest in Black-owned venture capital and growth equity funds. The 
BEO fund is promoting greater representation of Black investors and 
entrepreneurs in the venture capital and growth equity ecosystem. 
The fund is anchored by a commitment from former Microsoft CEO 
Steve Ballmer and his wife Connie as part of their focus on Black 
investment managers and Black businesses.
Over a three-year period, BEO plans to invest in six to nine funds 
per year. Through this fund, we aim to direct more capital into 
the hands of diverse managers who are focused on investing in 
diverse talent and driving strong financial outcomes. We expect the 
majority of the underlying firms to be managed by emerging Black 
talent who may be running first-, second- or third-time funds, and  
we anticipate that at least 30% of the underlying companies will  
be led by Black founders/entrepreneurs.
CASE STUDY
In conjunction with One Million Black Women (OMBW), Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management Liquidity Solutions has agreed to donate the greater of $100,000 or 
10% of aggregate net revenues generated from share classes distributed by Loop 
Capital to nonprofits that align with the impact pillars of OMBW. This is the second 
year that GSAM will make donations under the program. The 2023 donations will be 
made to Hope Enterprise Corporation to provide down-payment assistance across 
the Deep South (Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi and Tennessee) and 
to the United Negro College Fund (UNCF) to provide scholarships to Black women 
in STEM fields. In 2022, Hope used proceeds to fund down-payment assistance 
to five Black female homebuyers, supporting a total of 15 people, as these women 
are heads of households. UNCF will begin awarding these scholarships in 2023.
Loop Capital Share Classes 
Funding Social Goals
CASE STUDY
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity
Black Equity 
Opportunities (BEO) 
33 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Supporting Black Women Entrepreneurs
Though Black women start businesses faster than any other demographic in the United States,  
lack of access to business education, capital and resources is a constant barrier to growth. 
In response, One Million Black Women launched the Black in Business pilot, an entrepreneurship 
program focused solely on Black women solopreneurs seeking to grow their business and become  
job creators. Black in Business builds on the fundamentals and success of 10,000 Women and  
10,000 Small Businesses, providing business owners the tools they need to grow.
Black in Business’s curriculum was developed in partnership with 1863 Ventures, with modules  
focused on marketing, operations, finances and raising capital. Graduates leave with knowledge  
on how to price their product or service, hire their first employee, understand their finances and  
grow their revenue. Creating pathways to successful entrepreneurship is a key component of  
our strategy to help narrow opportunity gaps for Black women. 
OMBW Black in Business is a 10-week business 
education program that provides Black women sole 
proprietors with the tools to turn their business 
potential into business growth. To date, more than 
450 Black women solopreneurs from 33 states 
across three cohorts have participated in the 
10-week online business education program, which 
starts and culminates with in-person workshops 
at Goldman Sachs Headquarters in New York City. 
Program participants also receive a $2,000 stipend, 
access to a powerful network of entrepreneurs and 
strategic advisors to help guide their growth. 
OMBW Black in Business
CASE STUDY
We also know Black women play a critical role as leaders in 
civil society. In response to more than 60 listening sessions with 
Black women and girls across the United States, we launched 
OMBW Black Women Impact Grants, awarding 50 Black women–
led organizations with $10 million in general operating, multiyear 
funding. Our goal is to provide access to flexible capital that 
enables Black women to do what they do best: lead and build 
their organizations. Black Women Build-Baltimore, pictured on 
the right, is a Black Women Impact Grant recipient.
OMBW Black Women 
Impact Grants
The Bigger Picture | February 9, 2022
BLACK  
WOMENOMICS
Equalizing Entrepreneurship 
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.
Gizelle George-Joseph 
gizelle.george-joseph@gs.com 
Daniel Milo 
dan.milo@gs.com 
CASE STUDY
34 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

One Million Black Women Strategic Partnerships 
One Million Black Women continues to expand its impact through strategic partnerships. The following are examples  
of our strategic partnerships across our impact pillars.
The King Center’s Beloved Community  
Leadership Academy 
With support from One Million Black Women, the King Center launched the 
reimagined Beloved Community Leadership Academy (BCLA), an innovative 
and immersive learning experience for youth ages 13 to 18. BCLA focuses on 
leadership, entrepreneurship and character development for young people. 
In addition, the grant supports a cohort of 50 Black young women from across 
the country, who receive dedicated monthly programming with leadership talks 
from OMBW Advisory Council members Rosalind Brewer, Thelma Golden and 
Dr. Ruth Simmons and mentoring from Goldman Sachs OMBW ambassadors.
Urban Institute Partnership on Closing Wealth Gaps
One Million Black Women partnered with the Urban Institute with the aim of commissioning further research on how 
to narrow the wealth gap facing Black women. In the first year of the partnership, One Million Black Women and 
the Urban Institute invited faculty and researchers from Historically Black Colleges and Universities to develop new 
insights into the persistent racial gaps in earnings and wealth. Research from Danielle Dickens, associate professor 
of psychology at Spelman College; Carolette Norwood, professor and head of the Sociology and Criminology 
Department at Howard University; Taura Taylor, assistant professor of sociology at Morehouse College; and Angelino 
Viceisza, associate professor of economics at Spelman College, were selected as the first cohort of research fellows. 
The partnership plans to announce a second cohort of research fellows later this year.
New Leaders —  Advancing Black 
Women Principals 
With support from One Million Black Women, New 
Leaders developed a one-year pilot program to 
support Black women school and district leaders 
with targeted one-on-one executive coaching, 
two group-leadership-development series quarterly, 
and group coaching for Black women who are 
New Leaders staff. As part of the programming, 
Roz Brewer, Valerie Jarrett, Secretary Condoleezza 
Rice and Dr. Ruth Simmons have participated in 
leadership development series.
 “One Million Black Women 
is moving with a sense of 
urgency and commitment to 
deliver these opportunities to 
Black women who have been 
left behind for far too long.”
Marc H. Morial
President and CEO,
National Urban League
 “Black women are foundational 
to communities, and this 
means that if we are to keep 
the American dream alive, our 
democratic values flourishing 
and our market system 
strong, then we must focus 
philanthropic dollars and 
investment capital to support 
the organizations that are on 
the front lines of improving 
our society.”
Darren Walker
President,
Ford Foundation
Insights from members of our  
One Million Black Women 
Advisory Council
 “Once women are on the track 
to advance their careers, we 
have to continue to support 
them throughout their 
journeys. Support can take 
on the role of mentoring new 
leaders, coaching mid-level 
professionals, and intentionally 
recruiting diverse candidates. 
This integrated approach to 
nurturing diverse talent will 
ensure that we reach equity 
in our workforce and drive 
growth across all sectors. We 
must be intentional.”
Rosalind G. Brewer
Chief Executive Officer, 
Walgreens
 “It will take private, public, 
and nonprofit organizations 
dedicated to promoting 
equity, social change and 
positive economic impact 
to advance a more inclusive 
economy. By leveraging 
the distinctive strengths of 
each organization, we can 
help transform communities 
and society at large while 
fostering long-term solutions 
to multifaceted challenges.”
Dr. Ruth J. Simmons
Eighth President,  
Prairie View A&M University
35 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

In addition to collaborating with One Million Black Women, our Urban Investment Group also 
seeks to invest in creating economic opportunity through its other investments, including 
its work to bring affordable housing to underserved communities in the US. Separately, our 
Investment Banking business supports underserved populations outside the US. For example, 
we are helping democratize solar power in Brazil through our work with Solfácil.
Partnering with Phipps Houses, the oldest and largest not-for-
profit developer, owner and manager of affordable housing in the 
US, our Urban Investment Group is financing the development of a 
436-unit affordable housing development in East New York. Atlantic 
Chestnut Phase II will help maintain and expand affordability in a 
moderate-income, majority-minority neighborhood, with substantial 
need and limited supply of high-quality affordable housing. The 
project includes 66 units for formerly homeless tenants, as well as 
a community facility space for local not-for-profit organizations or 
other tenants providing services to the surrounding community.
Phipps Houses Meeting 
Community Needs
CASE STUDY
Solfácil, a digital platform based in Brazil, sells home solar 
electric systems across the country and offers to finance 
them. The financing effectively allows their clients to swap 
their monthly electricity bills for their own solar electric 
system. Goldman Sachs provided a BRL625 million three-
year Senior Warehouse Facility to finance Solfácil in its 
mission to empower people through the sun.
Solfácil FIDC Facility 
Innovating Cost of 
Home Solar
CASE STUDY
36 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Creating Economic Opportunity

Mobilizing Private 
Capital for Innovation
Transitioning to a low-carbon economy will require decarbonization across multiple industries 
and sectors, with existing, emerging and yet-to-be-developed clean technologies playing a 
critical role. As a result, there is a significant opportunity for private capital to advance emerging 
technologies while generating a return on investment. 
Accordingly, our Sustainable Investing Group in our Asset & Wealth Management segment is 
facilitating the movement of capital into innovation in energy management of buildings, cold 
chain shipping, wind power drone inspections and energy grid storage, among others. Our 
sustainable finance expertise in our Global Banking & Markets segment has helped KORE Power 
break ground on its new battery gigafactory and TAE Technologies fund the construction of its 
generation 6 fusion reactor. We are also identifying ways to direct private capital to fuel inclusive 
growth through innovative approaches to create quality and affordable child care spaces as well 
as advancing equity and increasing access to capital for women and diverse entrepreneurs.
Goldman Sachs is focusing on sectors where capital is needed to help avoid future supply-chain 
bottlenecks, reduce execution risks and drive innovative solutions. Here’s how.
Opportunities with Our Clients and Partners 
In this chapter:
39 Horizon Strategies Investing in Solutions for 
a Low-Carbon Future
41 CarbonCure Recycling CO2 into Fresh Concrete
41 Pivot Bio Transforming Low-Carbon Agriculture
42 Highland Electric Electrifying School Bus Fleets
43 KORE Power Gigafactory Breaks Ground
43 Supporting Commercializing of TAE Technologies 
Gen 6 Fusion Reactor
44 Low Income Investment Fund (LIIF) Building 
Child Care Centers in Affordable Housing
44 Seae Ventures Driving Equitable Investments
$1.6B+
raised for Goldman Sachs’ 
inaugural direct private markets 
strategy dedicated to climate and 
environmental solutions 1
1 As of January 10, 2023.
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
37

Opportunities → Mobilizing Private Capital
Focusing on Innovation 
with Impact
Innovative ideas are proliferating across industries to decarbonize 
and meet clean water and infrastructure goals. But innovation 
often follows investment. Private capital not only has a role to play 
in facilitating innovation, but it also can benefit from long-term 
investment opportunities.
Working together, we are helping our clients make meaningful shifts in how the world 
invests for the next generation.
The pace of transition to a low-carbon economy can increase with incremental green  
CapEx from a combination of governments, private companies and public companies.  
As a firm, we are pursuing this opportunity across multiple sectors.
Driving short-term changes is critical to mitigating the worst impacts of a changing climate 
on the economy. However, we also take an expansive, long-term view of climate transition —  
leveraging our resources and financial expertise to help scale emerging innovation across 
sectors that will be critical to driving economy-wide decarbonization. We remain committed 
to supporting companies that face unique transition-related challenges today —  particularly 
in hard-to-abate sectors —  while also enabling emerging markets, sectors and innovative 
solutions that seek to expedite the transition to a low-carbon economy.
We are already seeing deployment of solutions that are increasing the pace of innovation 
in areas like hydrogen, battery storage, fusion reactors, low-carbon agriculture and 
energy efficiency.
Working together, across boundaries and in new ways, we look to help our clients drive  
real and meaningful shifts in how the world invests for the next generations.
Ranked #5 on  
the Impact 301
On the listing of the world’s 
largest managers of private 
markets impact capital by 
PEI Media, Goldman Sachs 
ranked fifth. This is our first 
appearance on the list, 
reflecting the focus we now 
bring to mobilizing private 
capital for positive impact. 
1 As of July 2022.
 “Goldman Sachs will continue to support our clients in the energy sector, and 
we will also advise, finance and invest in businesses creating technologies that 
can accelerate the transition. We need to do both. It’s not an or, it’s an and.”
David Solomon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
38 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

CASE STUDY
Horizon Strategies 
Investing in Solutions for 
a Low-Carbon Future
Our Sustainable Investing Group works with clients through a 
series of Goldman Sachs Horizon strategies, launched to address 
a powerful commercial opportunity: bridging the capital gap 
between early-stage solutions for climate and environmental 
impact and mainstream technology deployment. The Horizon 
strategies launched to date were created to invest in and scale 
proven companies and technologies —  tackling climate change 
by reducing emissions and supporting companies working to build 
a more resilient environment.
Guided by the firm’s Sustainable Finance Framework, the 
Sustainable Investing Group invests across climate transition 
thematics that sit at the intersection of commercial opportunity 
and impact. The following are examples of recent investments 
made by the team to meet growing demand from public and 
private investors: GridPoint solutions for energy management of 
commercial buildings, TemperPack environmentally friendly thermal 
packaging, and SkySpecs wind power-blade inspections.
SkySpecs
SkySpecs performs wind-blade inspections using advanced 
drone and imaging-analytics technology, automating 
damage classification and repair optimization for wind asset 
owners and operators. SkySpecs’ inspection services and 
accompanying asset management offerings allow for a holistic 
view of turbine health and help customers manage asset risk, 
predict failures, prioritize repairs and extend asset-useful life. 
This reduces the overall levelized cost of energy (LCOE) of 
wind as a power resource, helping optimize energy production 
from a renewable source.
Opportunities → Mobilizing Private Capital
 “Goldman Sachs has been investing in 
transformative environmental and climate 
solutions since 2005. Since then, we 
have witnessed major changes in the 
technologies that enable more efficient 
and sustainable business practices, and the 
appetite from users to adopt them. Today, 
as the imperative to transition to a more 
sustainable economic growth model gathers 
pace, we are excited to continue backing 
leading businesses in this space as they 
develop and scale the environmental and 
climate solutions of tomorrow.”
Ken Pontarelli
Head of Sustainable Investing  
for Private Markets, Asset &  
Wealth Management
39 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Horizon Strategies 
Investing in 
Solutions for 
a Low-Carbon 
Future
CASE STUDY
GridPoint
GridPoint provides energy management technology for commercial buildings and seeks to deliver savings to 
customers upon installation and enabling greater integration of distributed energy for grid resilience. Leveraging real-
time data analytics, intelligent automation and patented algorithms, GridPoint is helping redefine energy optimization 
for businesses, buildings and the grid. Through use of monitoring equipment (e.g., controller, meters, thermostats) and 
cloud-based applications (e.g., report and analytics, HVAC health and testing), GridPoint aims to deliver measurable 
dollar and energy savings, plus visibility into complex building operations and actionable facility insights, while allowing 
for more distributed energy resources such as battery storage and electric vehicle chargers on the grid. 
TemperPack Technologies
TemperPack is one of the largest 
producers of sustainable cold 
chain materials for food and life 
science products in the US, providing 
environmentally friendly thermal 
packaging applications for shipping 
perishable and mission-critical 
products. TemperPack’s flagship 
product, ClimaCell thermal insulation, 
is a nontoxic and curbside-recyclable 
box liner made of 90% cornstarch 
and paper. In 2022, TemperPack 
launched WaveKraft, an on-demand 
paper insulation system, and 
acquired KTM Industries, adding the 
compostable Green Cell Foam to its 
portfolio of sustainable solutions.
Opportunities → Mobilizing Private Capital
40 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

The Next Wave of Innovation
Our large sustainable alternatives business includes the Urban Investment Group, the Sustainable 
Investing Group and AIMS Imprint, our dedicated ESG and impact investment platform focused on 
manager selection and co-investments across private and public markets. This year’s report includes 
several AIMS Imprint investments, including CarbonCure, Pivot Bio and Highland Electric.
Concrete, the most widely used man-made material, is the second–most 
consumed material on Earth, trailing only water. Its large carbon footprint, 
stemming from production of its key ingredient, cement, accounts for 7% of 
global emissions.1
Our AIMS Imprint group has allocated capital to the investors in CarbonCure, 
a developer of innovative carbon sequestration and avoidance technologies 
that inject recycled CO2 into fresh concrete, where it permanently mineralizes —  
increasing concrete strength while decreasing the cement content required, 
without sacrificing material performance. CarbonCure has been able to leverage 
the carbon sequestration elements of its technology to develop high-quality 
carbon credits. CarbonCure won the CarbonXPRIZE in 2021 for its new 
Reclaimed Water product, which injects CO2 into concrete wastewater slurry 
to convert it into a reusable additive for fresh concrete mixes that reduces both 
water and cement requirements. CarbonCure concrete has been delivered to 
construct buildings, airports, stadiums and Amazon’s new HQ2 in Virginia.
CarbonCure Recycling CO2 
into Fresh Concrete 
CASE STUDY
>4M 
truckloads of 
CarbonCure concrete 
delivered globally 
to date2
>250K
metric tons of CO2  saved, 
equivalent to removing 
~54K cars from the road  
for a year2 , 3
Despite negative environmental impact and high costs, synthetic fertilizer production has not 
changed in more than 100 years. While synthetic nitrogen fertilizers help farmers produce higher 
crop yields, nitrous oxide emissions are a major contributor to climate change, and nitrate runoff 
poisons the aqueous ecosystem. Our AIMS Imprint group has allocated funds to a manager 
investing in a transformative solution, Pivot Bio —  one of the first sustainable alternatives to 
synthetic nitrogen.
Pivot Bio uses proprietary microbes that fix nitrogen from the air into the soil, which supplies 
nitrogen to a plant’s roots without washing away or volatilizing into the air like traditional synthetic 
fertilizers. The genetic blueprints of each microbe are mapped and programmed to provide 
nitrogen levels that are adapted to each crop’s nutrient needs. The end result is fuel-scalable, 
low-carbon agriculture with higher yields, lower emissions, cleaner water and healthier soil.
Pivot Bio Transforming 
Low-Carbon Agriculture
CASE STUDY
Opportunities → Mobilizing Private Capital
1 Fennell, Davis and Mohammed: “ Decarbonizing Cement Production ,” May 2021.
2 carboncure.com , as of April 1, 2023.
3 EPA: “Greenhouse Gas Emissions from a Typical Passenger Vehicle ,” June 2022.
41 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Our approach includes traditional asset management and sustainable finance transactions, 
but also seeks to create thriving, purposeful and innovative infrastructure —  often through 
purpose-built partnerships. Last year, our AIMS Imprint group announced a strategic 
investment with Generation IM in the founding of Just Climate, with the mission of limiting 
global temperature rise by catalyzing and scaling capital toward the most impactful 
climate solutions.
Innovative Capital Solutions across the Value Chain
We aim to look at the entire value chain, in seeking capital solutions to advance climate 
transition and drive inclusive growth. As financiers, investors and advisors, we approach such 
opportunities as a holistic, interlinked chain of action and innovation.
Reducing harmful diesel emissions while improving student and local 
community health, Highland provides a simple and cost-effective 
way to electrify school bus fleets, with more than 330 electric buses 
under contract across New England, the Rocky Mountain West and 
the Mid-Atlantic.1 Highland’s role in electrifying student transportation 
combats financial friction to electrification by offering a “Fleet as a 
Service” subscription model that allows a school district to pay for 
buses on a per-mile-driven basis.
Highland Electric Electrifying 
School Bus Fleets
CASE STUDY
Opportunities → Mobilizing Private Capital
1  Business Wire: “ Blue Bird Teams Up with Highland Electric Fleets to Provide 
12 Electric School Buses to Illinois School District ,” December 2022.
42 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

We served as KORE Power’s exclusive placement 
agent in raising capital for construction of KOREPlex, a 
lithium-ion battery-cell gigafactory that broke ground 
in Arizona in late 2022. The financing will also help 
KORE Power purchase long lead-time items required for 
construction of the facility. KOREPlex will be among the 
first US battery cell gigafactories built independently of 
an automotive original equipment manufacturer (OEM), 
which will enable KORE Power to supply batteries 
to a wide range of innovative e-mobility and energy 
storage customers. 
KORE Power Gigafactory 
Breaks Ground
CASE STUDY
For example, the transportation sector accounts for 29% 
of all greenhouse gas emissions within the US.1 Vehicle 
electrification —  of cars, bus fleets and larger vehicles —  
can significantly reduce these emissions. However, the 
electrification value chain is complex and stretches from 
mining critical minerals to transporting and processing 
these materials to building fit-for-purpose batteries 
to manufacturing electric vehicles to creating charging 
stations and utility-grid battery storage.
Goldman Sachs often supports this technology innovation 
and development at every stage of the value chain —  from 
helping automakers access key materials and manage price 
risk in production to advising on financing the rapid growth 
of next-generation battery manufacturers such as KORE 
Power’s new gigafactory in Arizona and on acquisitions 
for emerging electric vehicle charging network operators.
Tapping into Significant Renewables Expertise
Goldman Sachs has invested more than $5 billion in renewable 
assets since 2005. Our firmwide experience in renewables 
includes solar, wind, hydro and even fusion technology —  for 
example, we advised TAE Technologies on the financing to 
create its sixth-generation research reactor, Copernicus. 
To unlock the next phase of renewable expansion, across 
different sectors of innovation, we continue to work with our 
clients and partners to develop and invest in market-based, 
commercially viable platforms and solutions.
Accelerating commercialization of fusion technology, TAE closed 
a $250 million financing round from strategic and institutional 
investors. Goldman Sachs served as exclusive financial advisor 
for the transaction. The capital raised will fund the construction 
of TAE’s sixth-generation research reactor, Copernicus, which is 
currently being constructed in a 100,000-square-foot facility 
in Irvine, California. TAE’s fifth-generation reactor, Norman, was 
unveiled in 2017 and was designed to keep plasma stable at 
30 million degrees Celsius. After five years of experimenting to 
optimize Norman’s capabilities, the machine has displayed it can 
sustain stable plasma at more than 75 million degrees Celsius, 
2.5X higher than its original goal.2
TAE’s Copernicus reactor is designed to demonstrate the viability 
of achieving net energy generation with TAE’s advanced beam-
driven field-reversed configuration —  the penultimate step on TAE’s 
path to commercialize clean fusion power.
Supporting Commercializing 
of TAE Technologies Gen 6 
Fusion Reactor
CASE STUDY
Opportunities → Mobilizing Private Capital
1 EPA: “Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks 1990–2020 ,” 2022.
2 TAE: “TAE Technologies Exceeds Fusion Reactor Performance Goals by 250% as company 
closes $250 Million Financing Round, Totaling $1.2 Billion to Date ,” June 2022.
43 Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Investing in Innovative Social Impact
Innovation also drives commercially viable inclusive growth opportunities. We are directing 
private capital into opportunities that seek to generate attractive returns. These include 
public-private partnerships as well as private companies looking to build engines of 
opportunity with strong social characteristics. Our Urban Investment Group and One Million 
Black Women initiative have supported creating a fund dedicated to building child care 
centers in communities of need. Goldman Sachs has invested in a new Black-led venture 
capital fund, Seae Ventures, dedicated to investing in women- and BIPOC-led companies.
These examples, along with others shared in this report, are part of the larger story about 
what private capital can do to help advance climate transition and drive inclusive growth.
7K+ 
Black women and 
girls expected to be 
positively impacted as  
a result of this funding 1
Through Launch With GS, Goldman Sachs has invested as a limited 
partner in a first-time venture capital fund managed by Seae Ventures, 
an emerging firm co-founded by managing partners Jason Robart 
and Tuoyo Louis. Seae Ventures is dedicated to advancing equity 
and increasing access to capital by investing in women and BIPOC 
entrepreneurs. Through this fund, Seae will invest in companies focused 
on developing technologies that address financial wellness, mental 
health, women’s health and personalized medicine and which benefit 
traditionally underserved and vulnerable populations.
Seae Ventures Driving 
Equitable Investments
CASE STUDY 44%
of Seae Ventures’ 
portfolio companies  
are women-founded2
75%
of Seae Ventures’ 
portfolio companies 
have a BIPOC founder3
Opportunities → Mobilizing Private Capital
1 LIIF: “$20 Million Partnership Aims to Co-locate Child Care with Affordable Housing ,” 
June 2022.
2 seaeventures.com .
3 Ibid.
LIIF takes an innovative approach to creating quality and affordable 
child care spaces that support working families, often co-located 
with affordable housing. As part of Goldman Sachs’ One Million Black 
Women initiative, Goldman Sachs’ Urban Investment Group provided 
a $20 million loan to support LIIF’s innovative new Brighter Futures 
Fund —  to be deployed primarily in New York City, San Francisco, Los 
Angeles, Atlanta and Washington, D.C., with emphasis on centers 
that are owned by Black women or serve Black mothers and families. 
Goldman Sachs also provided LIIF with $1.6 million of additional 
funding for the program through a philanthropic grant. This combined 
support will allow LIIF to build the new program from the ground up 
through grassroots outreach, hiring dedicated staff and delivering 
specialized technical assistance to affordable housing developers 
and early childhood education operators, who often have to navigate 
complex financing structures and regulatory requirements.
Low Income Investment Fund 
(LIIF) Building Child Care Centers 
in Affordable Housing
CASE STUDY
44 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Goldman Sachs is building out new and expanding existing commercial platforms to help 
create the scale and reach needed to address the magnitude of the global challenges 
our clients and partners face. Within our Asset & Wealth Management segment, our 
Private Infrastructure team recently launched a new platform for designing and building 
biomethane plants across Europe. Within our Global Banking & Markets segment, we 
continue our work on market structure to support efficient and effective carbon markets 
as a critical mechanism to support climate transition. And an integrated, firmwide 
effort across our businesses is helping to advance diversity on the boards of our 
clients. Whether in energy security, clean energy-grid battery storage, decarbonization 
or increased representation at the highest levels of corporate governance, we are 
identifying, investing in and mobilizing platforms to help scale solutions.
Goldman Sachs is working with clients and partners to scale up transformative solutions. 
Here’s how.
Building Platforms 
to Scale
15+ years
of Goldman Sachs investing  
in renewable energy
Opportunities with Our Clients and Partners 
In this chapter:
47 Xpansiv Providing Market Infrastructure to 
Facilitate Decarbonization
48 Verdalia Bioenergy Expanding European 
Biomethane Capacity
49 GridStor for Utility Grid–Scale Battery Storage
50 Ayco: Partnering to Help Incarcerated Women 
Join the Workforce
50 Ayco: Helping Employee-Owners of CHI 
Overhead Doors Manage New Wealth
51 Our Firmwide Approach to Advancing Inclusive 
Growth in the Boardroom
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
45

Opportunities → Building Platforms to Scale
Investments in individual projects and innovative companies are important levers to help 
address economic challenges. However, it takes scale to drive transformative impact in the 
economy. At Goldman Sachs, we identify, acquire, develop, own and operate companies with 
a path to scale —  platforms with capacity and reach to address the magnitude of systems-
level challenges.
Goldman Sachs has been investing in renewables for over 15 years, with direct experience in building, owning, operating 
and scaling up some of the largest renewable energy companies across the globe. These renewables businesses share 
similar trajectories.
For example, Japan Renewable Energy (JRE) was established by Goldman Sachs in 2012. Under our ownership and support 
through the time of our exit, JRE successfully scaled up its renewable asset base across Japan, as a diversified platform 
providing solar, onshore wind and biomass energy.
0
100
200
300
400
500
20202018201620142012
417
298
187
290
345
24
259
155
48
39
32
16
13
BiomassOnshore WindSolar PV Source: JRE
JAPAN RENEWABLE ENERGY (JRE) INSTALLED GROSS CAPACITY (MW)
A Platform Approach to Investing 
in Transformative Solutions
Today, we are scaling new platforms. Our Sustainable Investing Group’s Horizon strategies are addressing some of the 
most complex challenges. For example, intermittency is a major limiting factor for the broadscale adoption of renewables. 
Grid-scale battery storage will allow utilities to invest further in renewable sources such as wind and solar that have varying 
patterns of peak generation.
Goldman Sachs is building, owning, operating and scaling commercial platforms that help advance decarbonization. We are 
also creating platforms to help scale inclusive growth through Ayco Personal Financial Management (Ayco). The goal of this 
platform remains the same: Achieve the scale to drive durable, long-term impact in the economy.
46 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Xpansiv Providing Market 
Infrastructure to Facilitate 
Decarbonization
Xpansiv is a high-growth, vertically integrated market platform connecting buyers and sellers 
of environmental commodities such as voluntary carbon credits, renewable energy credits 
and low-carbon fuel certificates. Xpansiv’s growing ecosystem supports companies seeking to 
meet sustainability goals with various business lines that cover the environmental commodity 
lifecycle from inception at registries to trading, market data and ongoing portfolio management.
To support Xpansiv’s acquisition and growth strategy, Goldman Sachs helped finance the business 
through a strategic investment alongside other financial institutions. As part of the investment, 
Goldman Sachs plans to participate in Xpansiv’s Advisory Council.
This transaction is an important milestone in the development of key market infrastructure for 
environmental commodities.
The voluntary carbon credit market alone, which in 2022 was worth approximately $2 billion, 
has vast growth potential and could reach approximately $50 billion annually by 2030.1  However, 
most environmental commodity markets are still in their infancy in terms of transparency and 
efficiency. Thoughtful market infrastructure adapted to specific product characteristics can help 
these markets scale up significantly.
CASE STUDY
Opportunities → Building Platforms to Scale
1 Bloomberg NEF: “ Carbon Offset Market Could Reach $1 Trillion With Right Rules ,” January 2023.
47 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Building Scalable Platforms to Advance Climate Transition
Scaling platforms often involves the intersection of new or newly adapted technology, shifts in demand and markets 
challenged by growing unmet need. Given the EU’s decarbonization objectives, the current energy crisis in the region and the 
emerging focus on circular economy solutions, the opportunity for biomethane across Europe is now more compelling than 
just a few years ago. We have formed a new company, Verdalia Bioenergy. Recently launched in Spain, this new company 
intends to meet this increasing energy demand at scale with low-carbon domestic fuel source development.
Here in the US, we are seeking to help solve for intermittency, a primary barrier to scaling renewables, including wind and solar 
power. An increasingly intermittent power supply combined with existing variable demand drives higher price volatility on the 
grid. Energy storage can help attenuate price volatility while providing grid stability, a solution the market is rapidly adopting. To 
help solve for this issue, Goldman Sachs Asset & Wealth Management has invested in GridStor, a highly specialized company 
focused exclusively on developing and operating large-scale, stand-alone battery energy storage projects.
GridStor has begun to deploy capital to acquire, construct, own and operate stand-alone utility-scale energy storage 
projects. Such energy storage systems charge electricity during hours with relatively high renewable energy supply, low 
energy demand and low power prices. The systems then discharge electricity during hours with low renewable energy 
supply, high demand, high power prices or when the grid needs instant-response capacity for reliability. Such energy 
storage systems support continued transition of energy markets to renewable sources in an efficient and sustainable way.
It is estimated that grid storage capacity will more than double by 2030.3 Declining capital costs are driving rapid market 
adoption of battery storage. GridStor’s innovations are designed to support the transition toward a cleaner electricity grid 
and low-carbon future.
Our infrastructure investing group in AWM has established 
Verdalia Bioenergy, a new business focused on developing 
or acquiring, building, owning and operating biomethane 
plants across Europe. The investment aims to contribute to 
Europe’s decarbonization and energy security agenda, adding 
significant biomethane production capacity.
Biomethane is a negative- or low-carbon natural gas 
produced through the anaerobic digestion of organic waste —  
providing the benefits of fossil natural gas while significantly 
reducing or eliminating its carbon emissions and preventing 
methane emissions that could otherwise be released into 
the atmosphere, while leveraging the large gas infrastructure 
already in place.
Verdalia Bioenergy 
Expanding European 
Biomethane Capacity
CASE STUDY
€1B+ 
expected to be deployed 
by Verdalia in the European 
biomethane sector over the 
next four years1
~10X 
today’s production  
of biomethane in 
Europe targeted by 
the EU by 20302
1 Goldman Sachs Asset Management: “ Goldman Sachs Asset Management to Launch Verdalia Bioenergy with the 
Aim to Invest in Excess of €1 Billion in the European Biomethane Sector ,” February 2023.
2 Ibid.
3 Bloomberg NEF: “ 1H 2023 Energy Storage Market Outlook ,” as of March 2023; battery system cost forecasts from 
Bloomberg NEF Energy Storage Market Outlook 2022. There is no guarantee these estimates will be achieved.
48 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Building Platforms to Scale

GridStor is currently constructing the Goleta Reliability Project, a 60 MWh battery project near 
Santa Barbara, California, which aims to be operational in Q3 2023. It also acquired a portfolio of 
in-development battery storage projects in the Los Angeles area, from Upstream Energy, potentially 
totaling approximately 500 MW/2,000 MWh in Q4 2024.1 The projects are expected to come 
online between 2024 and 2026. The units are located in urban areas near existing power lines and 
substations. Once online, they will provide capacity to utilities in the state to ensure power grid 
reliability that can support an increase in renewable energy penetration. In May 2022, California 
achieved the milestone of a 100% renewables-powered grid for periods of the day. GridStor’s 
technology will help make that a more common occurrence.
Commercial Platforms to Drive Inclusive Growth
The universe of sustainable investing continues to mature and refine, and we continue to build on 
our long-standing commitment to inclusive growth. Addressing issues of social mobility requires 
a comprehensive approach that is accessible, innovative and affordable across healthcare, education, 
financial inclusion and communities. For example, inclusive financial services can advance efforts to 
capture and build wealth over time. Additionally, it is critical to invest for more prosperous communities, 
including creating and preserving quality affordable housing for all.
GridStor is addressing the issues caused by 
intermittent renewable energy supply with grid-
scale battery storage. GridStor’s innovations 
are designed to support the transition away 
from fossil fuels toward a cleaner electricity grid 
and low-carbon future. GridStor’s sustainability 
framework applies across the platform and includes 
ESG data collection to provide aggregated 
sustainability reporting.
GridStor for Utility 
Grid–Scale Battery 
Storage
CASE STUDY
For platforms like GridStor, we aim to drive value creation across the investment process by leveraging our long-
standing experience in renewables investing and the firm’s vast resources to build and scale our investments.
SCALING UP A PLATFORM TO CREATE VALUE
Opportunities → Building Platforms to Scale
1 Business Wire: “ Battery Energy Storage Developer GridStor Acquires Portfolio of LA Basin Projects 
From Upstream Energy ,” October 2022.
Sourcing & Siting Structuring Development & Financing Operations & Execution
Breadth of local 
developer relationships; 
data-driven nodal 
analysis; rigorous site 
selection
Revenue optimization 
and risk management 
expertise; proprietary 
technology 
Unique supply chain 
insights and access; 
decades of tax equity 
and project financing 
expertise
In-house Environmental 
Health & Safety (EHS) 
and operational 
risk teams to drive 
efficiencies 
 “We believe that 
achieving a more 
inclusive economy —  
encompassing 
all economic 
participants —  is one 
of the most important 
economic imperatives 
of our time. We 
feel that economic 
growth stemming 
from increased social 
mobility will allow  
for more sustained 
and durable growth.”
Greg Shell  
Head of Inclusive Growth 
Strategy, Asset & Wealth 
Management
49 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

We are also working to scale up our Ayco 
Personal Financial Management platform, 
which is focused on helping individuals better 
understand and plan for their financial future. 
Ayco is often called upon to help people 
navigate through personal life events and the 
financial impacts that naturally follow. This 
could be a sudden influx of wealth, such as 
that which employee-owners of CHI Overhead 
Doors received when their company was sold, 
or facing a marked change in circumstances, 
such as a formerly incarcerated woman 
returning to the job market.
Ayco has created a set of services and 
trainings that support the development 
of financial literacy and wellness to help 
people through such moments of significant 
change. This training often is delivered 
through partnerships. To help former inmates 
productively reenter the workforce, Ayco 
has partnered with PayPal and the Televerde 
Foundation. For the CHI Overhead Doors 
employee-owners, Ayco partnered with a 
nonprofit and KKR.
In partnership with our corporate partner PayPal and Televerde 
Foundation, Ayco is helping currently and formerly incarcerated 
women successfully reenter the workforce by providing personal 
and professional development programs, including education on 
key financial considerations. Alongside the foundation’s PATHS 
program, Ayco hosted three financial literacy workshops in 2022 
to impart real-world financial skills (including budgeting, saving, 
and credit and debt management) among 85 participants from 
three prisons across Indiana and Arizona.2 Additional financial 
wellness sessions are scheduled in 2023.
Ayco: Partnering to Help 
Incarcerated Women Join 
the Workforce
CASE STUDY
KKR implemented an employee-ownership model at CHI Overhead Doors 
as a result of working with a nonprofit founded with the mission of helping 
all employees build wealth at work. When KKR sold its investment in CHI 
Overhead Doors in May 2022, 800 workers of the employee-owned business 
received on average $175,000 as payout on their equity.3 Ownership Works 
and KKR partnered with Ayco to provide 12 months of financial coaching 
to help the company’s workforce develop personal financial plans and 
help educate them regarding their new wealth. This is an example of how 
Ayco supports broad-based employee ownership models among portfolio 
companies across the private equity landscape, with top-to-bottom financial 
wellness offerings for everyone, from the CEO to each teammate on the 
factory floor as they come into life-changing payouts.
Ayco: Helping Employee-
Owners of CHI Overhead 
Doors Manage New Wealth
CASE STUDY
1 Ayco Personal Financial Wellness: Televerde Foundation Event, 
Post-Event Survey, 2022.
2 Ibid.
3 Ownership Works: Ownership Works —  CHI Case Study, 2023.
Opportunities → Building Platforms to Scale
85
incarcerated women 
participated in Ayco 
financial literacy training  
in 20221
87.5%
of participants said 
the content was easy 
to understand and 
relevant2
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
50

CASE STUDY
Our Firmwide Approach to 
Advancing Inclusive Growth 
in the Boardroom
At Goldman Sachs, we view companies with diverse boards of directors as better 
positioned to deliver stronger financial performance and governance. At the same 
time, board diversity is also increasingly important to our clients, from early-stage 
private companies to established public corporations.
We are taking an integrated approach to facilitating this service for our clients, our 
portfolio companies and the long-term health of our business.
In 2020, we announced that our Investment Banking business would only take 
a company public in the US or Western Europe if it had at least one diverse board 
member. In 2021, we increased this guidance to two diverse board members, one 
of whom must be a woman.
Shortly after making our initial commitment in 2020, we created the Corporate Board 
Engagement team, which helps to identify exceptional diverse board talent for our 
clients. This team has developed a disciplined process of sourcing and placing diverse 
candidates in the boardroom. This includes establishing Spotlight, a six-month program 
for select groups of diverse board candidates. Spotlight provides training and networking 
opportunities to support entry onto corporate boards and support candidates along 
their board journey. Since the Corporate Board Engagement team’s creation, we have 
helped facilitate more than 75 diverse placements at client organizations.
In addition, our Asset & Wealth Management segment’s private markets investing 
business has placed more than 75 diverse directors at portfolio company boards  
since this initiative began in 2020.
1  Black, Hispanic/Latinx, Asian.
296
75
47%
88%
companies taken public 
that have aligned with our 
commitment
diverse board member 
placements
racially/ethnically 
diverse1
women
Our Progress
as of December 2022
Opportunities → Building Platforms to Scale
51 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

CASE STUDY
 “You get into that loop where if you 
haven’t been on a board, you can’t 
get on a board. Goldman broadened 
the aperture.”
 “Goldman Sachs has taken tangible steps to drive sustainable, inclusive economic 
growth through its commitment to board diversity. Not only has Goldman increased 
the representation of Black directors on the boards of its clients, but it has also created 
a corporate directors network to help new and established directors stay current on 
relevant governance issues. Both drive long-term value for stakeholders.”
 “The power of the GS 
network drives, shapes 
and sustains future 
growth of companies 
with directors that 
reflect their customers 
and stakeholders, 
setting up corporate 
boards for success 
now and in the future.”
Sylvia Acevedo  
Board Member, Credo
Appointed in January 2022
Susannah Gray 
Board Member, Maravai LifeSciences
Appointed in November 2020
“ I set the intention of joining a public company 
board nearly five years ago and, with the help 
of the Goldman Sachs Spotlight program and 
their board placement efforts, I was introduced 
to a high-growth company and selected to join 
their board.”
Zuhairah Scott Washington 
Board Member, Olo
Appointed in December 2020
Jocelyn Moore 
Board Member, DraftKings
Appointed in September 2020
Our Firmwide 
Approach to 
Advancing Inclusive 
Growth in the 
Boardroom
CASE STUDY
What Board 
Members 
Are Saying
Opportunities → Building Platforms to Scale
52 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Circularity is an important enabler of biodiversity preservation and decarbonization. We see 
a clear role for the firm in helping to advance commercial solutions related to the circular 
economy and biodiversity: research and insights, investment strategies, advisory, partnerships, 
and conservation. As change accelerates, Goldman Sachs continues to help advance solutions 
that eliminate waste and reduce reliance on finite resources through our work with clients such 
as WM and Nexus Circular. We are also helping to foster biodiversity preservation and forest 
restoration efforts — continuing to support the protection of pristine nature preserves such as 
Karukinka Natural Park, while also helping clients like Restoration Forest Products expand their 
sustainable forestry practices. Responsible stewardship of biodiversity and circular solutions 
remains critical to the long-term health of the global economy.
We are working with our clients and partners to help transform these emerging opportunities 
into more mainstream practices for a more sustainable future. Here’s how.
Advancing Emerging 
Opportunities —  Circularity 
and Biodiversity
$1T
in investment 
needed to 
conserve 
biodiversity1
1 Goldman Sachs Research: Addressing the Financial Links 
to Natural Capital , September 2022.
Opportunities with Our Clients and Partners 
In this chapter:
54 WM Acquisition of a Controlling 
Interest in Natura PCR
55 GS SUSTAIN Report: Circular Economy: 
The Product-as-a-Service Renaissance
56 Nexus Circular Secures $150 Million Equity 
Commitment to Accelerate Momentum of 
Advanced Recycling Solution for Plastics
57 GS SUSTAIN Report: Biodiversity: Assessing 
the Financial Links to Natural Capital
58 Three New Nature-Based 
Solutions Projects for Apple
58 Bahamas Dual-Tranche Debt Financing 
for the Blue Economy
59 PBF: INVEST IN NATURE: Briefing on 
Biodiversity and Finance
60 Preserving Karukinka Natural Park
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
53

CASE STUDY
WM Acquisition of a 
Controlling Interest in 
Natura PCR
In November 2022, a subsidiary of Waste Management, Inc. (WM) acquired a controlling interest in Natura 
PCR, LLC (Natura PCR), an independent company that in turn acquired Avangard Innovative’s US post-
consumer resin (PCR) operations, with our help as financial advisor. Natura PCR is expected to develop 
recycling capacity to produce an estimated 400 million pounds per year of PCR within five years —  unlocking 
more options for hard-to-recycle flexible plastics for the industry and expanding, at scale, waste-to-market 
solutions to advance diversion of flexible plastics from landfills into circular solutions.
Natura PCR will focus on the mechanical recycling of film and flexible plastics —  some of the most complex 
plastics in the recycling stream today —  and convert these materials to PCR that can be used to replace 
virgin materials in the manufacturing of new products. Through Natura PCR, WM expects to deliver new 
recycling capabilities for its customers and provide circular solutions for films and clear plastic wrap used 
commercially, such as plastic stretch wrap for pallets, furniture film, grocery bags and FDA-approved food 
and beverage applications.
The acquisition builds on WM’s long history in environmental services and reinforces its active commitment 
to sustainability-related efforts. Prior to WM’s acquisition, Avangard Innovative was a leading provider of 
technology-driven circular economy solutions.
Opportunities → Circularity and Biodiversity
~25%
of today’s plastic 
generation consists of 
film and flexible plastics, 
but only ~5% of this waste 
stream is recycled today1
~400M
pounds per year of post-
consumer resin anticipated by 
five years by Natura PCR1
1 WM: “ WM to Acquire Controlling Interest in Avangard Innovative’s U.S. Business ,” September 2022.
 “WM’s core material supply capabilities, with the head start 
and knowledge provided by Avangard’s US business, will 
help Natura PCR quickly deliver circular options to WM’s 
customers as an important component of our continued 
growth strategy in recycling. Today, there is so much 
untapped potential to reuse film —  which impacts many  
of our commercial customers.”
Jim Fish
President & CEO, WM
54 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

A circular economy can begin to decouple economic growth 
from resource consumption, helping to reduce GHG emissions 
and limit biodiversity loss. Given these dual benefits, transitioning 
toward a more circular economy —  one in which consumption of 
ecological resources is equal to or less than what the planet can 
regenerate —  will be pivotal to advancing decarbonization and 
sustainable economic growth.
At Goldman Sachs, we help inform our clients on the circular economy through 
our research and applied insights. We also help our clients acquire and build new 
businesses founded on the principles of circularity.
Most progress on recovery and recycling is being made in developed economies. 
While landfill disposal has leveled off or declined in developed economies, cumulative 
waste continues to grow. Advancing the circular economy will involve a move toward 
reducing waste to landfills, increased resource utilization, and require a focus on 
solutions for both developed and developing economies.
GS SUSTAIN Report: 
Circular Economy: The 
Product-as-a-Service 
Renaissance
While emphasis has often been 
placed on recycling as the main 
solution enabling circularity, this 
report explores how “inner-loop” 
Product-as-a-Service (PaaS) 
solutions that prolong useful 
life —  such as repair, spare parts, 
sharing, rentals, refurbishment 
and remanufacturing —  offer a 
critical and underappreciated 
opportunity for contributing to 
a more circular economy. The 
research report expects greater 
recognition of PaaS offerings to 
be driven by both economic and 
sustainability factors. 
increase in global waste 
generation by 2050,  
at current rates1
70% 
Opportunities → Circularity and Biodiversity
The Dual Benefit of 
Circular Solutions 
1 The World Bank: “ Global Waste to Grow by 70 Percent by 
2050 Unless Urgent Action is Taken: World Bank Report ,” 
September 2018.
55 Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Catalyzing Circularity Solutions to Help Clients Reduce Plastic  
and Advance Climate Transition
Plastic waste and the carbon emissions it entails are not simply solved by substituting away 
from plastics, as alternative materials typically carry a higher emission profile per use case. 
For example, bans on plastic bags are often met with paper and mixed-material replacement 
bags that can have a higher negative climate impact, depending on their weight. Demand for 
virgin materials will be influenced by efforts to reduce consumption and increase recycled 
inputs, rather than material substitution.
One promising solution to improved recycling arises from the technological advancements in 
pyrolysis, a form of chemical recycling. Our work with clients such as Nexus Circular can help 
meet that need.
less energy to recycle 
plastic than to make it 
from raw materials1
84% 
Nexus Circular agreed to terms for an equity raise of $150 million 
with Cox Enterprises —  enabling Nexus to build additional capacity to 
serve its expanding customer base and meet the outsized demand for 
recycled-plastic products. Cox, focused on building the world’s most 
innovative businesses in clean tech and environmental sustainability, led 
the round and will become the majority owner. Goldman Sachs served 
as exclusive financial advisor to Nexus Circular in the deal, which was 
announced in January 2023.
Nexus Circular, a market-leading advanced recycling company 
at the center of the plastics circular economy, believes it is on 
a trajectory to convert billions of pounds of hard-to-recycle plastics 
into circular products to support their global partners’ 2025–2030 
sustainability commitments. Nexus’ proprietary technology and 
leading process design converts landfill-bound plastics into clean, 
high-quality ISCC Plus–certified circular products for use in the 
production of virgin-equivalent plastics to meet the recycled-content 
goals of global companies.
Nexus Circular Secures $150 Million 
Equity Commitment to Accelerate 
Momentum of Advanced Recycling 
Solution for Plastics
CASE STUDY
Opportunities → Circularity and Biodiversity
1 Goldman Sachs Research: The Evolution Towards a Circular Economy , May 2022.
2 Nexus Circular: “ Nexus Circular Secures $150 Million to Accelerate Momentum of Advanced Recycling Solution for Plastics ,” January 2023.
250M+ 
lbs. of used plastic annually 
to be processed by facilities 
Nexus plans to build2
56 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Biodiversity Preservation and Restoration  
Will Take Significant Investment
There is a significant financing gap for conserving and restoring biodiversity: Less than 10% of the approximately 
$1 trillion annual investment needed to reverse nature loss may be met today.1 Current funding comes predominantly from 
governments, but the Global Biodiversity Framework, created by the Convention on Biologic Diversity, calls for both public 
and private capital deployment for, and investment in, nature over the next decade to conserve existing biodiversity and 
begin to reverse losses.
There is opportunity here to integrate biodiversity into both country-level and company-level sustainability goals, but more 
clarity, agreement and action are needed on how to measure impact and determine where investment is most needed.
Helping Clients Take Action on Biodiversity
Heading into 2022, we advised Planet Labs (Planet), an Earth data and analytics company seeking to enable a more 
sustainable and secure planet, on their merger with dMY Technology Group IV, which resulted in Planet becoming a publicly 
traded company. Planet has created and launched a fleet of satellites that image the Earth every day, making change visible, 
accessible and actionable. Its proprietary data and software analytics solutions drive decision-making in the private and 
public sectors —  including agriculture, defense and intelligence, insurance, and finance.
For Restoration Forest Products (“RFOR,” previously named NewLife Forest Restoration), Goldman Sachs served as sole 
manager for the company’s first bond issuance —  one of the first municipal sustainability-linked bonds in the US. As a large-
scale sawmill operator in Arizona, RFOR’s mission is to restore the health of the forest in the southwestern US and to reduce 
Intended to serve as a primer for investing in biodiversity, this 
research report includes tools for investors to engage on the topic, 
including key questions for corporate management teams, as well 
as a mapping of ways to invest in biodiversity. GS SUSTAIN expects 
rising focus and investor support for three major business models 
with direct ties to biodiversity protection: 1) biodiversity consulting 
and remediation businesses; 2) landowners and management; and 
3) substitution business models. The report also identifies the impacts 
and dependencies of a wide range of industries and where leaders in 
risk management stand to benefit. 
GS SUSTAIN Report: 
Biodiversity: Assessing the 
Financial Links to Natural Capital
CASE STUDY
1 Goldman Sachs Research: Addressing the Financial Links to Natural Capital , September 2022.
Opportunities → Circularity and Biodiversity
57 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

the incidence of catastrophic wildfires that have resulted in massive emissions of carbon 
dioxide. RFOR’s forest restoration operation, in collaboration with the US Forest Service, is one 
of the largest landscape-scale forest restoration projects in the US.
We also recently helped Apple invest in high-quality, sustainably certified working forestry 
operations in Brazil and Paraguay. And, for the Commonwealth of the Bahamas, in conjunction 
with the Inter-American Development Bank, we assisted in financing to help advance and 
protect the “blue economy” —  the sustainable use of marine resources.
Goldman Sachs partnered with Apple and Conservation 
International to launch a US$200 million fund to invest in 
nature-based solutions that seek to generate a financial 
return while removing carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. 
In 2022, the fund invested in three high-quality forestry 
strategies with like-minded investors in Brazil and Paraguay 
to restore 150,000 acres of sustainably certified working 
forests and protect roughly 100,000 acres of native forests, 
grasslands and wetlands. Together, these initial forestry 
projects are forecast to remove 1 million metric tons of 
carbon dioxide from the atmosphere by 2025.
Three New Nature-Based 
Solutions Projects for Apple1
CASE STUDY
1M
metric tons of CO2 projected 
to be removed from the 
atmosphere by 2025
Goldman Sachs acted as sole global coordinator and joint bookrunner for 
the Commonwealth of the Bahamas’ US$385 million dual-tranche debt offering 
partially guaranteed by the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB). IDB’s 
$200 million policy-based guarantee includes reforms and actions to foster 
business recovery for micro-, small- and medium-sized enterprises in the 
“blue economy” (i.e., sustainable use of oceanic resources) and prospecting 
investment projects suitable for blue bond financing. It also includes reforms 
to promote digitalization in the blue economy, strengthen resilience through 
improved climate risk management in coastal and offshore areas, promote better 
management of marine resources, and reduce marine pollution. 
Bahamas Dual-Tranche Debt 
Financing for the Blue Economy
CASE STUDY
95% 
of the 260,000 square 
miles of the Bahamas’ 
exclusive economic 
zone is marine space2
~22%
of the Bahamas’ GDP —  up 
to 50%, including indirect 
impacts —  attributed to the 
blue economy2
1 Apple: “Apple calls on global supply chain to decarbonize by 2030 ,” October 2022.
2 Inter-American Development Bank: “ The Bahamas Advances Creation of Social and Inclusive Blue Economy using IDB Guarantee ,” February 2022.
58 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Circularity and Biodiversity

While we are helping our clients make progress through these commercial efforts to 
advance solutions with positive biodiversity impacts, there is more work to be done.
As the global loss of biodiversity and habitats accelerates, the economy and human 
well-being face profound disruptions. Climate change and a growing population with 
expanding material demands have put increased pressure on biodiversity, with today’s 
rate of species extinction around a thousand times the natural and historical rate.1 
This is happening in a world where over half of total GDP depends directly on the 
natural world.2
As a result, biodiversity loss contributes to a series of global risk factors that our clients 
are considering:
•  Human health risk —  Ecosystem stress increases the risk of transmission of zoonotic 
diseases. And loss of biodiversity can have disproportionate effects on the most 
vulnerable communities, which tend to be rural.
•  Economic risk —  All economic activity presupposes a livable world, with clean air, 
clean water and a habitable climate. The food we eat depends on animal pollination, 
which is at increasing risk from biodiversity destruction.
•  Climate risk —  Biodiversity is closely linked to decarbonization. Achieving global net 
zero emission goals relies on existing natural carbon sinks, such as rain forests and 
coral reefs, to continue sequestering carbon. 
PBF: INVEST IN NATURE: 
Briefing on Biodiversity 
and Finance
1 Paulson Institute: Financing Nature: Closing the Global Biodiversity Financing Gap , 2020.
2 World Economic Forum: Nature Risk Rising: Why the Crisis Engulfing Nature Matters for Business and the Economy , 2020.
This report from the Partnership of Biodiversity and Finance 
(PBF) highlights commercial efforts and partnerships focused 
on conservation and biodiversity. It opens with why biodiversity 
matters, given the accelerating, widespread loss of biodiversity and 
ecosystems due to human activity, and the profound implications 
for people’s well-being and the global economy. It discusses urgent 
actions to address and close today’s financing gaps for biodiversity 
and climate solutions, and the good practices and actions being 
undertaken by PBF members, including partnerships and commercial 
engagements involving Goldman Sachs.
CASE STUDY
 “Energy transition and 
the preservation of 
vital ecosystems are 
complex challenges 
that will require a myriad 
of solutions across 
the public and private 
sector. Development banks  
and nonprofits have proven  
to be powerful partners 
in helping us transform 
nascent ideas into tangible 
solutions for clients.”
Kara Mangone
Global Head of Climate 
Strategy
Opportunities → Circularity and Biodiversity
59 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Recognizing a unique opportunity to preserve an important part of the world’s biodiversity, 
Goldman Sachs partnered with the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) to ensure that Karukinka 
Natural Park, one of the great wild places left on Earth, remains protected and undisturbed. 
The partnership leverages a model that engages the private sector, conservationists and local 
people —  encouraging the cooperation of local communities.
Our involvement began in 2002, when the firm acquired a substantial tract of beautiful, 
ecologically diverse land in Tierra del Fuego at the southern tip of South America, and later 
donated it for conservation in perpetuity. In 2004, Goldman Sachs and WCS announced an 
unprecedented partnership to form Karukinka Natural Park and preserve it as a major ecological 
resource. Today, Karukinka spans over 735,000 acres. The resulting partnership stands as 
one of the most significant contributions of private land for ongoing conservation. In 2022, 
we provided additional financial support for park ranger activity in the park.
Karukinka is home to populations of iconic species such as guanacos, condors, flamingos and 
the highly endangered Culpeo fox. Marine wildlife such as elephant seals, leopard seals, whales 
and dolphins, and penguins and seabirds, including the magnificent black-browed eye albatross, 
wander its coasts and seas. Karukinka holds 80% of Tierra del Fuego’s peatlands, a natural  
carbon sink containing more than 290 million tons of carbon dioxide.
Karukinka presents a rich opportunity for forest-to-sea conservation, linking to Alberto de 
Agostini National Park and Admiralty Sound, where WCS established a Marine Protected Area. 
This pristine, remote ecological park is now in its 19th year as a protected preserve.
CASE STUDY
Preserving 
Karukinka 
Natural Park
60 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Opportunities → Circularity and Biodiversity

Developing Tools and 
Solutions to Drive Better 
Decision‑Making and 
Outcomes
Today’s data landscape is complex. Robust approaches to quantifying sustainability are 
still evolving, and essential questions, such as how best to measure impacts and assess 
resiliency in relation to various risk factors, are still in the process of being addressed. 
We are developing metrics to help drive decarbonization and forward-looking planning 
and analysis, while providing our investor and corporate clients with proprietary diagnostic 
tools to help them understand both sustainability performance and context, as they 
continue to evolve.
We are working with our clients and partners to mobilize development of solutions to 
capture meaningful, decision-useful metrics. Here’s how.
>7,000  
Opportunities with Our Clients and Partners 
In this chapter:
63 GS Climate Transition Tool: Quantifying 
Transparency and Performance
64 Partnership for Better Reporting of 
Climate Data
65 Portfolio Diagnostic Tool for Wealth 
Management Clients
66 Carbon Portfolio Analytics and Climate 
Transition Metrics Shared on Marquee
public companies across 
52 sectors covered 
by our GS Climate 
Transition tool
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
61

Reliability of sustainability data remains a key challenge for many companies, 
institutions and investors in the implementation of their sustainability strategies, 
including measuring, tracking and monitoring portfolio progress against targets and 
commitments. Making data actionable starts with accurate measurement.
Goldman Sachs continues to develop and deliver advanced data and metrics, including proprietary solutions, 
to help clients identify opportunities and allocate capital to meet their sustainability objectives. We continue to 
advance tools and solutions to help companies, asset managers and investors more consistently and effectively 
evaluate progress, particularly against their decarbonization goals.
This includes assessing climate transition profiles of specific companies, analyzing the carbon impact of 
investments and understanding the sustainability factors within portfolios.
Opportunities → Driving Better Decision-Making and Outcomes
1
Choose what  
to measure
2
Collect and  
measure it
3
Aggregate  
and curate
4
Turn into  
actionable insights
Select meaningful  
metrics
Collect data from various 
sources efficiently
Ensure robustness  
and coverage
Provide scalable and 
decision-useful tools  
and analytics
Leveraging Insights  
and Intelligence to  
Drive Performance  
for Our Clients
62 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

CASE STUDY
GS Climate Transition Tool: 
Quantifying Transparency 
and Performance
A successful energy transition warrants companies that provide solutions, 
innovation and ability to improve/decarbonize their own operations. To measure 
this, our GS SUSTAIN team believes investors will look for the 3 P’s: Plan, Path 
and Performance —  with a focus on Green Revenue, Green CapEx, greenhouse 
gas emissions intensity, emissions avoidance and management accountability. 
Our GS SUSTAIN team is focusing greater attention on these metrics in 
its data tools to help clients measure financial performance and Climate 
Transition progress.1
New in 2022, the Climate Transition tool from our GS SUSTAIN research 
team fuses existing climate-related disclosures with GS SUSTAIN proprietary 
datasets to help provide a more forward-looking lens into a company’s climate 
transition plan and decarbonization performance. It focuses on transition plan 
transparency and transition performance. The Transition Plan Transparency 
framework is an assessment of metrics demonstrating whether companies have 
a transition strategy in place (e.g., targets) and how integrated the strategy is 
with the broader business strategy, and also considers the quality of emissions 
reporting (e.g., Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures alignment). 
The Transition Performance framework is a sector-relative assessment, 
factoring in changes in the carbon emissions profile of a company and green 
business mix exposures (e.g., green revenue), incorporating our research 
analysts’ forward-looking estimates where applicable. 
Opportunities → Driving Better Decision-Making and Outcomes
>7,000
3,200+
Americas
2,600+ 
APAC
1,200+  
EMEA
public companies covered 
across 52 sectors
22 
metrics assessed across eight of 10 
categories outlined in the IIGCC Net 
Zero Investment Framework
Use Cases
Engagement: comparing company performance  
with industry and regional peers
Leveraging proprietary metrics: Goldman Sachs 
green revenue and green CapEx estimates help to fill 
gaps in critical data not widely available from existing 
company disclosures
Portfolio analysis: assessing how portfolios perform  
and finding areas of opportunities for improvement
1 Goldman Sachs Research: Accelerating the Energy Transition: Metrics and tools to measure progress , 
November 2022.
63 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Developing Next-Generation Metrics to Inform Actions That Drive 
Real-World Decarbonization
An overreliance on the volume of historical GHG emissions can lead investment managers to 
avoid energy-intensive sectors and allocate more capital toward low-emission sectors when 
seeking to lower portfolio-level financed emissions. This may look good on paper, but better 
assessments exist to both drive long-term value creation and support decarbonization. 
While significant progress has been made in recent years to understand and measure factors 
such as GHG emissions in increasingly refined ways, there is a need to identify and share 
metrics that will help drive capital toward real-world decarbonization.
To improve the reporting ecosystem companies 
use on climate, our Private Markets Investing 
business in AWM has partnered with a climate 
management platform. The partnership helps 
enable our portfolio companies to cost-effectively 
streamline their carbon management processes, 
from measurement and target-setting to reduction 
efforts and annual reporting. The team reviewed 
more than 20 tools and chose a solution that 
advances sustainability outcomes for our portfolio 
companies and enables us to source and report 
better data. 
Partnership for 
Better Reporting of 
Climate Data
CASE STUDY
Current Market Approach
Emissions targeting
Next-Generation Approach
Real-world impact alignment
•  Focus on measuring volume of historical  
GHG emissions
•  This can be achieved by investment managers 
through sector tilt toward, for example, 
underweighting energy-intensive sectors or 
selecting lower-carbon-intensity companies 
within a sector
•  Use of forward-looking tools, seeking to identify 
those who can succeed in a low-carbon 
transition environment
•  Need to put more money where the carbon 
is, even if this results in higher short-term 
portfolio-financed emissions
Opportunities → Driving Better Decision-Making and Outcomes  “We see a need 
for an EBITDA of 
decarbonization 
equivalent —  to 
capture nuance that 
emissions metrics in 
themselves cannot and 
that would translate 
to more accurate 
valuation of commercial 
opportunities. Investors 
need a different set 
of metrics to measure 
climate transition at the 
portfolio level. We are 
working on this.”
John Waldron
President and Chief  
Operating Officer
64 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Goldman Sachs is working to develop and apply smarter versions of metrics to:
  Measure risks: Using forward-looking tools to manage risk, such as future carbon 
costs, abatement potential and future capacity for lower-carbon products
  Track alignment: Assessing portfolio companies’ alignment with climate goals by 
distinguishing corporate plans that are concrete and feasible and demonstrate 
specific actions
  Assess real-world decarbonization outcomes: Ambition does not necessarily translate 
into actions, and actions do not necessarily translate into results. Assessing whether actual 
decarbonization progress is being made will take a new set of litmus tests.
Partnering on Open-Data and Open-Source Analytics
Goldman Sachs is the founding US bank member of OS-Climate, an open-source platform for 
climate data and analytical tools to help support companies and organizations in achieving 
their climate-related ambitions. This nonprofit platform is developing open-data and open-
source analytics for climate risk management and climate-aligned finance and investing. Initial 
tools released by OS-Climate include assessment of physical risk, transition analysis and the 
Implied Temperature Rise (ITR) model for portfolio alignment.
Putting Tools and Solutions in the Hands  
of Institutional and Individual Investors
Marquee, Goldman Sachs’ digital marketplace for institutional investors, delivers cross-asset 
access to global markets. We deliver our pricing data, risk analytics, market insights and trading 
solutions through this platform built for the future of digital finance.
We have added tools to Marquee to help our clients understand and manage sustainability 
characteristics of their equity and credit portfolios. These include tools, such as our Carbon 
Portfolio Analytics, that provide access to Scope 1 and Scope 2 reported and estimated 
carbon emissions as well as our proprietary GS SUSTAIN Climate Transition metrics. Marquee’s 
ESG client portal provides ESG commentary from Global Markets and thought leadership from 
the GS SUSTAIN research team, ESG fund flow analytics, an overview of our ESG thematic 
baskets and API access to ESG datasets. Similarly, our Private Wealth Management clients 
leverage our bespoke ESG Portfolio Diagnostic tool.
1
2
3
Our Private Wealth Management clients — ultra-high-net-worth 
individuals, family offices and nonprofit organizations —  have access 
to a public market diagnostic tool to help them articulate, refine 
and work toward their long-term sustainable investing goals. 
Clients can leverage curated metrics relevant to climate transition 
and inclusive growth factors to assist with risk management, 
transparency, accountability and engagement around sustainability 
and impact objectives. The tool helps provide a deeper dive into 
a portfolio’s financed carbon emissions, such as carbon intensity 
by sector, helps investors explore exposure to specific business 
activities and tracks a portfolio’s alignment with the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs). 
Portfolio Diagnostic Tool for 
Wealth Management Clients
CASE STUDY
Opportunities → Driving Better Decision-Making and Outcomes
 “Working with clients, we realized 
that many 1.0 approaches 
to climate targets had some 
fundamental issues —  they were 
backward looking and drove easy 
‘paper’ decarbonization gains 
while penalizing investments in 
the real economy that had the 
potential for profit and real-world 
impact. Building off the great work 
done by NN Investment Partners 
and our own GS SUSTAIN team, 
we are focused on a 2.0 approach 
to these climate metrics. This next-
generation approach is forward-
looking, multifaceted and allows 
investment where the carbon 
is — seeking to enhance return and 
climate impact through real-world 
decarbonization.” 
John Goldstein
Head of Sustainable Finance Group
65 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

CASE STUDY
Carbon Portfolio Analytics 
and Climate Transition Metrics 
Shared on Marquee
Goldman Sachs has launched a Carbon Portfolio Analytics tool on Marquee to help investors measure 
and manage their carbon emissions exposure across public equities and credit portfolios. Marquee also 
incorporates GS SUSTAIN’s Climate Transition Plan Transparency and Transition Performance metrics.
Beyond supplying carbon data, these offerings provide tools and analytics designed to empower clients 
to better understand their portfolio risks and opportunities from a carbon perspective —  to aid in portfolio 
construction and inform their investment decisions. In addition, when equity or corporate credit clients  
use our pre-trade analytics within Marquee, they can compare the Environmental & Social (E&S) and 
Governance (G) rating of their portfolio to a benchmark using a proprietary methodology developed by  
our GS SUSTAIN research team that covers more than 7,000 companies across 52 sectors.
Opportunities → Driving Better Decision-Making and Outcomes
~1.6K 
individual clients used 
Marquee’s Carbon Portfolio 
Analytics tool in 2022
66 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report

Driving Sustainability 
in Our Operations 
and Supply Chain
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
67

Driving Sustainability in Our 
Operations and Supply Chain
Managing our operations and supply chain is integral to operating the firm sustainably. 
Here, we share how we seek to make progress across our efforts to minimize the firm’s 
impact on the environment and actively foster a diverse and sustainable supply chain. 
Our experience in managing our business also enables us to advise and support our 
clients on their operational sustainability objectives.
We have continued to build on our existing state of 
carbon neutrality across our operations and business 
travel since 2015, with an expanded commitment 
to achieve net zero by 2030 in our operations 
and supply chain. We have made progress toward 
this goal, with a focus on key initiatives across our 
operations and our supply chain. 
Our Operations
In 2022, we maintained Leadership in Energy and 
Environmental Design (LEED) Gold certification or 
its equivalent across our global portfolio. As we 
plan, design and construct new workplaces, we 
are seeking low-carbon strategies and sustainable 
designs that reduce energy use, carbon emissions 
and potable water consumption to the greatest 
extent feasible and continue to evaluate opportunities 
for ongoing operational efficiencies. As of 2022, 
71% of our global square footage has been LEED 
(or equivalent) certified.
We also source renewable electricity equivalent to 
100% of our global consumption and we play a role 
in enabling new renewable electricity to be brought 
to the grid in key locations where we operate. The 
macro environment has created new challenges and 
opportunities for us as we seek renewable energy 
solutions that achieve our quality standards for 
directly sourced, new energy. Over the past year, we 
have partnered across the firm and with renewable 
energy developers as they navigated supply chain– 
and tariff-related issues on solar power purchase 
agreements in select target markets.
68 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Driving Sustainability in Our Operations and Supply Chain

Our Supply Chain
Building on the previous year’s progress, we took steps in 2022 to improve our understanding of the emissions in 
our supply chain by asking our top vendors to provide their environmental data and climate strategies. We utilized 
key findings from their responses to offer resources and training on greenhouse gas inventory management and 
provided direct and tailored feedback to over 30 vendors across a range of industries.
Accurately understanding vendor-specific emissions and strategies helps improve our ability to support our vendors’ 
decarbonization goals. We are also beginning to leverage the expertise of commercial decarbonization teams within 
our business, including our Sustainable Banking Group, to support our vendors, and other companies, on their 
journeys to net zero.
We recognize that a portion of Scope 1, 2 and 3 operational and supply chain emissions 1 will not be eliminated through 
these reduction strategies and will require investments in carbon avoidance and removal credits. Working with internal 
stakeholders, we have established a governance framework around potential carbon credit purchases in the context 
of sourcing for our own operational commitments, to ensure they meet our criteria around quality, organizational 
priorities and emerging best practices.
1 The GHG Protocol Corporate Standard classifies a company’s GHG emissions into three “scopes.” Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources. 
Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy. Scope 3 emissions are all indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value 
chain of the reporting company, including both upstream and downstream emissions.
69 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Driving Sustainability in Our Operations and Supply Chain

Progress Toward Our  
2025 Operational Goals
Our efforts to drive sustainability in our own operations and supply chain include broader 
sustainability milestones, including, but not limited to, energy and emissions impact, where 
we have several near-term targets for 2025 to measure progress. Actions taken this year build 
on momentum gained in prior years, although external conditions —  including global energy 
prices and supply chain disruption —  presented some near-term challenges. Management of 
our operations and facilities globally remains key to driving progress toward our goals, as we 
continue to lower our energy, water and emissions against our 2017 baseline.
Energy Use
Against the backdrop of rising global energy prices over the last year, monitoring facility performance and adapting 
energy management practices have proven important tools for helping to mitigate facility risk, while seeking to 
reduce our energy consumption. Globally, we are now leveraging data from our newly deployed building analytics 
tools to execute initiatives to reduce energy consumption, such as adjusting occupancy detection lighting, building 
temperatures and mechanical ventilation schedules. These practices are being evaluated to determine how we 
might apply them on a larger scale.
Water Use
We continue to drive efficiencies in our consumption of water across our global portfolio, such as specifying 
low-flow plumbing fixtures, rainwater collection and reuse systems in our new offices. In India, where water scarcity 
is a concern, our Bengaluru campus became one of the first commercial offices in India to implement a Zero Liquid 
Discharge system that reduces use of fresh water by converting processed reject water from water treatment 
systems into clean water. This new technology was integrated into our existing onsite water recycling system to 
operate at a higher efficiency than more conventional solutions in the market.
Waste Reduction
We continue to explore ways to reduce our waste and divert waste from landfill. These have included introducing 
digital tools for our kitchen teams to weigh food and benchmark against industry sites to identify waste-reduction 
opportunities; recycling and composting our coffee grinds; and creating partnerships with nonprofits in the US, such 
as Goodr, to donate excess food from our onsite cafeterias to those struggling with hunger. In Bengaluru, we partner 
with several waste management service providers using innovative technology to convert waste into commercial 
goods to help reduce and recycle our office waste. In Australia and China, workplace refurbishments enabled us to 
expand our furniture donation program to extend the life of office furniture.
Engaging Our People
Education is a key element to engaging our people on steps they can take to minimize the firm’s impact on the 
environment. In 2022, we launched online training for our new analysts to cover the firm’s sustainability commitments 
and emphasize key areas where individual actions can make meaningful contributions to our goals, including 
minimizing the consumption of single-use disposable items, adhering to proper waste management guidelines 
and going digital.
Our people have increasingly chosen digital platforms over print options, resulting in a 77% reduction in print paper 
use per capita since 2017. Additionally, digital business cards were introduced in 2022, which helped our people 
further reduce firmwide paper consumption and waste.
70 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Driving Sustainability in Our Operations and Supply Chain

Sourcing from local and sustainable producers remains a key focus for us and has included the introduction of 
food produced by indoor vertical farms in our New York cafeteria. In our café operations globally, we continued to 
showcase new product offerings with environmental benefits from small, diverse and social enterprise companies. 
Unique offerings included reusable plant-based water bottles from nonprofit Bottle Up, and “plastic negative” 
chocolate bars from Prodigy Snacks, which help fund the removal of ocean-bound plastic. In addition to helping 
drive awareness of the firm’s focus on sustainability, these opportunities provide early consumer feedback and the 
experience of operating in a retail environment to these small businesses.
Onsite Events
We also place sustainability at the core of planning and delivering our onsite events. For example, at our European 
Carbonomics event, clients were offered in-season menus from small and local suppliers, and we reduced our 
reliance on paper through a variety of new digital tools. We also promoted accessibility for our content by using 
assisted audio technology, recordings and legible resources.
Progress toward 2025 ESG Commitments 
Category 2022 Status 2025 Goal
Carbon and Energy
Reduce energy intensity by 20% from a 2017 baseline for offices under operational control -34% -20%
Water
Reduce water intensity by 15% from a 2017 baseline for offices under operational control -33% -15%
Responsible Sourcing
Remove 100% of plastic beverage bottles and disposables from on-site cafeterias, micro-markets and vending machines globally 20% 100%
Reduce internal paper use per-capita by 30% from a 2017 baseline -77% -30%
Procure 100% green cleaning products for on-site cafeterias globally 47% 100%
Procure 50% sustainably sourced food for on-site cafeterias globally 12% 50%
Supply chain
Assess 100% of vendors with inherently higher ESG risk 97% 100%
Increase spend with small and diverse vendors by 50% from a 2020 baseline 70% 50%
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
71 
Driving Sustainability in Our Operations and Supply Chain

Sustainable Supply  
Chain Management
As part of our continued focus on building a responsible 
supply chain, in 2022, we updated and reissued our 
Vendor Code of Conduct (“the Code”) to all of our active 
vendors. While working closely alongside our vendors 
as they navigated macro supply chain challenges in 
the past year, we also reiterated our expectations for 
vendors to act in accordance with the Code. The Code 
addresses ethical business practices, and labor and 
human rights —  including paying living wages, plus creating 
inclusive workforce practices and diverse supply chains —  
addressing the environmental impact of the vendor’s 
business and managing business continuity risk in the 
provision of goods and services to us. We also progressed 
our commitment to assess 100% of vendors for ESG 
risk by 2025.
We continue to partner closely with teams that have 
vendor management and sourcing responsibilities, each 
year hosting training sessions on the key requirements 
of our sustainable supply chain program. In addition to 
mandatory online training on modern slavery, we partnered 
with International Justice Mission UK, a global nonprofit 
working to protect people in poverty from modern slavery 
and human trafficking, to provide training for teams that 
have vendor management and sourcing responsibilities.
 
Vendor Diversity
In 2022, the firm spent more than $450 million with small 
and diverse vendors. This represents a 70% increase from 
our 2020 baseline, exceeding our commitment of a 50% 
increase by 2025 and bringing our cumulative spend to 
over $1 billion in just three years. The percentage of our 
addressable spend with small and diverse vendors also 
increased from 5% to 7%.
We are setting a new goal for 2025: to spend a further 
$1.5 billion with small and diverse vendors over the next 
three years.
2022 DIVERSE SPEND
Total $ small and  
diverse spend
% with Tier 21
>$450M
31%
% of small and diverse  
spend with minority- & 
women-owned businesses
% of total addressable spend 
70%
7%
1 Tier 2 spend is direct and indirect subcontracted spend with a 
small and/or diverse vendor through a non-diverse vendor.
72 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Driving Sustainability in Our Operations and Supply Chain

Creating Growth 
Through Partnership
Scanlon, Rabinowitz & Davis Legal 
Group PLLC (SRD), a woman-
owned law firm and graduate of 
10,000 Small Businesses, has 
been providing legal services to 
Goldman Sachs since 2016. The 
partnership continues to drive 
creative solutions across our firm 
and exponential growth for SRD. 
This transformative growth has 
enabled SRD to give back to the 
local communities —  helping to 
support student scholarships at 
LaGuardia Community College, 
making contributions to the 
American Heart Association, NJ 
LEEP and other not-for-profit 
organizations, and creating 
jobs in vulnerable communities 
by engaging veterans and 
military spouse attorneys and 
professionals, who now represent 
26% of the team at SRD.
US AND UK ECONOMIC IMPACT SUMMARY  
OF OUR SMALL AND DIVERSE VENDOR SPEND  
OVER THE PAST THREE YEARS (2020–2022) 
Vendor Diversity Progress Summary
In 2022, we built on our strategy to increase awareness and drive accountability for our 
vendor-related goals, expanding our Vendor Diversity Steering Group to include leaders from 
our Diversity and Inclusion team and Office of Corporate Engagement, helping us to further 
leverage the firm’s combined DEI expertise for the benefit of the small and diverse vendors 
we engage. We delivered a series of targeted training sessions to key buying groups across 
the firm and developed a network of champions within our sourcing teams to advocate for 
specific diverse business groups.
We continue to partner with diverse business advocacy organizations, becoming a founding 
member of OutBritain, the advocacy body for LGBTQ+ businesses in the UK and sponsoring 
the MSDUK conference “High Growth Business” award. We focused efforts on helping to 
support the growth of small and diverse businesses outside of the US, delivering training on 
“How to Do Business with Large Corporates” to our 10,000 Small Businesses UK population 
and certified MSDUK and WEConnect International businesses. In partnership with the Office 
of Corporate Engagement and WEConnect International, we hosted a webinar for our India-
based 10,000 Women alumni on the benefits of certification for women entrepreneurs and 
opportunities within our Vendor Diversity Program.
We remain focused on increasing the diversity of our subcontracted spend through our Tier 2 
program.1 In partnership with MSDUK, we hosted a webinar on “Establishing and Growing a 
Vendor Diversity Program” for our prime non-diverse vendors in the UK and provided support 
to them in tracking and increasing diversity in their own supply chains.
1 Tier 1 spend is contracted spend between Goldman Sachs and a small and/or diverse vendor. Tier 2 spend is 
direct and indirect subcontracted spend with a small and/or diverse vendor through a non-diverse vendor.
In 2023, we partnered with Proximo, a diverse-owned data 
analytics firm, to understand the economic impact of our 
Vendor Diversity Program in two of our key markets, the 
United States and the United Kingdom.
Between 2020 and 2022, as we progressed toward our 
2025 public commitment, our Tier 1 spend 1 with small and 
diverse vendors is estimated to have supported an average 
of 2,260 jobs per year, translating to over $360 million in 
wages and an overall $1.2 billion in Total Economic Impact 
across the United States and United Kingdom.
In 2022 alone, our US spend helped to enable workforce 
growth across our diverse vendor base, with approximately 
1,500 new hires and a net gain of approximately 620 
jobs supported; 19% of these jobs were held by the Black 
community, over-indexing the general population by nearly 
40%. In the UK, 53% of jobs were held by ethnic minorities, 
over-indexing the general population by nearly 100%.
Based on the data gathered in this economic impact 
assessment, over 90% of our small and diverse vendors 
surveyed believe working with Goldman Sachs has or may 
have helped provide opportunities to grow their business.
Average number of jobs 
supported per annum
2,260
Wages paid
$ Total Economic Impact
>$360M
$1.2B
73 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Driving Sustainability in Our Operations and Supply Chain

Spotlights from  
Our Global Program
EMEA
Since 2020, Goldman Sachs has been 
a member of MSDUK, the UK advocacy 
agency for Ethnic Minority-Owned 
Businesses (EMBs). Mayank Shah, 
founder and CEO of MSDUK, enrolled 
in the 10,000 Small Businesses UK 
program in 2011, with the program playing 
a fundamental role in the organization’s 
growth over the following 10 years.
 “The 10KSB program was perfectly 
designed for businesses like MSDUK. It 
allowed me space to be ‘on the business’ 
and not ‘in the business’ and enabled 
me to lead MSDUK to its next 10 years of 
sustained growth, supporting over 3,000 
Ethnic Minority-Owned Businesses.
 “MSDUK has since partnered with the UK 
10KSB program, helping over 60 EMBs 
join the program and manage their own 
growth whilst simultaneously bringing 
new 10KSB alumni EMBs into the MSDUK 
network. Many are also now mentoring 
young entrepreneurs as part of the 
MSDUK accelerator.
 “EMBs play an important role in the 
British economy and participation in the 
10KSB program enables them to take 
their business to the next level whilst 
concurrently providing them access to  
a very influential network.”
Mayank Shah 
Founder & CEO  
MSDUK
US APAC
We prioritized partnering with our 
10,000 Small Businesses population 
to support the delivery of our 10KSB 
Washington Summit in July, with nearly 
40 alumni engaged over the three 
days providing experiential activities, 
photography and videography services. 
Riveo Creative, for example, provided 
videography services for our “My Small 
Business Story” booth, enabling 10,000 
Small Businesses  alumni to tell their 
stories. Creative Agency LGND supported 
the development of the summit branding 
vision and the marketing assets. 
 “My time in the Goldman Sachs 10,000 
Small Businesses program stands out as an 
inflection point in the growth of LGND and 
my personal ability to help lead its success. 
From the program’s education materials 
to the personalized business mentorship 
I received, I’m grateful to 10KSB and its 
community of small business owners in 
helping me create LGND’s growth plan 
and define the important details needed 
to realize it.
 “Now as a Goldman Sachs vendor and 
a 10KSB graduate, LGND is not only 
helping with marketing support for the 
very same program that helped us, but 
we have become a marketing partner for 
other Goldman Sachs signature Diversity 
events, including the Advancing Allyship 
Conference and the Veterans Symposium.”
Patrick Sims 
Founder & Managing Partner, 
LGND
M Moser Associates , a woman-owned 
global architecture and design firm, has 
been a key provider of architectural 
services to Goldman Sachs in APAC since 
2020, providing workplace solutions for 
our offices in China.
 “As a woman-owned business, creating 
value-based work environments that are 
inclusive and focused on enhancing well-
being, with a commitment to making them 
as sustainable as possible, has been our 
driving mission for decades. Working with 
Goldman Sachs has enabled us to bring 
this mission to life in almost 40 projects 
across three continents, including several 
LEED Gold certified workplaces in Beijing, 
Shanghai and Singapore and in -progress 
projects across North America.”
Moira Moser  
FAIA, FHKIA, FCTBUH, NCARB
Chairman & Founder,
M Moser Associates
74 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Driving Sustainability in Our Operations and Supply Chain

Governance
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
75

By integrating climate and sustainability risk oversight into our 
centralized governance structures, we manage a broad spectrum 
of financial and nonfinancial risks across our businesses. 
Throughout all levels of the firm, we recognize that responsibly 
managing our business is paramount, and that our people are 
critical to that effort. We focus on providing our employees with 
the tools and resources they need to effectively identify and 
escalate potential risks in their day-to-day activities.
Board of Directors
Our Board and its committees are responsible for overseeing 
the management of the firm’s most significant risks. Given the 
interdisciplinary nature of the oversight of sustainability, and 
the financial and nonfinancial risks related to these activities, 
including climate-related risks, the Board carries out its oversight 
of these matters directly, at the full Board level, as well as 
through its committees. This may include periodic updates on 
the firm’s sustainability strategy, including the firm’s approach, 
objectives and progress, discussions regarding the climate 
models the firm utilizes to assess physical and transition risks, 
and reviews of our sustainability- and climate-related reporting, 
as well as presentations on initiatives such as One Million 
Black Women.
Senior Management
Various committees and groups oversee our transaction 
selection decisions and risk management processes.
The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee  is responsible 
for overseeing all of our financial and nonfinancial risks. 
As part of that oversight, the committee is responsible for the 
ongoing review, approval and monitoring of our enterprise risk 
management framework, as well as our risk limits and thresholds 
policy, through delegated authority to the Firmwide Risk Appetite 
Committee. The Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee also 
reviews new significant strategic business initiatives to determine 
whether they are consistent with our risk appetite and risk 
management capabilities. Additionally, the Firmwide Enterprise 
Risk Committee performs enhanced reviews of significant risk 
events, the top residual and emerging risks, and the overall risk 
and control environment in each of our business units in order 
to propose uplifts, identify elements that are common to all 
business units and analyze the consolidated residual risks that 
we face. This committee, which reports to the Management 
Committee, is co-chaired by our president and chief operating 
officer and our chief risk officer, who are appointed as chairs 
by our chief executive officer, and the vice-chair is our chief 
financial officer, who is appointed as vice-chair by the chairs  
of the Firmwide Enterprise Risk Committee.
Our aspiration to be the world’s 
most exceptional financial 
institution, united by our shared 
values of partnership, client 
service, integrity and excellence, 
is supported by strong governance 
structures from our Board of 
Directors and throughout our 
management structure.
76 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Governance

Our Firmwide Reputational Risk Committee  is responsible for 
assessing reputational risks arising from transactions that have 
been identified as having potential heightened reputational 
risk, pursuant to the criteria established by the Firmwide 
Reputational Risk Committee and as determined by committee 
leadership. Our Firmwide Climate Steering Group provides 
oversight of key climate-related risk and opportunity decisions, 
reviews progress, and provides feedback on climate-related 
and environmental strategy, risk management, integration and 
capabilities more broadly. Our Physical Commodities Review 
Group ensures that we maintain a consistent approach to 
evaluating and managing environmental, health, and safety 
(EHS) risks associated with engaging in, investing in or financing 
physical commodity-related activities.
Key Groups  
and Guidelines
Key Groups
Within our Executive Office, our Sustainable Finance Group 
(SFG) serves as the centralized group that drives sustainability 
strategy and related efforts across our firm, including 
commercial efforts alongside the firm’s businesses —  all with 
the goal of advancing the success of our clients and their 
sustainability objectives.
In addition, teams within Legal and Compliance examine 
and advise the firm on legal, regulatory and reputational 
environmental, social and governance risks. At an operational 
level, in-house Risk specialist teams are responsible for the 
development of the firm’s climate-related and environmental 
risk program, including setting and evaluating risk appetite, 
quantifying climate-related risk, and integrating that risk into 
business and risk management practices. Select teams within 
the Risk division also guide environmental, health and safety 
standards for our investing activities and perform EHS due 
diligence on proposed investment transactions to help business 
teams identify and mitigate potential risk. Controllers  are 
responsible for the tracking and review of progress toward select 
firmwide sustainability-related targets, coordinating with SFG 
and various divisional teams to ensure the consistency, accuracy 
and completeness of reporting toward these targets.
Our Corporate and Workplace Solutions  division manages 
sustainability-related initiatives across the firm’s operations  
and supply chain.
We also have a Sustainable Asset Working Group (SAWG) 
that discusses, guides, and validates sustainable client offerings 
and attributions at the transaction and product-level, as well 
as applies our allocation methodology for allocations toward 
our firmwide $750 billion sustainable finance commitment. The 
target is built on commercial activity that is aligned with our firm’s 
Sustainable Finance Framework. SAWG also governs the firm’s 
Sustainable Issuance Framework and the sustainable issuances. 
Finally, SAWG serves as an internal control group that ensures 
accuracy and accountability for our firmwide target, and consists 
of members from our business segments, the Sustainable 
Finance Group and control-side personnel.
Guidelines
Risk management is critical to the way we run our businesses, 
and it is deeply ingrained in our culture and business practices. 
For environmental and social risk, we proactively manage 
material impacts of sustainability-related risks to our firm.
Our perspectives on sustainability are informed by engagement 
with our stakeholders, including investors, nongovernmental 
organizations and regulators —  and they help us to better advise 
our clients in terms of how to improve environmental and social 
practices. Examples of our firm’s related guidelines include our 
Environmental Policy Framework, Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics, the Statement on Human Rights, Statement on 
Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking , and the Vendor Code 
of Conduct. Notably, our Environmental Policy Framework 
guides our overall approach to sustainability issues —  including 
management of environmental and social risk across a broad 
scope of sectors and products.
In addition to ensuring alignment with our Environmental Policy 
Framework, constructive engagement with companies on 
environmental and social risk management is a key element of 
our broader approach. We work with business teams and our 
clients to help navigate considerations around environmental 
and social impacts, as well as community health and safety, 
for transactions across the firm, and we advise on best 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
77 
Governance

practices. We also assist with investments in companies that 
offer innovative technologies; provide guidance to improve 
environmental practices and disclosure; and advise on 
sustainable sourcing, supply chain standards, and other related 
areas. For example, we have:
• Helped several power sector companies navigate upstream 
supply chain and sourcing risks
• Advised metals sector clients focused on sourcing critical 
minerals, with guidance on responsible sourcing, biodiversity 
and potential impacts to communities
• Worked directly with a number of companies in the agriculture 
and food/beverage sector, advising on best practices related 
to supply chain transparency and commitments related to land 
and water usage
For our firm, focus on responsible risk management and robust 
governance among control side teams, coupled with deep 
sector expertise embedded across the business and the 
firm’s broader focus on client service, allow us to effectively 
manage reputational risk as part of review of potential 
business opportunities, while also supporting our clients’ 
efforts to meet best practices and standards on environmental 
and social impacts.
We also recognize that the global landscape is constantly 
evolving, with recent events such as the geopolitical 
environment and market dynamics impacting growth in 
production across energy sectors, as well as catalyzing new 
infrastructure development and sector activities. We actively 
monitor the regulatory landscape, concerns of key stakeholders, 
and best practices related to environmental and social risk 
management to stay abreast of latest developments and 
embed these considerations into our due diligence practices. 
Our approach combines our own businesses’ experience, 
engagement with our employees, suppliers, industry experts  
and civil society organizations, and learnings from listening  
to the needs of diverse communities.
1 Power Generation includes renewables.
2 “Other” includes agriculture, cryptocurrency, carbon, consumer retail, financial sponsor, healthcare, industrial, palm oil, paper, real estate, TMT and water.
2022 Transaction Breakdown and Highlights
Our advisory, financing and direct investing teams include environmental and social due diligence as part of the review 
process. Transactions that may have significant environmental or social risks, including reputational risks, are elevated 
for enhanced review and business selection discussion.
In 2022, the Sustainable Finance Group reviewed more than 1,700 transactions for environmental and social risks. 
We identified and managed EHS risks in several potential transactions and portfolio companies —  and in some cases, 
decided to forgo participation due to the high levels of risk that could not be mitigated or that did not align with 
our policies or commitments.
0
100
200
300
400
500
600 551
385
208 195 176
78 61 41 24
Oil & Gas
Power Generation
/uni00B9
Metals & Mining
Chemicals
Other
/uni00B2
Infrastructure
Biofuels
Transportation
Forestry
78 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Governance

Climate Risk Management
Since publishing our firm’s 2021 TCFD Report , we have 
continued to integrate climate risk into broader business and risk 
management practices. As the climate risk management program 
continues to develop, we have gained deeper insights across 
relevant portfolios. We remain focused on the quantification of 
climate risks for use in our risk processes and businesses and 
look forward to sharing more updates on our progress later this 
year in our next firmwide TCFD Report.
Below are some of the firm’s recent risk management 
achievements and priorities:
First Line of Defense Integration
A significant focus of our climate risk management program 
is appropriate integration in our first-line businesses. The firm 
incorporates climate-related and environmental risk assessments 
in select transaction underwriting decisions and continues 
to further strengthen business adoption of climate-related 
and environmental risk management. Our upfront business 
selection and due diligence processes include sector and 
geographic guidelines and are overseen through designated 
committee review processes. To meet growing international 
regulatory requirements, enhanced considerations for assessing 
climate-related and environmental risk during underwriting are 
in place, including a dedicated section to document physical 
and transition risk exposure and potential mitigation within 
select investment committee reporting. Targeted trainings have 
been conducted with global teams most frequently impacted 
by these changes. We continue to enhance processes and 
ongoing monitoring.
Second Line of Defense Integration
Another significant focus of our climate risk management 
program is appropriate integration within existing risk disciplines. 
Climate change and environmental risks present financial and 
non-financial risks to the financial system through two primary 
components: physical risk and transition risk. In Goldman Sachs’ 
risk identification process, we identify climate risks, which are 
incorporated into our physical and transition risk stress-testing 
methodologies. Climate risk factors are regarded both as stand-
alone risks1 and drivers of traditional risk disciplines. As such, we 
ensure appropriate assessment and management across existing 
risk disciplines. For example, for select transactions, Goldman 
Sachs integrates climate risk considerations into credit risk 
policies, credit evaluations and the underwriting process. Going 
forward, we intend to focus on enhancing methodologies and 
tools accessible for climate analysis and to continue to develop 
appropriate risk management and mitigation processes in line 
with the firm’s climate risk strategy.
We recognize that through our own operational footprint 
across branch offices and Goldman Sachs’ service entities 
across the world, we have exposure to physical risk. Our firmwide 
infrastructure and business continuity assessments, for example, 
include the hazards posed by climate-related risks, including 
tropical cyclones, temperature changes, rising sea levels and 
severe weather conditions/natural disasters. We also consider 
such risks at all stages of our global real estate strategy —  from 
site selection and building design through occupancy and 
facilities management. As part of EHS due diligence, the team 
procures third-party physical climate risk reports and advises 
deal teams on mitigation techniques. The firm also assesses 
physical risk of its lending and investing activities via internally 
developed tools.
For our firm, putting people and practices in places that allow 
us to take a deliberate approach to responsible risk management 
across our firm is a critical driver of success. We will continue 
to evolve our approach to help us meet the increasing needs 
of our clients and navigate increasingly complex regulatory 
requirements.
1 This is captured within the risk type “Climate Change Risk” in our Taxonomy.
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
79 
Governance

Key Metrics 
and Indicators
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
80

Environmental 
Indicators
Below we provide an overview of selected key metrics. For a complete list of our sustainability-
related resources and disclosures, please visit our Resource Guide .
Trend1 
2021-2022 2022 2021 2020 2017 
[Baseline]
Organization
Global facilities reported2 ↑ 292 286 285 286
Revenues ($M) ↓ $47,365 $59,339 $44,560 $32,730
Operational rentable square feet (million sq. ft.)2 ↑ 10.7 10.6 10.8 10.0
Employees ↑ 48,500 43,900 40,500 33,600
Occupied seats2 , 3 ↑ 52,800 51,000 45,800 40,600
Certification
◊ LEED-Certified Buildings (% of sq. ft.)4 ↓ 71% 74% 71%
◊ ISO 14001 Certified Operations (% of sq. ft.)4 100% 100% 100%
◊ ISO 20121 Certified Events (% onsite events)4 100% 100% 100%
Energy
Global direct energy consumption (MWh)2 , 5, 6 ↓ 43,577 43,763 33,343 42,103
Natural gas 65% 70% 87% 88%
Other fuels5 35% 30% 13% 12%
Global intermediate energy consumption (MWh)2 ↑ 466,608 441,102 419,288 504,826
Purchased electricity 96% 96% 97% 97%
Purchased steam & chilled water 4% 4% 3% 3%
Global direct and intermediate energy consumption (MWh)2 , 6 ↑ 510,185 484,865 452,631 546,929
Reduction in global energy consumption from baseline (%) -7% -11% -17% n/a
 1 Many metrics trending upward from 2021 to 2022 are primarily due to lifting COVID restrictions and employees returning to the office.
 2 Historical energy, water and greenhouse gas metrics were updated to reflect activities at sites related to acquisitions that closed in 2022. For originally reported values, please refer to our 2021 
and 2020 Sustainability Report s. Global renewable energy consumption and verified carbon credits reflect the totals at the time of original reporting (excluding the acquisition activities).
 3 Occupied seats represents the number of people expected in the office, including both contingent workers and employees.
 4 This symbol ◊ before an indicator denotes a commitment through Goldman Sachs’ 2025 ESG and Net Zero Commitments and ongoing 2020 Operational Commitments. Net Emissions 
represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment. Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted.
 5 Other fuels include fuel oil, LPG, vehicle fuel and jet fuel.
 6 Historical data points may be adjusted to reflect new information and/or changes to accounting methodologies.
81 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators

Trend1 
2021-2022 2022 2021 2020 2017 
[Baseline]
Energy (cont.)
Energy use intensity for offices (kWh/sq. ft.)2 , 6 ↑ 21.5 21.4 20.7 32.7
◊ Reduction in energy use intensity for offices from baseline (%)4 -34% -35% -37% n/a
Global renewable energy consumption (MWh)2 ↑ 448,939 416,660 399,572 453,518
◊ Percent renewable energy2 , 4, 7 100% 100% 100% 94%
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions
Scope 1 —  Direct (metric tons CO2  equivalent [tCO2 e])2, 5, 6 ↑ 11,980 11,847 9,330 10,750
Natural gas6 43% 47% 56% 63%
Other fuels5 , 6 31% 27% 12% 11%
HFC refrigerants 26% 26% 32% 26%
Scope 2 (location) —  Indirect (tCO2 e)2, 6 ↑ 158,151 145,264 142,990 192,296
Purchased electricity6 98% 98% 98% 99%
Purchased steam & chilled water 2% 2% 2% 1%
Scope 2 (market) —  Indirect (tCO2 e)2, 6 ↓ 9,840 12,635 6,776 21,107
Purchased electricity6 66% 73% 61% 89%
Purchased steam & chilled water 34% 27% 39% 11%
Scope 3: Category 6 —  Business Travel (tCO2e) ↑ 57,233 23,802 29,295 120,001
Commercial air 86% 68% 69% 88%
Other travel8 14% 32% 31% 12%
Total Emissions: Scope 1 & 2 (location) (tCO2 e)2, 6 ↑ 170,131 157,111 152,320 203,046
Total Emissions: Scope 1 & 2 (market) (tCO2 e)2, 6 ↓ 21,820 24,482 16,105 31,857
Total Emissions: Scope 1, 2 (market) and 3 Category 6 (tCO2 e)2, 6 ↑ 79,053 48,284 45,400 151,858
◊ Net Emissions: Scope 1, 2 (market) and 3 Category 6 (tCO2 e)2, 4 0 0 0 0
Verified carbon avoidance credits (tCO2 e) 57,233 26,116 43,225 146,950
Verified carbon removals (tCO2 e) 21,820 20,000 0 0
 1 Many metrics trending upward from 2021 to 2022 are primarily due to lifting COVID restrictions and employees returning to the office.
 2 Historical energy, water and greenhouse gas metrics were updated to reflect activities at sites related to acquisitions that closed in 2022. For originally reported values, please refer to our 2021 
and 2020 Sustainability Report s. Global renewable energy consumption and verified carbon credits reflect the totals at the time of original reporting (excluding the acquisition activities).
 4 This symbol ◊ before an indicator denotes a commitment through Goldman Sachs’ 2025 ESG and Net Zero Commitments and ongoing 2020 Operational Commitments. Net Emissions 
represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment. Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted.
 5 Other fuels include fuel oil, LPG, vehicle fuel and jet fuel.
 6 Historical data points may be adjusted to reflect new information and/or changes to accounting methodologies.
 7 The firm sourced renewable electricity equivalent to 100% of global electricity consumption. 96% is in line with RE100 market boundary criteria and requirements for firms joining prior to 2021.
 8 This includes charter air, rail/bus, ferry, car and hotels.
82 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators → Environmental Indicators

Trend1 
2021-2022 2022 2021 2020 2017 
[Baseline]
Water
Global water withdrawal (m3 )2 ↑ 930,682 826,151 834,530 1,026,286
Reduction in global water withdrawal from baseline (%)2 -9% -20% -19% n/a
Water use intensity for offices (m3 /occupied seat)2 ↑ 12.7 11.2 12.7 19.0
◊ Reduction in water use intensity for offices from baseline (%)2 , 4 -33% -41% -33% n/a
Waste
Global business waste (metric tons) ↑ 3,676 2,820 2,485 5,979
Recycled/Composted material 55% 58% 67% 57%
◊ Landfilled material4 , 9 3% 3% 3% 7%
Waste to energy 42% 39% 30% 36%
Global e-Waste (metric tons) ↓ 193 321 301 265
Refurbished and reused material 0% 0% 0% 0%
Recycled material 100% 100% 100% 100%
Global Construction waste (metric tons) ↑ 676 158 1,621 4,171
Recycled/Composted material 61% 84% 61% 99%
Landfilled material 25% 16% 39% 1%
Waste to energy 14% 0% 0% 0%
Responsible Sourcing
Paper consumption (million sheets) ↑ 51 42 48 168
Certified new fibers (FSC/SFI) 94% 96% 92% 69%
Post-consumer recycled 3% 3% 5% 22%
New fibers 3% 1% 3% 9%
Paper consumption/employee (sheets) ↑ 1,051 965 1,177 4,583
◊ Reduction in paper consumptions/employee from baseline (%)4 -77% -79% -74% n/a
 1 Many metrics trending upward from 2021 to 2022 are primarily due to lifting COVID restrictions and employees returning to the office.
 2 Historical energy, water and greenhouse gas metrics were updated to reflect activities at sites related to acquisitions that closed in 2022. For originally reported values, please refer to our 2021 
and 2020 Sustainability Report s. Global renewable energy consumption and verified carbon credits reflect the totals at the time of original reporting (excluding the acquisition activities).
 4 This symbol ◊ before an indicator denotes a commitment through Goldman Sachs’ 2025 ESG and Net Zero Commitments and ongoing 2020 Operational Commitments. Net Emissions 
represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment. Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted.
 9 The firm has diverted 100% business waste from landfill where alternative disposal methods exist. Currently no alternatives exist in Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand.
83 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators → Environmental Indicators

Trend1 
2021-2022 2022 2021 2020 2017 
[Baseline]
Responsible Sourcing (cont.)
◊ Green cleaning products (%)4 47% 40% 43%
◊ Sustainably sourced foods (%)4 , 6 12% 13% N /A
Single-use plastics (metric tons)10 29 26 N /A
◊ Plastic beverage bottles and disposable plastics (%)4 82% 95% N /A
Office supplies (%) 18% 5% N /A
Supply Chain 
◊ Vendors with inherently higher ESG risk who have been assessed (%)4 , 11 97% 60% N /A
◊ Increase in spend with diverse vendors from 2020 baseline (%)4 70% 26% N /A
 1 Many metrics trending upward from 2021 to 2022 are primarily due to lifting COVID restrictions and employees returning to the office.
 4 This symbol ◊ before an indicator denotes a commitment through Goldman Sachs’ 2025 ESG and Net Zero Commitments and ongoing 2020 Operational Commitments. Net Emissions 
represent achievement of ongoing Carbon Neutral commitment. Reductions are from a 2017 baseline, except plastics, which are from a 2021 baseline or where otherwise noted.
 6 Historical data points may be adjusted to reflect new information and/or changes to accounting methodologies.
 10 2021 is the new baseline year for single-use plastic since data boundary has been increased and data collection has been improved.
 11 All vendors whom we deem to have an inherently higher ESG risk —  which includes higher risk of modern slavery and human trafficking —  and are over our material spend threshold are now 
required to complete an ESG questionnaire.
84 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators → Environmental Indicators

Recognition
Awards and Rankings
Each year, Goldman Sachs earns awards across categories including employer of choice , diversity and 
inclusion, sustainability, and business and innovation. Select awards from the past year are shown below.
Disability:IN Disability Equality Index
• 100% score
Environmental Finance Bond Awards
• Green Project Bond of the Year
Environmental Finance Sustainable  
Investment Awards
• Thought Leadership Paper on Sustainable Investing,  
North America
• ESG Research of the Year, Asia
EPA Green Power Partnership National Top 100
• No. 56
Human Rights Campaign Foundation  
Corporate Equality Index
• Rated 100%
• Best Places to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality
JUST Capital America’s Most Just Companies
• No. 57 Overall
• No. 2 in Capital Markets Industry
JUST Capital Top 100 U.S. Companies Supporting  
Healthy Families and Communities
• No. 4
Latin Finance Project & Infrastructure Awards
• Social Infrastructure Deal of the Year
• Local Currency Bond of the Year
• Road Financing of the Year
Private Equity International Impact 30
• No. 5
WEConnect International Top Global Champions  
for Supplier Diversity and Inclusion
• Silver-level Champion
85 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators

SASB Index
This report is evidence of our ongoing commitment to provide disclosure under the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) standards. We have included the below disclosures related to the three sectors that are 
most closely aligned to our mix of businesses: Asset Management & Custody Activities, Investment Banking & 
Brokerage and Commercial Banks. Disclosures that appeared in more than one of these sector standards are 
included in a separate section at the top. Unless otherwise noted, all data and descriptions apply to our entire firm, 
not just the businesses relevant to that sector. We do not currently disclose all metrics included in the standards 
for these three sectors, but we will continue to evaluate them in the future. All data is as of or for the year ended 
December 31, 2022 unless otherwise noted.
Topic Accounting Metric Category Code Response
Disclosures Included in Multiple Sectors’ Standards
Diversity & 
Inclusion
Percentage of gender 
and racial/ethnic group 
representation for 
(1) executive management, 
(2) non-executive 
management, (3) professionals 
and (4) all other employees
Quantitative FN-AC-330a.1
FN-IB-330a.1
U.S. Workforce Demographics  
Updated data will be included in our forthcoming 2022 
People Strategy Report.
As part of our commitment to improving diversity at 
the firm, we have also published our progress toward 
our aspirational goals; please see page 6 of our 
2022 Form 10-K.
Business 
Ethics
Description of whistleblower 
policies and procedures
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-AC-510a.2
FN-IB-510a.2
FN-CB-510a.2
Raising Integrity Concerns
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
Total amount of monetary 
losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with:
• Marketing and 
communication of financial 
product-related information 
to new and returning 
customers;
• Fraud, insider trading, 
anti-trust, anti-competitive 
behavior, market 
manipulation, malpractice, 
or other related financial 
industry laws or regulations; 
and
• Professional integrity, 
including duty of care
Quantitative FN-AC-270a.2
FN-AC-510a.1
FN-IB-510a.1
FN-IB-510b.3
FN-CB-510a.1
Net provisions for litigation and regulatory proceedings 
were $576 million for 2022.
86 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators

Topic Accounting Metric Category Code Response
Disclosures Included in Multiple Sectors’ Standards (cont.)
Systemic Risk 
Management
Global Systemically Important 
Bank (G-SIB) score, by 
category
Quantitative FN-IB-550a.1
FN-CB-550a.1
The G-SIB surcharge is updated annually based on financial 
data from the prior year and is generally applicable for the 
following year. The G-SIB surcharge is calculated using 
two methodologies, the higher of which is reflected in the 
firm’s risk-based capital requirements. The first calculation 
(Method 1) is based on the Basel Committee’s methodology 
which, among other factors, relies upon measures of the 
size, activity and complexity of each G-SIB. The second 
calculation (Method 2) uses similar inputs but includes 
a measure of reliance on short-term wholesale funding. 
Further information about Method 1 can be found on the 
Bank for International Settlement’s website, and further 
information about Method 2 can be found here .
We are bound by Method 2, and our applicable G-SIB 
buffer is 2.5% as of December 31, 2022. Beginning on 
January 1, 2023, our G-SIB surcharge increased to 3.0%. 
Please see pages 12–13, 84-86 and 195–196 of our 2022 
Form 10-K for further information. Further information 
about the indicators which factor into the calculation can 
be found in our FR Y-15 filing, which can be accessed here .
Description of approach to 
incorporation of results of 
mandatory and voluntary stress 
tests into capital adequacy 
planning, long-term corporate 
strategy and other business 
activities
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-IB-550a.2
FN-CB-550a.2
We conduct various scenario analyses, including as part 
of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review and 
Dodd-Frank Act Stress Tests, as well as our resolution and 
recovery planning. Please see pages 14-17, 80 and 83-85 of 
our 2022 Form 10-K.
Asset Management & Custody Activities 
Transparent 
Information & 
Fair Advice for 
Customers
Description of approach to 
informing customers about 
products and services
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-AC-270a.3 We believe our clients are best served by having a clear 
understanding of how we work together, the capacities 
in which we act and the fees we charge. In addition to 
contracts for products and services, as well as regulatory 
disclosures, we provide Wealth Management clients a 
Form CRS outlining the services we provide and the related 
fee structures, including how their advisor is compensated 
for each type of service and fee.
Please also refer to the Business Standards Committee 
Impact Report, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  
and Risk Factors detailed on pages 28–54 of our 
2022 Form 10-K for additional firmwide information.
Incorporation 
of ESG Factors 
in Investment 
Management 
and Advisory
Amount of assets under 
management, by asset class, 
that employ (1) integration 
of environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) issues, 
(2) sustainability themed 
investing and (3) screening
Quantitative FN-AC-410a.1 As of December 31, 2022, Goldman Sachs Asset 
Management supervises $322.8 billion in strategies where 
ESG or sustainability factors are an important component.1
1 Goldman Sachs Asset Management, as of December 31, 2022. Asset under supervision (AUS) figures are for 
explicit ESG investment strategies only where ESG or sustainability factors are an important component. 
87 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators → SASB Index

Topic Accounting Metric Category Code Response
Asset Management & Custody Activities (cont.)
Incorporation 
of ESG Factors 
in Investment 
Management 
and Advisory 
(cont.)
Description of approach to 
incorporation of environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) 
factors in investment and/or 
wealth management processes 
and strategies
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-AC-410a.2 At Goldman Sachs Asset Management, we believe 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) factors are 
important tools for identifying investment risk and capturing 
opportunity. Our investment teams across equities, 
fixed income, liquidity and alternatives may analyze ESG 
information in a manner consistent with their investment 
style and specific strategy guidelines. ESG factors may 
be utilized to set exclusions, drive tilts or seek to select 
securities with strong ESG ratings. In addition, for our 
clients who want to benefit from and accelerate trends 
toward greater sustainability, we are committed to helping 
our clients deploy their capital in a manner that is impactful 
and financially sound.
Description of proxy voting and 
investee engagement policies 
and procedures
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-AC-410a.3 Please see our Approach to Stewardship , which sets out 
a summary of some of the elements of our approach to 
stewardship in the Goldman Sachs Asset Management 
public markets investing business, including our approach 
to engagement, proxy voting and industry leadership. 
Please also see our most recent Stewardship Report, our 
UK Stewardship Code Statement, and our Global Proxy 
Voting Policy.
Systemic Risk 
Management
Description of approach to 
incorporation of liquidity 
risk management programs 
into portfolio strategy and 
redemption risk management
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-AC-550a.2 Goldman Sachs Asset Management (GSAM) oversees 
liquidity risk management for the funds and client portfolios 
for which it serves as fund manager/investment advisor.
GSAM monitors liquidity risk associated with a portfolio’s 
ability to meet potential cash outflows related to investor 
redemptions/withdrawals or potential liabilities related to 
derivative positions and secured funding trades, as well as 
changes in the liquidity of positions within the portfolio.
GSAM manages the liquidity of its portfolios in line with the 
investment strategy of each portfolio, applicable regulatory 
requirements, potential investor redemption requests and 
broader macro market conditions, at all times in the context 
of GSAM’s obligations and its role as a fiduciary, where 
applicable.
Total exposure to securities 
financing transactions
Quantitative FN-AC-550a.3 As of December 2022, we had $34.8 billion of credit 
exposure from securities financing transactions. Please see 
page 113 of our 2022 Form 10-K for further information.
Net exposure to written credit 
derivatives
Quantitative FN-AC-550a.4 As of December 2022, written credit derivatives had 
a total gross notional amount of $528.31 billion and 
purchased credit derivatives had a total gross notional 
amount of $579.14 billion, for total net notional purchased 
protection of $50.83 billion. Please see page 155 of our 
2022 Form 10-K for further information.
N /A (1) Total registered and (2) total 
unregistered assets under 
management (AUM)
Quantitative FN-AC-000.A
Registered Assets Under Supervision $640B
Unregistered Assets Under Supervision $1,907B
N /A Total assets under custody and 
supervision
Quantitative FN-AC-000.B $2.5 trillion Assets Under Supervision.1  Please see page 75 
of our 2022 Form 10-K for further information.
1 Assets Under Supervision (AUS) includes assets under management and other client assets for which Goldman Sachs does not have full discretion.
88 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators → SASB Index

Topic Accounting Metric Category Code Response
Investment Banking & Brokerage 
Incorporation 
of ESG Factors 
in Investment 
Banking & 
Brokerage 
Activities
Description of approach to 
incorporation of environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) 
factors in investment banking 
and brokerage activities
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-IB-410a.3 Environmental Policy Framework  
(Updated in 2019)
Please see page 43 of our TCFD Report, which highlights 
targets for sectors that are material to our financing 
portfolio. In sector prioritization, we consider materiality to 
global emissions, materiality to our own financial exposures 
and balance sheet profile, data available to measure our 
clients’ emissions intensity profiles and feasible sectoral 
decarbonization pathways in use by the industry.
Professional 
Integrity
Description of approach to 
ensuring professional integrity, 
including duty of care
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-IB-510b.4 The firm maintains a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  
and requires employees to annually certify they have 
reviewed and will comply with the code. See our Business 
Principles and Business Standards Committee Impact 
Report for further information.
Employee 
Incentives and 
Risk Taking
Percentage of total 
remuneration that is variable 
for Material Risk Takers (MRTs)
Quantitative FN-IB-550b.1 MRT is a regulatory term applied in the UK and Germany 
but not a concept we apply to our global workforce. Within 
our UK entity workforce only , 59% of total remuneration 
awarded to MRTs for 2021 performance was variable. 
Within our German entity workforce only,  62% of total 
remuneration awarded to MRTs for 2021 performance 
was variable.
Note that we apply a pay-for-performance philosophy 
across our organization. Please see our Compensation 
Principles for further information.
Percentage of variable 
remuneration of Material Risk 
Takers (MRTs) to which malus 
or clawback provisions were 
applied
Quantitative FN-IB-550b.2 All equity-based awards granted to employees are subject 
to robust forfeiture and clawback provisions. Please 
see page 52 of our 2022 Proxy Statement for further 
information.
Discussion of policies around 
supervision, control and 
validation of traders’ pricing of 
Level 3 assets and liabilities
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-IB-550b.3 Please see pages 59-60 of our 2022 Form 10-K.
N /A (1) Number and (2) value of 
(a) underwriting, (b) advisory 
and (c) securitization 
transactions
Quantitative FN-IB-000.A Per Dealogic, our transaction volumes for 2022 were
Announced mergers and acquisitions $1,237B
Completed mergers and acquisitions $1,355B
Equity and equity-related offerings $33B
Debt offerings $222B
Please see page 69 of our 2022 Form 10-K for further 
information.
89 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators → SASB Index

Topic Accounting Metric Category Code Response
Investment Banking & Brokerage (cont.)
N /A (1) Number and (2) value of 
proprietary investments and 
loans by sector
Quantitative FN-IB-000.B The table below presents the concentration of our 
$40.1 billion of firmwide gross corporate loans by industry:
Consumer & Retail 10%
Diversified Industrials 18%
Financial Institutions 7%
Funds 3%
Healthcare 10%
Natural Resources & Utilities 9%
Real Estate 11%
Technology, Media & Telecom. 26%
Other (incl. Special Purpose Vehicles) 6%
The table below presents the asset class breakdown of our 
$14.9 billion of equity securities at fair value (substantially 
all reported within our Asset & Wealth Management and 
Global Banking & Markets segments):
Corporate 71%
Real Estate 29%
For further information about loans and investments, 
please see pages 110 and 158–159, respectively, of our 
2022 Form 10-K.
Commercial Banks 
Data Security Description of approach to 
identifying and addressing 
data security risks
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-CB-230a.2 Please refer to our Client Security Statement, which 
provides an overview of the firm’s approach to information 
security and its practices to secure data, systems and 
services, similarly aligned around the five functions of the 
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 
Cybersecurity Framework (CSF).
Financial 
Inclusion & 
Capacity 
Building
(1) Number and (2) amount of 
loans outstanding qualified to 
programs designed to promote 
small business and community 
development
Quantitative FN-CB-240a.1 As of December 2022, our Urban Investment Group 
had $0.86 billion of debt assets outstanding from 76 
transactions and $2.9 billion of equity assets outstanding 
from 235 transactions. See our Urban Investment Group ’s 
website for further information.
Please also refer to our programs 10,000 Small Businesses, 
which provides entrepreneurs in the US and UK access 
to education, capital and business support services, 
and 10,000 Women, a global initiative providing women 
entrepreneurs with a business and management education, 
mentoring and networking, and access to capital.
Number of participants in 
financial literacy initiatives for 
unbanked, underbanked or 
underserved customers
Quantitative FN-CB-240a.4 Please refer to our One Million Black Women: Black in 
Business program, which provides access to business 
education, networking and support services for Black 
women entrepreneurs who are sole proprietors.
90 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators → SASB Index

Topic Accounting Metric Category Code Response
Commercial Banks (cont.)
Incorporation 
of ESG Factors 
in Credit 
Analysis
Commercial and industrial 
credit exposure, by industry
Quantitative FN-CB-410a.1 Credit Exposure from firmwide Corporate Loans and 
Lending Commitments by Industry:
Consumer & Retail 12%
Diversified Industrials 18%
Financial Institutions 8%
Funds 4%
Healthcare 12%
Natural Resources & Utilities 16%
Real Estate 7%
Technology, Media & Telecom. 21%
Other (incl. Special Purpose Vehicles) 2%
Please see page 110 of our 2022 Form 10-K for further 
information.
Description of approach to 
incorporation of environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) 
factors in credit analysis
Discussion 
and Analysis
FN-CB-410a.2 Environmental Policy Framework  
(Updated in 2019)
Please see page 36 of our TCFD Report, which notes that 
we are updating our credit risk practices to reflect climate 
risk considerations.
N /A (1) Number and (2) value of 
loans by segment: (a) personal, 
(b) small business and 
(c) corporate
Quantitative FN-CB-000.B The table below presents firmwide information by loan type:
Corporate $40.1B
Commercial Real Estate $28.9B
Residential Real Estate $23.0B
Securities-based $16.7B
Other Collateralized $51.7B
Installment $6.3B
Credit Cards $15.8B
Other $2.3B
Please see page 161–162 of our 2022 Form 10-K for further 
information.
91 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Report
Key Metrics and Indicators → SASB Index

Sustainability 
Issuance Report 
2022

Contents
94 Introduction
97 Sustainability Issuance Framework
98 Governance
99 Reporting
99 External Assurance
100 By the Numbers
102 Sustainability Issuances
110 KPI Reporting
112 Featured Investments
121 Report of Independent Accountants
93 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report

SECTION 1
Introduction
94 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report

At Goldman Sachs, 
we are leveraging 
our businesses 
to help build a 
more sustainable, 
inclusive economy.
Over the past two decades, sustainable finance has become increasingly 
core to our firm’s business strategy of creating long-term value for our 
clients, our firm and our shareholders. Beginning in 2019, we accelerated our 
commitment to enhance and expand sustainable finance expertise across 
our business segments. In addition, to meet increasing market demand for 
sustainable finance solutions, we announced we would deploy $750 billion 
in financing, investing and advisory activity by 2030 to advance climate 
transition and drive inclusive growth. In early 2021, we issued our inaugural 
$800 million Sustainability Bond. This year, we are providing an update on 
our comprehensive 2022 sustainability issuances.
We believe that to achieve material change, sustainability commitments 
should be tied to meaningful economic outcomes. Our sustainable 
finance strategy is organized around the two strategic priorities that we 
believe continue to be key drivers of market risk and opportunity: climate 
transition and inclusive growth. Our Sustainability Bonds and Goldman 
Sachs Sustainability Issuance Framework are aligned with these same 
themes. The Framework expands upon our firmwide commercial model of 
facilitating capital movement and supporting innovation that encourages 
progress on climate transition and inclusive growth, and it builds upon 
years of experience designing and issuing Green, Social and Sustainability 
financial products.
As an advisor, financier and investor, we leverage the full range of our 
expertise and services as we look to develop innovative sustainability 
solutions. From supporting sustainable infrastructure projects to investing in 
companies powering critical innovation in clean energy and in underserved 
communities, we continue to remain focused on our ability to help deploy 
capital. With a keen eye toward achieving a more sustainable future, we seek 
to help create a thriving future for our clients, our firm and our communities.
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
95 
Sustainability Issuance Report → Introduction

We’ve structured our 
commitment around 
nine key priority 
areas that we’ve 
identified as having 
the most impact.
Clean Energy 
Enable renewable energy generation,  
energy efficiency and grid services.
Sustainable Transport  
Shift modes of transit through electric vehicles,  
connected services, autonomous driving and public 
transportation development.
Sustainable Food and Agriculture  
Enable green agricultural production, storage,  
processing and distribution to feed the world.
Waste and Materials 
Promote sustainable production and consumption,  
along with responsible waste management.
Ecosystem Services 
Contribute to the sustainable management of  
natural resources and monetize the value of forests,  
water and biodiversity.
Accessible and Innovative Healthcare  
Enable the use of digital technology, advanced  
devices and diagnostics for better outcomes.
Financial Inclusion  
Advance financial inclusion for all, including  
underserved populations, by promoting access  
to capital, financial technology, and products  
that increase access, support financial health  
and drive more equitable economic growth.
Accessible and Affordable Education  
Enable greater access to education, improve  
learning outcomes and help close opportunity gaps  
for learners of all ages.
Communities 
Enable infrastructure development, affordable  
housing and livelihood advancement.
Climate Transition Inclusive Growth
OVERVIEW OF IMPACT THEMES
96 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Introduction

SECTION 2
Sustainability Issuance 
Framework
97 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report

Governance
As a baseline, all projects and assets under 
consideration for financing must meet the 
standards set by our environmental and social 
risk management procedures, including the 
Goldman Sachs Environmental Policy Framework , 
which provides guidance on financing in certain 
environmentally and socially sensitive sectors. The 
firm’s risk management covers broader risk factors 
such as potential legal and regulatory risks.
The Sustainable Asset Working Group consists 
of senior cross-divisional stakeholders from the 
Sustainable Finance Group, Investor Relations, 
Corporate Treasury, Legal, Controllers, Compliance 
and relevant business teams. The group reviews 
and confirms eligible projects and assets for 
funding with proceeds from Green, Social or 
Sustainability issuances.
Proceeds from Goldman Sachs’ Green, Social or 
Sustainability issuances are used to finance new 
projects or assets that meet the criteria of the 
respective type of issuance, and we aim to allocate 
all proceeds within two years following the issuance. 
Additionally, loans and investments made up to one 
year prior to the issuance that qualify under the 
relevant criteria are also eligible for refinancing with 
its proceeds.
For further information on eligibility and exclusion 
criteria for our Green, Social and Sustainability 
Issuances, please refer to our Goldman Sachs 
Sustainability Issuance Framework.
98 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuance Framework

Reporting
For our sustainability-related commitments, we are 
committed to measuring and providing transparency 
on our progress. Annual updates on the allocation 
of the proceeds under our Framework will include 
details on the expected and realized qualitative, 
and, where possible, quantitative environmental and 
social impacts. Reports will continue to be published 
on our website annually until the proceeds of all 
outstanding sustainable instruments are fully allocated 
to eligible assets.
External Assurance
Goldman Sachs engages an independent accountant 
to provide external assurance of our allocation on an 
annual basis until the net proceeds of each issuance 
are fully allocated to eligible assets. The Report of 
Independent Accountants appears on page 122.
99 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuance Framework

~$975M
of sustainability issuances2
100%
funding allocated to new investments  
and loans made in 2022
~3,100
affordable/specialized housing 
units built or rehabilitated4, 5
6
sustainability issuances
~500,000
small/midsized businesses served6
1 Key performance indicators (KPIs), as provided directly by the relevant companies, represent aggregate metrics across the newly 
allocated investments and loans where data was available and singular metrics where aggregation was not possible or practicable.
2 Represents gross issuance size. Issuance size net of underwriting fees results in net proceeds of approximately $971 million. The 
Report of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122 , provides no assurance on allocations in excess of net proceeds.
3 Represents a projection for the expected amount of energy to be produced (GWh). “GWh” represents gigawatt-hours.
4 Affordable housing is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income.
5 Represents the number of affordable/specialized housing units that Goldman Sachs provided financing for the construction and/or 
rehabilitation of and may still be under development.
6 Small/midsized businesses are defined as businesses having approximately between five and 25 employees.
~283 GWh
of clean energy projected to be produced3
By the Numbers —  
Progress Related to  
2022 Issuances¹
100 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuance Framework

2022 ALLOCATION OF FUNDS BY REGION 2022 ALLOCATION OF FUNDS BY IMPACT THEME
Geography Amount ($M)
Americas $645
EMEA1 $357
Total $1,0023
Impact Theme Amount ($M)
Climate Transition — Multi-Theme2 $286
Communities $280
Clean Energy $217
Accessible and Innovative Healthcare $74
Financial Inclusion $68
Sustainable Food and Agriculture $31
Inclusive Growth — Multi-Theme4 $26
Waste and Materials $13
Accessible and Affordable Education $7
Total $1,0023
1 EMEA represents Europe, Middle East and Africa.
2 Climate Transition (multi-theme) includes activity related to two or more of the five key 
impact themes within Climate Transition: clean energy, sustainable transport, sustainable 
food and agriculture, waste and materials, and ecosystem services.
3 The total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion exceed both the gross issuance 
size of approximately $975 million and the gross issuance size net of underwriting fees of 
approximately $971 million to ensure issuance proceeds are fully allocated. The Report 
of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122 , provides no assurance on 
allocations in excess of net proceeds.
4 Inclusive Growth (multi-theme) includes activity related to two or more of the four key impact 
themes within Inclusive Growth: accessible and innovative healthcare, financial inclusion, 
accessible and affordable education, and communities.
For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project 
categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework  (pages 2–6).
Americas
64%
EMEA1
36%
Climate Transition
55% ($547M)
Inclusive Growth
45% ($455M)
Clean Energy
22%
Communities
28%
Accessible 
and Affordable 
Education
1%
Financial 
Inclusion
7%
Accessible  
and Innovative 
Healthcare
7%
Waste and Materials
1%
Sustainable Food 
and Agriculture
3%
Climate Transition —  
Multi-Theme
29%
Inclusive Growth —  
Multi-Theme
2%
101 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuance Framework

SECTION 3
Sustainability Issuances
102 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report

Sustainability 
Issuances¹, ²
Throughout 2022, Goldman Sachs issued the equivalent of approximately $975 million  
of sustainability issuances, with proceeds fully allocated to new investments and loans.
Eligible categories are based on our nine key impact themes that are the foundation to  
our overarching 10-year, $750 billion sustainable finance commitment.
Total Breakdown
Over the course of 2022, and as of December 31, 2022, Goldman Sachs has issued the 
equivalent of $975,100,000 in sustainability issuances ($971,448,575 net of underwriting fees), 
including our $700 million 5NC4yr benchmark bond, issued in June 2022.
Issuance Date Currency Issuance Size Issuance Size,  
USD Equivalence 3 Maturity Date Identifier
Jun 13, 2022 USD 700,000,000 700,000,000 Jun 15, 2027 US38141GZT48
Mar 8, 2022 USD 100,000,000 100,000,000 Mar 8, 2032 XS1999656546
Jul 6, 2022 JPY 10,000,000,000 73,000,000 Jun 22, 2029 XS2114129682
Jul 20, 2022 USD 20,000,000 20,000,000 Jul 20, 2029 XS2480982870
Sep 23, 2022 EUR 30,000,000 29,100,000 Dec 30, 2032 FR001400COM1
Dec 26, 2022 EUR 50,000,000 53,000,000 Mar 5, 2029 FR001400ECH2
Total of Gross 
Issuance 975,100,0002
Total of Net 
Proceeds 971,448,575
FUNDING ALLOCATION
1 All $ figures on pages 104–109 are in millions unless otherwise noted.
2 To ensure issuance proceeds are fully allocated, the total amount of investments and loans allocated funding exceeds the total amount raised through each issuance. 
$975,100,000 represents gross issuance size. Gross issuance size net of underwriting fees is $971,448,575; however, proceeds have been allocated by the firm to 
investments and loans based on gross issuance size. The Report of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122 , provides no assurance on allocations in excess 
of net proceeds.
3 USD equivalent amount uses spot Foreign Exchange rate on issuance date.
103 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuances

Benchmark Sustainability Issuance
On June 13, 2022, Goldman Sachs issued its benchmark bond; $700 million 5NC4yr fixed-to-SOFR 1 floating rate 
notes. Funding has been allocated to $717.5 million2 of eligible investments and loans.
FUNDING ALLOCATION
Impact Theme Americas EMEA Total
Clean Energy
Related to:
• Utility-scale battery storage project
• Investment in a 145 MW3  wind farm
$200.0 $200.0
Communities
Related to:
• Affordable, multifamily residential and mixed-use 
developments4
$107.2 $107.2
Financial Inclusion
Related to:
• Provider of financial, accounting and administrative 
software applications to small/midsized businesses in 
South America
$68.0 $68.0
Accessible and Innovative Healthcare
Related to:
• Pharma company focused on developing  
and manufacturing complex generic drugs
$68.5 $68.5
Climate Transition —  Multi-Theme5
Related to:
• Recapitalization of a central London BREEAM6  Excellent 
office building that promotes energy efficiency and the 
local biodiversity
• Provider of reusable metal container solutions and a key 
supply chain partner for efficient transportation of goods
$273.8 $273.8
Total $375.2 $342.3 $717.5
1 Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by Treasury securities.
2 Represents funds allocated to this issuance from total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion noted on page 101 , which exceed both gross issuance size and the gross issuance size  
net of underwriting fees. As noted on page 101 , the total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion exceeds both the aggregate gross issuance amount across issuances of approximately 
$975 million and gross issuance amount net of underwriting fees across issuances of approximately $971 million. The Report of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122 , provides 
no assurance on allocations in excess of net proceeds.
3 “MW” represents megawatt.
4 Affordable housing is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income.
5 Climate Transition (multi-theme) includes activity related to two or more of the five key impact themes within Climate Transition: clean energy, sustainable transport, sustainable food and 
agriculture, waste and materials, and ecosystem services. 
6 Building Research Establishment Environmental Assessment Methodology.
For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework  (pages 2–6).
104 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuances

Second Sustainability Issuance
On March 8, 2022, Goldman Sachs issued $100 million 10NC2yr callable fixed rate notes. Funding has been 
allocated to $101.5 million1 of eligible investments and loans.
FUNDING ALLOCATION
Impact Theme Americas EMEA Total
Clean Energy
Related to:
• Provider of hardware-enabled energy management  
software to commercial buildings
$4.8 $4.8
Communities
Related to:
• Affordable, multifamily residential and mixed-use  
developments2
• Financing for Black-owned small business located in a 
moderate-income area
$50.0 $50.0
Sustainable Food and Agriculture
Related to:
• Investment in an apple growing and operating business 
that has experience in regenerative agriculture practices 
and technologies
$28.2 $28.2
Inclusive Growth —  Multi-Theme3
Related to:
• Technology training and consulting company that targets 
underserved individuals in disinvested cities
$18.5 $18.5
Total $101.5 $101.5
1 Represents funds allocated to this issuance from total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion noted on page 101 , which exceed both gross issuance size and the gross issuance size  
net of underwriting fees. As noted on page 101 , the total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion exceeds both the aggregate gross issuance amount across issuances of approximately 
$975 million and gross issuance amount net of underwriting fees across issuances of approximately $971 million. The Report of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122 , provides 
no assurance on allocations in excess of net proceeds. 
2 Affordable housing is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income.
3 Inclusive Growth (multi-theme) includes activity related to two or more of the four key impact themes within Inclusive Growth: accessible and innovative healthcare, financial inclusion, accessible 
and affordable education, and communities.
For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework  (pages 2–6).
105 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuances

Third Sustainability Issuance
On July 6, 2022, Goldman Sachs issued ¥10 billion ($73 million) 7NC2yr callable fixed rate credit-linked notes. 
Funding has been allocated to $75.5 million1 of eligible investments and loans.
FUNDING ALLOCATION
Impact Theme Americas EMEA Total
Clean Energy
Related to:
• Digital asset management platform for the wind industry
$4.8 $4.8
Communities
Related to:
• Affordable, multifamily residential and mixed-use 
developments2
$59.2 $59.2
Accessible and Affordable Education
Related to:
• Small business loans to early childhood education 
providers
$3.9 $3.9
Waste and Materials
Related to:
• Advanced, environmentally friendly materials solutions 
provider used in mission-critical protective thermal 
applications for shipping
$7.6 $7.6
Total $75.5 $75.5
1 Represents funds allocated to this issuance from total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion noted on page 101 , which exceed both gross issuance size and the gross issuance size  
net of underwriting fees. As noted on page 101 , the total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion exceeds both the aggregate gross issuance amount across issuances of approximately 
$975 million and gross issuance amount net of underwriting fees across issuances of approximately $971 million. The Report of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122 , provides 
no assurance on allocations in excess of net proceeds. 
2 Affordable housing is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income.
For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework  (pages 2–6).
106 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuances

Fourth Sustainability Issuance
On July 20, 2022, Goldman Sachs issued $20 million 7NC2yr callable range accrual notes. Funding has been 
allocated to $21.3 million1 of eligible investments and loans.
FUNDING ALLOCATION
Impact Theme Americas EMEA Total
Clean Energy
Related to:
• Manufacturer of inverters for utility-scale battery storage 
and solar-plus-storage
$6.1 $6.1
Communities
Related to:
• Technology platform that connects Minority and Women 
Owned Business Enterprises (MWBE) with developers 
and general contractors for large construction projects
• Affordable, multifamily residential and mixed-use 
developments2
$9.5 $9.5
Waste and Materials
Related to:
• Manufacturer of mechanically recycled cotton fiber for 
use in textiles
$5.7 $5.7
Total $21.3 $21.3
1 Represents funds allocated to this issuance from total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion noted on page 101 , which exceed both gross issuance size and the gross issuance size  
net of underwriting fees. As noted on page 101 , the total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion exceeds both the aggregate gross issuance amount across issuances of approximately 
$975 million and gross issuance amount net of underwriting fees across issuances of approximately $971 million. The Report of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122 , provides 
no assurance on allocations in excess of net proceeds. 
2 Affordable housing is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income.
For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework  (pages 2–6).
107 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuances

Fifth Sustainability Issuance
On September 23, 2022, Goldman Sachs issued €30 million ($29.1 million) 10.25yr fixed coupon autocallable 
notes. Funding has been allocated to $31.9 million 1 of eligible investments and loans.
FUNDING ALLOCATION
Impact Theme Americas EMEA Total
Clean Energy
Related to:
• Utility-scale battery storage project
$1.2 $1.2
Communities
Related to:
• Affordable, multifamily residential and mixed-use 
developments2
$16.6 $16.6
Accessible and Affordable Education
Related to:
• Loan to support technical training for job placements 
into green energy-related jobs
$3.5 $3.5
Sustainable Food and Agriculture
Related to:
• AgTech platform providing monitoring, automation and 
pest management services
$2.8 $2.8
Inclusive Growth —  Multi-Theme3
Related to:
• Online platform that provides training solutions to home 
healthcare companies to unlock the unmet potential of 
caregiving in home- and community-based services
$7.8 $7.8
Total $29.1 $2.8 $31.9
1 Represents funds allocated to this issuance from total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion noted on page 101 , which exceed both gross issuance size and the gross issuance size  
net of underwriting fees. As noted on page 101 , the total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion exceeds both the aggregate gross issuance amount across issuances of approximately 
$975 million and gross issuance amount net of underwriting fees across issuances of approximately $971 million. The Report of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122 , provides 
no assurance on allocations in excess of net proceeds. 
2 Affordable housing is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income.
3 Inclusive Growth (multi-theme) includes activity related to two or more of the four key impact themes within Inclusive Growth: accessible and innovative healthcare, financial inclusion, accessible 
and affordable education, and communities.
For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework  (pages 2–6).
108 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuances

Sixth Sustainability Issuance
On December 26, 2022, Goldman Sachs issued €50 million ($53 million) 6yr autocallable notes. Funding has 
been allocated to $54.5 million 1 of eligible investments and loans.
FUNDING ALLOCATION
Impact Theme Americas EMEA Total
Communities
Related to:
• Affordable, multifamily residential and mixed-use 
developments2
$37.2 $37.2
Accessible and Innovative Healthcare
Related to:
• Care delivery platform for maternal and infant health
$5.0 $5.0
Climate Transition —  Multi-theme3
Related to:
• Net zero carbon office development that will target 
top-level health and well-being credentials with 
emissions and waste reduction efforts in both its 
construction and operation
$12.3 $12.3
Total $42.2 $12.3 $54.5
1 Represents funds allocated to this issuance from total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion noted on page 101, which exceed both gross issuance size and the gross issuance size  
net of underwriting fees. As noted on page 101, the total allocated funds of approximately $1.002 billion exceeds both the aggregate gross issuance amount across issuances of approximately 
$975 million and gross issuance amount net of underwriting fees across issuances of approximately $971 million. The Report of Independent Accountants, which appears on page 122, 
provides no assurance on allocations in excess of net proceeds. 
2 Affordable housing is defined in this context as housing that is affordable to tenants earning up to 80% of the area median income.
3 Climate Transition (multi-theme) includes activity related to two or more of the five key impact themes within Climate Transition: clean energy, sustainable transport, sustainable food and 
agriculture, waste and materials, and ecosystem services.
For additional details on eligibility criteria associated with relevant green and social project categories, please refer to our Sustainability Issuance Framework  (pages 2–6).
109 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Sustainability Issuances

SECTION 4
KPI Reporting
110 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report

KPI Reporting¹
Theme KPI Metric
Clean Energy
Clean energy projected to be produced (GWh)2 ~283
# of wind turbines inspected ~50,000
Sustainable Food  
and Agriculture
Water saved (vs. FAO3 recommendation  
per crop) (billion liters) ~333
Waste and Materials Volume of plastic diverted (vs. EPS 4) (MT5 plastic) ~8,400
Climate Transition  
(multi-theme)6
% CO2 emissions avoided vs. alternative ~89% reduction per container used7
Communities # of affordable/specialized housing units built or rehabilitated 8 ~3,100
Accessible and  
Affordable Education
# of individuals projected to complete professional training programs ~3,000
# of projected K–12 students served/educated annually ~600
Financial Inclusion # of small/midsized businesses served9 ~500,000
Accessible and  
Innovative Healthcare
# of patients served ~4,000
Inclusive Growth  
(multi-theme)10
# of individuals placed in jobs as a result of training programs ~300
# of individuals projected to complete professional training programs ~50,300
 1 Key performance indicators (KPIs), as provided directly by the relevant companies, represent aggregate metrics across the newly allocated investments 
and loans where data was available and singular metrics where aggregation was not possible or practicable.
 2 Represents a projection for the expected amount of energy to be produced (GWh). “GWh” represents gigawatt-hours.
 3 FAO is the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations.
 4 Expanded polystyrene (EPS) foam.
 5 Metric tons.
 6 Climate Transition (multi-theme) includes activity related to two or more of the five key impact themes within Climate Transition: clean energy, sustainable 
transport, sustainable food and agriculture, waste and materials, and ecosystem services.
 7 Using the company’s intermediate bulk containers resulted in 89% less CO 2-equivalent emissions per container used compared to an alternative. For more 
information, please visit the company’s website .
 8 Represents the number of affordable/specialized housing units that Goldman Sachs provided financing for the construction and/or rehabilitation of and 
may still be under development.
 9 Small/midsized businesses are defined as businesses having approximately between five and 25 employees.
 10 Inclusive Growth (multi-theme) includes activity related to two or more of the four key impact themes within Inclusive Growth: accessible and innovative 
healthcare, financial inclusion, accessible and affordable education, and communities.
111 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → KPI Reporting

SECTION 5
Featured 
Investments
112 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report

At Goldman Sachs, we are committed to aligning 
our business with a net zero by 2050 pathway, 
and we seek to drive decarbonization in the real 
economy, in partnership with our clients and 
companies that we invest in. Preventing the worst 
impacts of climate change will require capital, 
innovation and coordination across both the 
public and private sector as businesses across 
regions and sectors seek to implement low-carbon 
solutions —  and communities everywhere adapt  
to an increasingly warming world.
Climate Transition
SkySpecs performs wind blade 
inspections using advanced drone 
and imaging-analytics technology, 
automating damage classification 
and repair optimization for wind asset 
owners and operators. SkySpecs’ 
inspection services and accompanying 
asset management offerings allow for 
a holistic view of turbine health and 
help customers manage asset risk, 
predict failures, prioritize repairs and 
extend asset-useful life. This reduces 
the overall levelized cost of energy 
(LCOE) of wind as a power resource, 
helping optimize energy production 
from a renewable source.
CLEAN ENERGY
CASE STUDY
SkySpecs, Inc.
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Featured Investments
113

GridPoint provides energy 
management technology for 
commercial buildings and seeks to 
deliver savings to customers upon 
installation and enabling greater 
integration of distributed energy for 
grid resilience. Leveraging real-time 
data analytics, intelligent automation 
and patented algorithms, GridPoint 
is helping redefine energy optimization 
for businesses, buildings and the 
grid. Through use of monitoring 
equipment (e.g., controller, meters, 
thermostats) and cloud-based 
applications (e.g., report and analytics, 
HVAC health and testing), GridPoint 
aims to deliver measurable dollar 
and energy savings, plus visibility 
into complex building operations 
and actionable facility insights, while 
allowing for more distributed energy 
resources, such as battery storage and 
electric vehicle chargers on the grid.
CLEAN ENERGY
CASE STUDY
GridPoint
114 
Sustainability Issuance Report → Featured Investments
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report

The 145 MW Panorama Wind Farm, located in Weld 
County, Colorado, developed by Leeward Renewable 
Energy, will generate electricity for approximately 
53,000 homes in Colorado, New Mexico and Wyoming. 
Goldman Sachs’ investment provides support for Leeward 
Renewable Energy’s ambitious growth plan and continued 
commitment to developing, owning and operating 
best-in-class renewable generation assets. The project 
created 185 jobs during peak construction and will 
provide renewable energy jobs and significant property 
tax contributions to Weld County. The project will also 
provide power to Guzman Energy customers, which consist 
of rural electric cooperatives, municipalities, and tribes 
throughout the region.
AgTech Crop Health Management Platform (“AgTech Platform”) 
provides monitoring, automation and pest management 
services to reduce water consumption, enhance crop yields 
and, increasingly, improve labor efficiency in agriculture. 
AgTech Platform’s plant-level software solution is based on 
the deployment of a suite of sensors, including its proprietary 
dendrometers, which are provided to the farmer at no up-front 
cost. AgTech Platform has established itself as a market leader in 
health solutions for high-value permanent crops throughout its 
core regions of Western US, Israel and Australia.
AgTech Platform’s core offering helps reduce water and energy 
waste, while enhancing yields to sustainably increase food 
production. AgTech Platform also supplies pheromone products 
for pest control, mitigating the use of chemical pesticides and 
associated adverse biodiversity implications. AgTech Platform is 
developing an offering in precision nutrient deployment, which 
would limit fertilizer run-off, in turn reducing water pollution  
and improving soil quality.
1 For additional details on the estimated impact of the Panorama Wind Farm, please refer to Leeward Renewable Energy, LLC’s website .
2 Name of firm has been anonymized.
CLEAN ENERGY
CASE STUDY
Leeward Panorama1
FOOD & AGRICULTURE
CASE STUDY
AgTech Crop 
Health Management Platform2
115 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Featured Investments

TemperPack is one of the largest producers of sustainable cold chain materials for food 
and life science products in the US, providing environmentally friendly thermal packaging 
applications for shipping perishable and mission-critical products. TemperPack’s flagship 
product, ClimaCell thermal insulation, is a nontoxic and curbside-recyclable box liner made 
of 90% cornstarch and paper. In 2022, TemperPack launched WaveKraft, an on-demand 
paper insulation system, and acquired KTM Industries, adding the compostable Green Cell 
Foam to its portfolio of sustainable solutions.
WASTE & MATERIALS
CASE STUDY
TemperPack Technologies
116 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Featured Investments

Goodpack is a global provider of metal container solutions (in the form of intermediate bulk containers or 
“IBCs”) primarily used for the transport and storage of various products across multiple industries, including 
rubber, food products, automotive and others. The company provides resilient, cost-efficient and sustainable 
supply chain services through its fleet of reusable containers and a global network of strategically located 
depots. Headquartered in Singapore, the company owns a fleet of over four million IBCs and benefits from 
an extensive global network spanning more than 70 countries with ~5,000 delivery and collection points. 
Goodpack is committed to the safe and secure transportation of raw materials and products essential to 
today’s commerce and economic development. From an ESG perspective, the business is well-placed as a 
provider of returnable, reusable and long-life packaging. Goodpack’s rugged, robust and reusable containers 
represent efficient, safe and environmentally sustainable packaging solutions that are delivered locally and 
collected globally. The issue with traditional packaging materials (e.g., wooden or plastic pallets, cardboard 
or wooden crates, metal drums) is that they are mostly one-way and single-use, discarded after one or a few 
journeys. Moreover, these traditional packaging materials offer limited payload protection during shipment, 
which may result in additional wastage through unnecessary product replacement. Through using Goodpack’s 
solutions, clients —  including international blue-chip companies —  are able to support the decarbonization 
of their supply chain and reduce their carbon footprint, through transport shipping and storage efficiencies, 
creating circular supply chains that operate more sustainably than traditional alternatives.
CLIMATE TRANSITION (MULTI-THEME)
CASE STUDY
Goodpack
117 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Featured InvestmentsSustainability Issuance Report → Featured Investments

We recognize that growth must be inclusive to be sustainable. 
As with the complexity of a transition to a low-carbon economy, 
the inclusive growth challenge is far from simple and cannot be 
solved by a single financial institution. Our approach combines over 
two decades of experience investing in underserved communities, 
learnings from connecting with and listening to the needs of a 
wide range of diverse communities, and partnerships to help drive 
solutions that improve affordability, access and quality of life.
Inclusive Growth
Goldman Sachs’ investment will finance the 
rehabilitation of the existing 248-unit public 
housing project in the US Virgin Islands, currently 
owned and managed by the local housing authority. 
The project represents an important public-private 
partnership for the US Virgin Islands. The Hodge 
Pavilion is located in an Opportunity Zone and an 
area targeted for support and rehabilitation by the 
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development 
(HUD). The project suffered hurricane and wind-
related damage from two back-to-back hurricanes 
in 2017, Irma and Maria. The rehabilitation will include 
many design, infrastructure, resiliency and energy 
improvements, to better equip the project to handle 
future weather events. The Hodge Pavilion utilizes 
HUD’s Rental Assistance Demonstration program, 
as well as additional funds made available by HUD 
through its Community Development Block Grant 
Disaster Recovery and by the Federal Emergency 
Management Agency, to address weather-related 
damage and storm-hardening in the US Virgin 
Islands. The project will help maintain and preserve 
affordability in a moderate-income area, with 
substantial need and limited supply of high-quality 
affordable housing.
COMMUNITIES
CASE STUDY
Walter IM  
Hodge Pavilion
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Featured Investments
118

LIIF takes an innovative approach to create quality and affordable child care spaces 
that support working families, often co-located with affordable housing. As part of 
Goldman Sachs’ One Million Black Women initiative, the firm provided a $20 million loan 
to support LIIF’s innovative new Brighter Futures Fund —  to be deployed primarily in New 
York City, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., and Atlanta, with emphasis on 
centers that are owned by Black women or serve Black mothers and families. Goldman 
Sachs also provided LIIF with $1.6 million of additional funding for the program through 
a philanthropic grant. This combined support will allow LIIF to build the new program 
from the ground up through grassroots outreach, hiring dedicated staff and delivering 
specialized technical assistance to affordable housing developers and early childhood 
education operators, who often have to navigate complex financing structures and 
regulatory requirements.
ACCESSIBLE AND AFFORDABLE EDUCATION
CASE STUDY
Low Income 
Investment Fund 
(LIIF) 
119 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Featured Investments

CareAcademy was founded in an effort to empower 
caregivers through an online education platform 
that trains them to deliver critical home care 
and home health to those in need while allowing 
caregivers to upskill their talent and move forward in 
the industry. Today, CareAcademy trains thousands 
of caregivers each month, preparing talent to meet 
market demand. CareAcademy provided training to 
thousands of caregivers and saved home care and 
home health agencies millions of dollars in training 
costs. Over 300,000 learners have completed 
more than 1.5 million hours of training. CareAcademy 
provides home care and home health agencies 
with a best-in-class online education platform that 
delivers engaging video-based classes and real-
world scenarios that walk through aspects of the 
caregiver experience. Through  One Million Black 
Women, Goldman Sachs participated as an investor 
in CareAcademy’s $20 million strategic round, which 
will seek to help improve product development 
and data measurement capabilities while unlocking 
the unmet potential of caregiving in home and 
community-based services.
In February 2022, Goldman Sachs provided a multi-currency and multi-jurisdiction credit facility to Siigo, a cloud-based 
enterprise resource planning software provider to small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Colombia, Peru, Chile, Ecuador 
and Uruguay, to acquire Aspel, another ERP provider focused on SMEs in Mexico, making it a leader in Latin America for 
accounting and administrative software services for SMEs in the region.
Siigo delivers a mission-critical, cloud-based application software to SMEs across the Latin American region, having been 
previously recognized as the Microsoft Partner of the Year in Colombia, due to its innovation and advanced technology for 
small business reporting and accounting. Siigo’s product portfolio includes e-invoicing, inventory reconciliation, purchasing, 
payroll, point of sale, reporting and digital/eCommerce integrations for customers.
INCLUSIVE GROWTH (MULTI-THEME)
CASE STUDY
CareAcademy
FINANCIAL INCLUSION
CASE STUDY
Siigo
120 
Sustainability Issuance Report → Featured Investments
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report

SECTION 6
Report of Independent 
Accountants
121 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 300 Madison Ave, New York, NY 
T: 646-471-3000, www.pwc.com/us 
Report of Independent Accountants 
 
To the Management of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  
 
We have examined the management assertion of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. that the total net proceeds of 
$971,448,575, from the gross issuance of $975,100,000, consisting of the net proceeds from: 
(i)  the March 2022 $100 million callable fixed rate notes due 2032;  
(ii)  the June 2022 $700 million fixed-to-SOFR floating rate notes due 2027;  
(iii)  the July 2022 JPY 10 billion ($73 million) callable fixed rate credit-linked notes due 2029;  
(iv) the July 2022 $20 million callable range accrual notes due 2029;  
(v)  the September 2022 EUR 30 million ($29.1 million) fixed coupon autocallable notes due 2032; and  
(vi)  the December 2022 EUR 50 million ($53 million) autocallable notes due 2029, 
were used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, investments made and loans entered into in relation to eligible 
green and social projects during the period from January 1, 2022 (within one year prior to issuance) through 
December 31, 2022, based on the assessment criteria described on pages 103-109 of this Sustainability Issuance 
Report 2022. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.’s management is responsible for its assertion. Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on management’s assertion based on our examination. 
 
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants (AICPA). Those standards require that we plan and perform the examination to obtain 
reasonable assurance about whether management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects. An examination 
involves performing procedures to obtain evidence about management’s assertion. The nature, timing, and extent of 
the procedures selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of 
management’s assertion, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence we obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant ethical 
requirements related to the engagement. 
 
Only the net proceeds of $971,448,575 and the related criteria included on pages 103-109 of this Sustainability 
Issuance Report 2022 is part of the management assertion of The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. and our examination 
engagement. The other information in the Sustainability Issuance Report 2022 and Goldman Sachs 2022 
Sustainability Report has not been subjected to the procedures applied in our examination engagement, and 
accordingly, we make no comment as to its completeness and accuracy and do not express an opinion or provide any 
assurance on such information.  
 
In our opinion, management’s assertion is fairly stated, in all material respects.  
 
  
 
 
New York, New York 
April 21, 2023   
 
122 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report
Sustainability Issuance Report → Report of Independent Accountants

This document is not a product of Goldman Sachs Global Investment Research. This document, which has not been 
externally audited except where otherwise indicated, does not assess the merits of trading in any of the securities 
or loans of the companies named herein and should not be relied on as a basis for any such transaction or for any 
other investment decision. This document does not constitute an offer to sell the securities or loans of the companies 
named herein or a solicitation of proxies or votes and should not be construed as consisting of investment advice. 
This material is not intended to be used as a general guide to investing, or as a source of any specific investment 
recommendations. Goldman Sachs is not providing any financial, economic, legal, accounting, or tax advice or 
recommendations. All investments involve risk, and past results do not guarantee future returns. We encourage you 
to consult with your advisors on whether ESG is appropriate with your holistic investment strategy before investing.
The material is not intended to make representations as to the environmental and sustainability initiatives of any third 
parties, whether named herein or otherwise, which may involve information and events that are beyond our control. Local 
rules on which projects, activities or investments may be considered to be “sustainable,” “green,” “ESG” or similar terms 
vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and this document does not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy 
of such descriptions and is subject to any specific disclosures that may be made in relation to any given project, activity, 
investment at the point of sale where applicable. This document has been prepared using data and methodologies which 
are subject to certain limitations, including ongoing developments in: (a) applicable laws and regulations; (b) techniques 
and standards for measuring and analyzing relevant data; (c) judgments, estimations and assumptions; and (d) availability 
of relevant data. This material does not purport to contain a comprehensive overview of Goldman Sachs products and 
offerings and may differ from the views and opinions of other departments or divisions of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates. 
The use of third party logos is purely for informational purposes. No affiliation, sponsorship or endorsement by or for any 
third party trademark owner is hereby expressed or implied. Stock images were included for illustrative purposes and are 
not owned by or featuring the company that is the subject of every case study.
We have included in this report statements that may constitute “forward-looking statements.” Forward-looking statements 
are not historical facts or statements of current conditions, but instead represent only our beliefs regarding future events, 
many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. These statements are not guarantees 
of future results or performance and involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are 
difficult to predict and are often beyond our control. These statements relate to, among other things, our goals, targets, 
aspirations and objectives, and include the use of projections in connection with aggregated key performance indicator 
(KPI) metrics provided by third parties, and actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, 
or implied by, any of these forward looking statements, including KPI projections. Factors that could cause our results 
to differ from the forward-looking statements include global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, 
technological innovations, scientific developments, increased availability of relevant data, climate-related conditions and 
weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, and other unforeseen events or conditions. For more information, 
see “Forward-Looking Statements” in Part 1, Item 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 
2022 (2022 10-K) and in our subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). In addition, 
important factors that generally affect our business and operations can be found under “Risk Factors” in Part I, Item 1A  
of our 2022 10-K, and in subsequent reports filed with the SEC.
Our approach to the disclosures included in this report differs from our approach to the disclosures we include in our 
mandatory regulatory reports, including our filings with the SEC. This report is intended to provide information from a 
different perspective and in more detail than that required to be included in other regulatory reports, including our  
filings with the SEC. 
123 
Goldman Sachs 2022 Sustainability Issuance Report