p. 26
ON THE COVER
Bayway Refinery
LINDEN, NJ
Cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements can be found here.
p. 52
We work with our internal and 
external stakeholders to collaborate 
on key issues. Maintaining open lines 
of communication and trust is a 
priority for us.
Boys and Girls Club of  
Lummi Nation grand opening
BELLINGHAM, WA
p. 10
Our assets are some of the most 
competitive in the industry, and the 
integration of our portfolio positions us to 
create value throughout market cycles.
Sweeny Hub
OLD OCEAN, TX
p. 71
We are committed to providing 
transparent and meaningful 
disclosures on our lobbying 
activities. We collaborate with 
trade associations to share 
industry best practices and 
advance meaningful policies. 
Investor Day 2022  
Closing Bell Ceremony at NYSE
NEW YORK, NY

Find company policies, key governance 
documents and related information on  
the Phillips 66 ESG Library.
3TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Leadership Messages  4 
 Our Strategic Approach to Sustainability  6
 Our Businesses  8 
 Health, Safety and Environment  28 
  
 Stakeholder Engagement  50
 Governance 62 
 2023 Lobbying Activities  71 
   Performance Data  78 
 DCP Midstream 83
p. 33
By driving human and organizational 
performance, we believe we can reduce the 
likelihood of safety and environmental events 
and mitigate incidents if they do occur.
Billings Refinery
BILLINGS, MT

To Our Stakeholders,
The publication of our annual sustainability report provides an opportunity to reflect on the great work we are doing 
at Phillips 66. As we report on our accomplishments and advance toward our goals, we are reminded of our mission 
to provide energy and improve lives. While sustainability is front and center in the pursuit of that mission, so too is 
resilience. Throughout this report, you will see examples of our resilience: how we’re transforming to continuously 
improve our operations and competitiveness now and in the future. 
Resilience at Phillips 66 extends through our entire value chain and across our operations. It is about preparing for the 
future, ensuring asset integrity and business continuity while creating a culture of excellence that supports everyone 
who works here. We develop and train our workforce and engage with our communities. We also remain ready to 
capture the right opportunities while maintaining our focus on health, safety and environmental performance.
As energy markets evolve, we are focusing on our strategic priorities and positioning ourselves to compete in a 
sustainable and disciplined way. Through our Business Transformation initiative, we are bolstering our financial 
position by rethinking how we work. We are investing in our core assets and growth where it makes sense, including 
lower-carbon opportunities. We are advancing our natural gas and natural gas liquids wellhead-to-market business 
strategy with the recent integration of DCP Midstream. And we are focused on improving refining performance and 
pursuing value-enhancing projects in high-growth markets.
Our resilience doesn’t stop there. Using a returns-focused approach, we are tapping our assets and capabilities to 
develop near-term opportunities in renewable fuels and longer-term opportunities in other forms of energy. We’re 
creating refineries of the future – transforming our San Francisco Refinery in Rodeo, 
California, into one of the world’s largest renewable fuels facilities, and we are producing  
lower-carbon fuels, including sustainable aviation fuel, at our Humber Refinery in  
the U.K. And to further demonstrate our environmental commitment, we added a  
long-term 2050 greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction target that builds on  
our 2030 target.
We are driving shareholder and economic value and returned more than  
$33 billion to shareholders through dividends, share repurchases and  
exchanges between 2012 and 2022. In 2022, Phillips 66 paid approximately  
$2 billion in income and property taxes to federal, state and local governments, 
helping fund programs for public schools and projects like roads, bridges, ports 
and waterways. 
This report continues our commitment to transparent and accurate reporting of 
our sustainability progress with performance data. It includes feedback from our 
stakeholders and details on our governance policies and programs. You will see 
that governance starts at the top and is present in all areas of the organization. 
Our workforce is innovating toward a more sustainable future for everyone while 
working to safely and reliably meet the world’s growing energy demands.
We appreciate you taking the time to read this year’s sustainability report – a story 
of resilience – and we welcome your feedback.
 
Mark Lashier
Mark Lashier
President and CEO
4
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2022 SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITY ASSESSMENT 
2,000+ 
Internal and external 
stakeholders engaged
300+  
unique responses collected
23  
topics of interest identified
Taking an Inclusive Approach  
to Sustainability Reporting 
In 2022, Emerging Energy and Sustainability united under one organization led by Executive Vice 
President Zhanna Golodryga. She takes pride in aligning sustainability with corporate strategy as 
Phillips 66 seizes opportunities to compete and make a difference in the energy transition. 
What are the guideposts for Phillips 66’s sustainability strategy?   
Sustainability shapes how we define and execute our strategy. Our actions are 
guided by our five pillars of sustainability — environmental stewardship, social 
responsibility, governance, operational excellence and financial performance. 
We focus on continual improvements that keep our assets and communities 
strong as we work to meet the world’s growing energy needs. 
How do you seek and incorporate stakeholder feedback?  
Our stakeholders are critically important because they give us our license 
to operate, meaning they know Phillips 66 is a good community member 
and business partner. This report aims to provide transparency on our 
ability to deliver results and meet our sustainability goals. In 2022, we 
conducted a sustainability priority assessment with internal and external 
stakeholders to help us identify the highest-interest issues. These topics 
were consistently mentioned, and we cover them in detail in this report:
• Climate change.
• Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
• Employee and stakeholder engagement.
We are committed to shareholder and community engagement and are responsive  
to feedback. For example, in 2022, we supported CPChem’s enhanced disclosures  
on advancing recycled polymers, and in 2023, we updated disclosures on our lobbying 
activities in this report. We also regularly engage with employees and discuss specific actions  
they can take to advance sustainability.
How is sustainability tied to employee performance reviews and incentives?  
Sustainability is closely aligned with how we assess and reward performance, including our annual Variable  
Cash Incentive Program. The VCIP consists of 50% financial sustainability metrics and 50% operational sustainability 
metrics. One of our operational sustainability metrics relates to environmental performance and is weighted at 15%.  
It includes efforts to advance lower-carbon investments and progress GHG emissions reduction targets.  
• Emerging energy.
• Workforce safety. 
• Waste and recycling.
Zhanna Golodryga
HOUSTON, TX
5
LEADERSHIP MESSAGES
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS

Our Strategic Approach to Sustainability
Our approach to sustainability focuses on continuously improving our operations, minimizing our impact 
on the environment, developing our employees, engaging with our communities in an environmentally 
just way that advances our business and enhances economic and social well-being and delivers results. It 
is aligned with our strategy and supports the long-term resilience and competitiveness of the company 
as we execute our mission of providing energy and improving lives while living our values of safety, honor 
and commitment. 
ABOUT THIS REPORT
Phillips 66 has published annual sustainability metrics and information since the company was founded 
in 2012. In this year’s report, we continue that transparency and have assessed our operations against 
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) materiality criteria for Refining, Marketing and 
Midstream, addressing those most relevant to our businesses and stakeholders, and the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) standards. 
We also considered industry trade association publications, including sustainability reporting guidance 
for the oil and gas industry published by Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute (API) and the 
International Association of Oil & Gas Producers. Our most recent Task Force on Climate-related  
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Analysis can be found here.
Unless otherwise stated, this report covers Phillips 66’s performance in 2022 and includes the results of 
our operated joint ventures, such as WRB Refining LP. Although Phillips 66 began to consolidate DCP 
Midstream, LP (DCP Midstream) in 2022, this report primarily covers Phillips 66’s 2022 performance 
and results. We have included highlights of DCP Midstream’s relevant 2022 sustainability information 
in the Our Businesses and Performance Data sections. With the integration, DCP Midstream will not 
publish future sustainability reports. Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, LLC (CPChem) publishes its 
sustainability report on its website. 
 
Ponca City Refinery
PONCA CITY, OK
6 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2022 Sustainability Highlights
OUR BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT GOVERNANCE AND STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Reached a final investment decision to convert 
our San Francisco Refinery into one of the world’s 
largest renewable fuels facilities.
Earned International Sustainability and Carbon 
Certification (ISCC) PLUS certification for our Sweeny 
Refinery in Old Ocean, Texas, to process oil made 
from waste plastics into feedstocks for new plastics.
Recognized for safety performance by 
the American Fuel and Petrochemical 
Manufacturers (AFPM): 
• Sweeny Refinery received the 
Distinguished Safety Award, the  
most prestigious safety award in  
our industry, for the second 
consecutive year.   
• Bayway, Borger and Santa Maria 
refineries won the Gold Elite Award – 
top 5% in our industry.  
• Ponca Refinery won the Silver Elite 
Award – top 10% in our industry. 
Phillips 66’s Moody’s rating improvement was based on:
• Improved disclosures on energy transition  
and business planning. 
• Corporate governance practices. 
• Industry-leading ethics controls.
Earned the API large operator 
Distinguished Pipeline Safety Award  
for the third consecutive year.  
Received the International Liquid  
Terminals Association’s Platinum  
Safety Award for 2021 performance  
in the large-company division.
Collaborated with CPChem to enhance its 
sustainability reporting to include scenario analysis.
Completed the first U.K. production of sustainable 
aviation fuel (SAF) at the Humber Refinery and 
supplied to British Airways. 
Established a joint venture with H2 Energy  
to create a European network of hydrogen  
refueling stations.
Completed CDP Climate Change and Water Survey.
8% 
reduction in manufacturing (Scope 1 & 2) emissions 
intensity from 2019 levels
17% 
above the Moody’s sector average rating in each 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) category and 
a one-step improvement in MSCI ranking from A to AA
3% 
reduction in product (Scope 3) emissions intensity from 
2019 levels
7
OUR STRATEGIC APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

Sweeny Hub
OLD OCEAN, TX
Our Businesses
8
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

We are advancing the  
efficiency and resilience of our 
diversified operations.
OUR BUSINESSES
 9

Our mission of providing energy and improving lives extends to every aspect of our businesses. 
As the global population grows, access to secure, affordable, reliable and abundant energy is needed to  
drive human progress. At the same time, the need for global action to reduce GHG emissions is increasing. 
We believe there is a need for investments in our assets that help meet energy demand, deliver shareholder 
value and support climate change goals consistent with the Paris Agreement. 
In addition to transportation fuels, we produce the raw materials our customers use to cool engines, manufacture 
health care products and medical devices, pharmaceuticals, plastics and rubber, adhesives and sealants, engine 
oils and other lubricants, electronics, vehicles, batteries, agricultural products, and wind turbines and solar panels 
that capture alternative energy. 
We manufacture, transport and market products to meet the world’s growing energy needs through our 
Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing and Specialties businesses. We strive to increase the efficiency 
of our diversified operations and reduce costs by promoting innovation and leveraging digital capabilities. Our 
integrated portfolio positions us to create value through the market cycles. Our strategic priorities, announced  
at our 2022 Investor Day, detail goals that we expect to further improve our competitive position and increase  
our value creation.
Our inclusive culture, strong balance sheet, scale, commercial acumen and growth opportunities within our core 
assets and lower-carbon initiatives contribute to our long-term resilience and sustainability. 
Freeport Terminal
FREEPORT, TX
10 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT

11
OUR BUSINESSES
28 
global manufacturing facilities
2 
research and development 
centers in the United States
72,000+ 
miles of U.S. pipeline systems
719,000 
BPD of NGL fractionation capacity
5.5 
BCFD of natural gas processing
MIDSTREAM
Our Midstream business provides crude oil and refined 
petroleum product transportation, terminaling and 
processing services. For its natural gas and NGL products, 
transportation, storage, fractionation, gathering and 
processing and marketing are mainly provided in the 
United States and include those partially owned or 
operated by our affiliates, including DCP Midstream and 
our 16% investment in NOVONIX Limited (NOVONIX). 
CHEMICALS
Our 50% equity investment in CPChem, which 
manufactures and markets petrochemicals and plastics 
worldwide, is the basis for our Chemicals business. 
CPChem has assets concentrated in North America  
and the Middle East. 
REFINING
We refine crude oil and other feedstocks into petroleum 
products, such as gasoline, distillates, aviation fuels  
and renewable fuels. Our Refining business focuses  
on operating excellence and margin enhancement. 
MARKETING AND SPECIALTIES 
We market refined petroleum products and renewable 
products, mainly in the United States and Europe. This 
segment includes the manufacturing and marketing of 
specialty products, such as base oils and lubricants.    
7,200 
branded U.S. outlets
1,670 
branded international outlets
1.9 million 
BPD of crude throughput capacity
12 
refineries in the United States 
and Europe
As of Jan. 1, 2023
Find more details on our assets, operations and strategic priorities in the Year In Review.

2022 Financial Performance   
Energy is a critical part of our world’s infrastructure, and we work to ensure people have secure, affordable, 
readily available access to it. To do that, we must operate in a fiscally responsible manner. In 2022, we reported 
net income attributable to Phillips 66’s shareholders of $11 billion and $10.8 billion of cash from operating 
activities. We used available cash to pay down $2.4 billion in debt, fund capital expenditures and investments of 
$2.2 billion, pay dividends on our common stock of $1.8 billion and repurchase $1.5 billion of our common stock. 
Additionally, we increased our cash and cash equivalents by $3 billion to $6.1 billion.
AT A GLANCE
Capital Investments
San Francisco Refinery
RODEO, CA
$2.2 billion
capital investments and expenditures funded  
in 2022
$1.1 billion
2023 growth capital budget with approximately 
50% supporting lower-carbon opportunities
$865 million
2023 sustaining capital budget
Additional financial information is 
available on the Phillips 66 Investors site.  
$2 billion
2023 capital program including sustaining and 
growth capital 
12
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Providing Affordable Energy  
and Optimizing for the Future 
We believe our assets are some of the most competitive in the industry. Our refineries’  
integration with our Midstream, Chemicals, and Marketing and Specialties businesses provides 
us with flexibility and optionality. We seek opportunities to enhance margins and 
improve the cost structure of our assets to ensure long-term competitiveness.
We are simplifying processes, streamlining decision making, leveraging 
digital capabilities and advancing automation to maximize utilization 
and uptime and to reduce costs. 
Our AdvantEdge66 program began in 2018 and progressed 
through 2022. This enterprisewide digital transformation 
program focused on using data, artificial intelligence and 
machine learning to deliver agility, efficiency and value, and  
it set the foundation for our Business Transformation.
TRANSFORMING OUR BUSINESS
Our Business Transformation reinforces our company’s 
commitment to resiliency and maintaining financial 
strength. Our high-performing organization delivered 
more than 3,000 ideas to improve how we work, make 
us more agile and maximize resources by leveraging 
technology. More than 500 of those ideas are already in 
place and delivering value or positioned to deliver value. 
By the end of the first quarter of 2023, we achieved more 
than $600 million in run-rate savings, including $200 million 
in sustaining capital efficiencies, while prioritizing safety 
and reliability. Business Transformation initiatives range from 
increasing our use of rejuvenated catalysts at our refineries, 
which boosts recycling and reduces waste, to establishing new 
tools that enhance steam and energy data visibility. These initiatives 
build upon our diversified, integrated portfolio, giving us more 
resiliency during turbulent times and enhancing our ability to maximize 
value in any market condition. 
Organizationally, we’ve strengthened our centralized model for core functions  
like Finance, Procurement, IT and Capital Projects to drive consistency and  
reduce redundancies across the company. This supports a significant portion  
of our cost reductions. 
$1 billion
on track to meet Business Transformation run-rate savings goal by the end of 2023
OPTIMIZING THE VALUE CHAIN 
Our Value Chain Optimization organization is designed to maximize feedstock acquisition, product placement 
and asset utilization opportunities across our integrated system. It promotes effective, consistent, day-to-day 
optimization decisions that prioritize the company’s interests to maximize earnings.  
Borger Refinery
BORGER, TX
13
OUR BUSINESSES

UTILIZING DIGITAL CAPABILITIES 
We are utilizing digital capabilities across the enterprise to increase operational efficiencies, enhance 
human performance, improve environmental performance and deliver value.
Midstream Digital Innovation 
• We use our Deep Learning optimization  
solution to boost fractionation capacity  
and maximize throughput. 
• We implemented a Digital Control Room system 
to replace manual, paper-based daily processes 
and build compliance checks into our Midstream 
Pipeline Control Center, simplifying processes 
and streamlining communications.
• We automated our Control Center steady-state 
operation to minimize manual inputs, improving 
flow rates and increasing throughput. This  
also preserves pipeline integrity by reducing  
pressure-cycle fatigue. 
• We are piloting programs to perform drone tank 
seal inspections and monitor our rights-of-way 
using satellites.
Digital Operations and Maintenance 
Our Digital Operations and Maintenance (DOM) program implements new technologies that give us greater 
visibility into our systems and allow us to identify opportunities to optimize processes. For example, operators 
and engineers can see the entire steam system using our steam network visualization and optimization tool. The 
tool also provides prescriptive actions to optimize steam usage and minimize loss from venting. This is expected 
to help us recover 250 million pounds of steam annually after the program is implemented at all sites in 2023. 
Energy efficiency 
Emissions reduction 
Cost reduction 
Margin improvement 
DIGITAL OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE INITIATIVES AND IMPLEMENTATION
% Implementation in 2022DOM Initiative Benefits
Crude Preheat Exchanger Optimization
Steam Network Visualization
Steam Trap Monitoring 
Energy Intensity Index Visualization 
60%
40%
40%
10%
Pipeline Control Center
BARTLESVILLE, OK
14
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT14
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

FORECASTING WITH MACHINE LEARNING 
Phillips 66 is using machine learning to make predictive decisions that 
enhance our operations. For example, we created a model that predicts 
exports of clean products, saving the Commercial team time, 
increasing forecasting accuracy and reducing demurrage costs.
MANAGING LOGISTICS  
Our transportation management system optimizes shipment 
routes and reduces costs for bulk truck shipments, reducing 
manual data entries and giving us near real-time visibility 
over the entire shipment process.
CREATING ENERGY EFFICIENCIES
Energy expenditures can account for a significant 
portion of a refinery’s operating expenses. To reduce 
these expenses, we capture opportunities to make 
improvements in heat integration, furnace controls and 
steam optimization. We have set a goal for our refining  
sites to achieve top-third energy efficiency by 2030 and have 
identified efficiency projects to lower energy consumption 
at our facilities. We also strive to incorporate energy efficiency 
best practices in new buildings and equipment design. For 
example, our headquarters building in Houston is certified as a 
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED)  
Platinum facility. 
Our Energy Best Practices network has employees from all our refineries and 
corporate staff, including Refining Business Improvement, Energy Research & Innovation 
(ERI) and IT. The network meets regularly to share information about technology, 
experiences at their plants and ongoing energy conservation projects.
London Office
LONDON, U.K.
15
U.S. EPA ENERGY STAR ® CERTIFICATIONS 
Since our inception in 2012, six of our 10 U.S. refineries have earned U.S. EPA ENERGY STAR® 
certifications for performing in the top 25% of similar facilities nationwide for energy efficiency and 
meeting Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) performance levels. Additionally, six of our refineries 
have self-operated or third-party-operated cogeneration units, which simultaneously use a single 
fuel source to produce electricity and heat. The process helps us meet our manufacturing needs and 
converts heat that would otherwise be lost into thermal energy to supply steam for our processes.
OUR BUSINESSES

Delivering on Our Wellhead-to-Market Strategy   
We see opportunity in the growing global demand for natural gas liquids (NGLs) and chemicals. NGLs, which 
include ethane, propane, butane and pentane, are in-demand hydrocarbons used for petrochemical products 
that enable everyday life, home heating, cooking and fuel blending. In 2022, we realigned our economic and 
governance interests in DCP Midstream. In 2023, we completed the acquisition of all publicly held common 
units of DCP Midstream, which increased our economic interest to approximately 87%. The integration of DCP 
Midstream’s large-scale natural gas gathering and processing and NGL networks with Phillips 66’s fractionation 
and export facilities is expected to strengthen our competitive position and result in operational and commercial 
synergies that capture value from wellhead to market.
On April 1, 2023, Phillips 66 welcomed approximately 1,800 legacy DCP Midstream employees. DCP Midstream 
spent the last decade transforming its base business and extending its midstream value chain while working 
to improve safety, reliability, environmental performance and the employee experience. Because of the timing 
of integrating DCP Midstream and publishing of this year’s sustainability report, DCP Midstream’s 2022 
sustainability highlights and data are included here. DCP Midstream’s strong commitment to sustainability 
enables Phillips 66 to maintain momentum throughout the integration and work toward our ESG goals. 
AT A GLANCE
DCP Midstream’s 2022 Sustainability Highlights
Tim 
Roberts
20% 
reduction in Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions across its 
operations from base year 2018 
$1.5+ million 
committed to community investments, aligning its philanthropic 
investments around three core pillars of STEM education, health 
awareness and love of country 
Received GPA Midstream Association’s Environmental  
Excellence Award for its voluntary, industry-led methane 
mapping and mitigation initiative, a cooperative effort with an 
aerospace company.
Outperformed its GPA Midstream Association peer group on  
the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA)  
Total Recordable Injury Rate (TRIR). Achieved 0.57 TRIR versus 
the GPA Midstream Association Division 1 average of 0.61.
Held Elevate @ DCP Women’s Conference. The conference 
brought together more than 170 of the company’s female leaders 
and focused on professional development, growing leadership 
skills and building connections.
“Our acquisition of DCP  
Midstream allows us to leverage  
the best that both companies offer, 
including technology, talent, best 
practices, scale and culture.” 
TIM ROBERTS
Executive Vice President, Midstream and Chemicals 
16
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

O’Connor Gas Complex
LA SALLE, CO
Strengthening Our Growing NGL Value Chain 
Vice President of Midstream Operations and President of Phillips 66 Pipeline Bill Johnson,  
who brings more than 12 years of experience with DCP Midstream operations and more than  
30 years in the industry, says he’s excited about the opportunities ahead as Phillips 66 becomes 
a leading player in the midstream space.  
What are you looking forward to most as a result of the DCP Midstream 
integration into Phillips 66?   
When two great companies with proud histories and a track record of success come 
together, there are endless opportunities to learn from each other and drive 
improvement across the board. I’m very excited to continue improving safety 
performance to keep our people even safer. Also, our combined spirit of 
innovation and collaboration is going to mean we operate safer, more 
reliably and more efficiently. We’ll make better and faster decisions. These 
things create value for shareholders over time.  
You led DCP Midstream through transformation,  
and Phillips 66 is undergoing its Business  
Transformation now. What benefits does the  
process bring to sustainability?  
Transformations are about tapping into people’s creativity, knowledge 
and brainpower to look for new and better ways of doing things. Culture 
and a transformational mindset set you up for success in sustainability 
because your people approach challenges and opportunities with an open 
mind and are more aware of what’s happening in the broader world. 
Transformation also empowers people to use new technology, 
data and tools that deliver more transparent insights about our 
operations, which helps us reach sustainability goals.
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS
Bill Johnson
HOUSTON, TX
DCP Midstream’s 2022 Sustainability Highlights
Find historical DCP Midstream sustainability 
reporting materials here. See the Performance 
Data section of this report for its 2022 results.
17
OUR BUSINESSES

Advancing a Lower-Carbon Future
We are committed to helping the world address climate change. Achieving long-term GHG emissions reductions 
will require changes at Phillips 66, throughout our industry and the rest of the world. The effort will also require 
significant shifts in consumer behavior and supply chains. We believe that further national policies and permitting 
reforms are needed to spur investment in lower-carbon infrastructure and technology development at scale. 
WORKING TOWARD GHG EMISSIONS 
REDUCTION TARGETS
We have set targets to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions intensity from our operations by 30% and 
Scope 3 emissions intensity of our energy products 
by 15% by 2030, as compared to 2019 levels. These 
medium-term targets are tied to currently planned 
or under-development projects consistent with the 
company’s disciplined approach to capital allocation 
and focus on returns. Building on our 2030 targets, in 
2022, we added a target to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions intensity 50% by 2050. To achieve our 
targets, we are pursuing projects that are expected to:  
• Improve the energy efficiency of our operations.
• Grow production and blending of renewable fuels 
and lower-carbon supply chain products, such as 
premium coke and lubricants. 
•  Increase renewable power sources to use in  
our operations.
•  Capture CO2 from our operations.
•  Produce lower-carbon-intensity hydrogen.
•  Support enterprise growth and portfolio 
optimization.
Achieving our 2050 target will also require changes 
beyond Phillips 66’s sphere of influence and control, 
such as: 
• Advancements that enable broad commercial 
deployment and use of lower-carbon technologies.
•  Global policies that fund and incentivize the 
development of a lower-carbon energy system. 
• Changes in consumer behavior and energy choices.
• Availability of materials throughout the  
supply chain.
Our 2022 manufacturing and product emissions 
intensity improved from 2019 levels due to portfolio 
changes, enhanced refining utilization and renewable 
fuels blending. Our 2030 and 2050 GHG emissions 
intensity reduction targets include DCP Midstream 
assets operated by Phillips 66.
18
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
For our position on climate change, see the Governance section.  
76® renewable  
diesel service station
PLEASANT HILL, CA

Governance of GHG Emissions Reduction Targets
Phillips 66 established a cross-functional team to evaluate and develop the company’s 2030 target-setting 
approach in 2021. The team used anticipated emissions from existing assets, reductions from planned and  
in-progress projects and changes from enterprise growth and portfolio optimization to develop  
the 2030 targets, which were reviewed and approved by management with 
board oversight. 
In 2022, we followed a similar approach to set the 2050 GHG 
emissions reduction targets, incorporating long-term 
energy outlooks and assumptions regarding global 
changes in the availability and deployment of 
lower-carbon technologies, consumer behaviors, 
governmental incentives and supply 
chain considerations.
MANUFACTURING EMISSIONS INTENSITY  
Scope 1 and 2 Metric Tons of CO 2e/MBOE
PRODUCT EMISSIONS INTENSITY  
Scope 3 Metric Tons of CO 2e/MBOE
Manufacturing-related  
emissions 
Scope 1 and 2  
from operated assets
Products manufactured  
and sold 
Scope 3 from  
operated assets
2019 Baseline 2019 Baseline 
2030 Target 
30% Reduction
2050 Target 
50% Reduction
2030 Target 
15% Reduction
Progress to GHG Emissions Reduction Targets
AT A GLANCE
2022 Progress 
8% Reduction
2022 Progress 
3% Reduction
For more details on GHG data, see the Performance Data section.  
Ferndale Refinery 
FERNDALE, WA
OUR BUSINESSES 19

Creating Alternatives for a Resilient Future
Phillips 66 is pursuing returns-focused projects, technologies and partnerships that support the decarbonization of 
our operations and provide customers with lower-carbon alternatives. Our Emerging Energy organization leverages 
our assets and capabilities to develop near-term opportunities in renewable fuels and longer-term opportunities 
in other energy technologies, including batteries, carbon capture, hydrogen, electric vehicle (EV) charging and 
renewable power.
We are creating refineries of the future by producing lower-carbon fuels from renewable and waste feedstocks 
and reducing the carbon intensity of our manufacturing processes. Phillips 66 has produced renewable fuels from 
vegetable oil at our San Francisco Refinery in Rodeo, California, since 2021, and we have refined fuel from used 
cooking oil (UCO) at our Humber Refinery in North Lincolnshire, United Kingdom, since 2017. 
Policies supporting lower-carbon energy incentives, including those in the Inflation Reduction Act, the European 
Green Deal and the U.K. Net Zero Strategy, create opportunities for Phillips 66 to be part of the energy transition. 
Our investment decisions are based on  
projects with the right returns, the right  
technology, the right environment, the  
right partnerships and capital structure,  
and the right timing.
 
INCREASING OUR RENEWABLE FUELS PRODUCTION
We are securing feedstock for our growing portfolio of renewable fuels projects through agreements with other 
companies, such as Shell Rock Soy Processing, a new soybean-processing plant in Iowa that began full operations 
in early 2023. In 2022, Phillips 66 made a final investment decision to move forward with Rodeo Renewed project 
and convert our San Francisco Refinery into one of the world’s largest renewable fuels facilities. Upon completion, 
the converted facility will no longer process crude oil. Instead, it will use waste oils, fats, greases and vegetable oils 
to produce renewable transportation fuels, including renewable diesel, renewable gasoline and SAF. The facility is 
expected to begin scaled commercial operations in 2024 and will be partially powered by solar energy through  
an agreement with NextEra Energy. 
Upon completion of the Rodeo Renewed project, we anticipate:
EVP of Emerging Energy and Sustainability, 
Zhanna Golodryga, at CERAWeek
HOUSTON, TX
800 million 
gallons per year (more than 50,000 BPD) of 
renewable transportation fuels
65% 
fewer life-cycle carbon emissions compared  
to conventional diesel
55% 
reduction of facility’s criteria pollutant emissions
160 million 
fewer gallons of water used per year at the facility
20
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

ADVANCING SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL 
SAF is a lower-carbon intensity aviation fuel produced from renewable feedstocks, such as waste oils, fats, greases 
and vegetable oils. It works in existing aircraft engines and requires no changes to airport fuel infrastructure.
Phillips 66 is a major U.S. refiner and supplier of petroleum jet fuel and aviation gasoline, and we currently have  
a memorandum of understanding with Southwest Airlines to advance the commercialization of SAF in the  
United States. 
In the United Kingdom, we made our first delivery of SAF to  
British Airways from our Humber Refinery in 2022 as part of our 
multiyear supply agreement. In recognition of this achievement, 
Humber Refinery received the Humber Renewables Award for 
Green Innovation. 
DRIVING A CIRCULAR ECONOMY 
In 2022, we received ISCC Plus Certification for our 
Sweeny Refinery in Texas to process pyrolysis oil 
made from hard-to-recycle waste plastics into circular 
ethane, circular propane, circular propylene and other 
sustainable feedstocks and petrochemical building 
blocks. Polymer producers, including CPChem, will 
use the products as they advance a circular economy 
for plastics. Pyrolysis oil can be generated from waste 
materials like plastic, tires and biomass that are refined 
to upgradable starting materials. Processing pyrolysis oils 
from waste highlights our resolve to contribute to a circular 
economy for plastics and fuels. Our Humber Refinery in the 
U.K. is ISCC EU and ISCC PLUS certified to process UCO, food 
waste and other circular feedstocks.
In 2023, our Lubricants business has increased the use of re-refined 
base stocks to blend finished lubricants, replacing base oils derived from 
crude oil. 
When compared to the average annual usage for the past five years, we are 
incorporating nearly twice as much re-refined base stock into our formulations.
Renewable diesel sampling 
at San Francisco Refinery
RODEO, CA
PUTTING MORE RENEWABLE FUELS ON THE ROAD
Biodiesel and renewable diesel are both renewable fuels, but they have different manufacturing processes and 
chemical compositions. Biodiesel must be blended with traditional diesel before being used in an engine. Our 
Richmond and Sacramento terminals in California have blended up to 20% biodiesel since 2018. We also blend 
biodiesel at our Colton Terminal in Bloomington, California. Renewable diesel is drop-in fuel and can be used in  
a traditional diesel engine without blending. We sell renewable diesel at approximately 600 branded fuel stations  
in California.
30+ million 
gallons of renewable diesel and conventional diesel distributed annually by eFuel, Phillips 66’s West Coast 
fuel distributor specializing in mobile fueling, bulk fuel deliveries and inventory management
21
OUR BUSINESSES

ENABLING DEPLOYMENT OF  
ELECTRIC VEHICLES, BATTERIES  
AND INFRASTRUCTURE
Our international participation in the EV value chain  
runs across our diverse businesses, including Refining, 
Marketing and Specialties and Emerging Energy.
We are a leading manufacturer of specialty coke,  
a refining product that is a precursor material to  
synthetic graphite used in lithium-ion batteries,  
which power EVs and other electronics like 
smartphones. With lithium-ion battery demand 
projected to experience sharp growth over the  
coming decades, Phillips 66 is an important part  
of the U.S. and European battery value chains.
We also produce high-performing lubricants  
formulated to meet the unique needs of EVs through  
the Phillips 66 e-Shield product line, which includes 
system fluid, grease and coolant.
Our battery program includes external collaborations 
and focuses on finding ways to incorporate readily 
available, responsibly sourced materials with the 
potential to extend the driving range for EVs. For 
example, synthetic anodes manufactured from 
petroleum coke have a higher fast-charge turnaround, 
battery longevity and electrolyte compatibility than 
natural coke.
Phillips 66 is an important 
part of the U.S. and European 
battery value chains.
NOVONIX
We have a strategic investment in NOVONIX and a 
technology development agreement to advance  
the production and commercialization of next-
generation anode materials for lithium-ion batteries. 
The agreement enables both companies to leverage 
leading industry positions, existing intellectual property 
and research and development capabilities to drive 
commercial development of optimized feedstocks  
and lithium-ion anode materials with reduced  
carbon-intensive processing. 
Faradion
We’re also part of a technical collaboration with  
battery-maker Faradion to develop lower-cost and 
higher-performing anode materials for sodium-ion 
batteries. This energy storage technology has an 
advantage because it uses sustainable and widely 
available materials. The collaboration is expected to 
leverage our experience developing specialty carbon 
materials and Faradion’s work as a leader in sodium-ion 
battery technology. Applications for this technology 
include mobility, stationary storage, backup power  
and energy in remote locations. 
FreeWire Technologies
In 2022, we installed FreeWire chargers at our flagship 
fuel station near our headquarters in Houston, marking 
our debut of ultrafast EV charging at a Phillips 66 
convenience fuel station. We also signed a letter of 
intent with FreeWire Technologies in support of its first 
EV charging program in the United States. The program 
will bring consumers electric fueling stations that meet 
their expectations for high-speed, on-the-go charging.  
JET Charge
We are supporting decarbonization of the U.K. car fleet 
through the launch of JET Charge ultra-rapid charging 
service. This service debuted at our JET Refinery 
service station in Immingham, providing high-speed 
chargers for EV drivers.
EV bays at JET Newton 
Park service station 
IMMINGHAM, U.K.
22
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

ENERGY RESEARCH  
& INNOVATION  
Phillips 66 is one of the few 
downstream energy companies  
with in-house research and 
development capabilities through 
our ERI organization. In addition 
to supporting current operations, 
this team supports a lower-carbon 
future by helping to develop and 
commercialize new technologies. 
The technicians, scientists and 
engineers at our Phillips 66 
Research Center in Bartlesville, 
Oklahoma, work to enhance the 
safety, reliability and sustainability 
of our operations. ERI’s work 
includes evaluating: 
• Renewable fuels  
processing technologies. 
• Next-generation battery 
technologies and  
partnership models. 
•  Novel carbon capture 
technologies. 
•  Lower-carbon  
hydrogen production. 
As of Dec. 31, 2022, Phillips 66 has 
517 active patents in 22 countries, 
including specialty carbon, premium 
coke, lower-carbon hydrogen, 
carbon capture and biofuels.
ASSESSING CARBON CAPTURE OPPORTUNITIES 
Carbon capture and storage (CCS) could enable decarbonization 
across manufacturing and heavy industry. International Energy 
Agency projections indicate that by 2040, CCS could lower 
global emissions by as much as 15%. Without this technology, 
the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
estimates global decarbonization efforts could be twice as costly. 
We are involved in several projects to advance CCS  
technology, including: 
• Joining several other companies through the Houston 
CCS Alliance in expressing support for the large-scale 
deployment of CCS technology in the Gulf Coast  
industrial area. 
• Performing an initial engineering design study for  
deploying CCS technology at the hydrogen production  
unit at our San Francisco Refinery in Rodeo, California,  
as part of a U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) grant. 
•  Evaluating projects to deploy CCS technology at  
other locations, including the Humber Refinery in  
the United Kingdom.
WEB-EXCLUSIVE VIDEO
Carbon capture and storage overview
USING HYDROGEN IN OPERATIONS AND AS A FUEL 
Hydrogen is an essential component in several petrochemical 
and agricultural applications. It is also an important option for 
hard-to-decarbonize applications within the transportation 
and industrial sectors, such as steel and cement. Hydrogen 
fuel can be produced from 100% renewable energy, including 
hydropower, wind, sun and biomass sources, and it can be used  
to power fuel cell EVs, resulting in CO2-free emissions. 
In 2022, we formed the JET H2 Energy joint venture to develop 
as many as 250 retail hydrogen refueling stations in Germany, 
Austria and Denmark. The partnership leverages the strength  
of our JET® brand, as the network will include existing 
JET-branded retail stations and new locations on major 
transportation routes. Our Coop Mineraloel AG joint venture in Switzerland also operates hydrogen refueling sites. 
Additionally, in California, we are exploring lower-carbon hydrogen production and evaluating a market entry into 
the mobility sector by leveraging our hydrogen experience in Europe.
Phillips 66 is also evaluating ways to increase lower-carbon hydrogen use in our operations. At our Ferndale 
Refinery, we are developing a project to produce zero-carbon green hydrogen via electrolysis to supply our 
operations and decarbonize our fuel production.
23OUR BUSINESSES

Beyond Transportation Fuels
We provide essential products by vertically integrating our refining and petrochemical processes.
Phillips 66 Specialty Solvents is a leader in the manufacturing and marketing of hydrocarbon solvents from 
pentanes and heptanes. Hydrocarbon solvents are used in a variety of applications, including adhesives, aerosols 
and cosmetics.
Our Bayway Refinery in Linden, New Jersey, upgrades refining gas byproducts to make polypropylene resin. 
Polypropylene is recyclable and is used in automotive components, appliances, carpeting, and health care and 
hygiene products.
• Fuel coke.
• Specialty coke.
• Solvents.
• Polypropylene.
• Sulfur.
• Steel.
• Lithium-ion batteries.
• Aluminum.
• Titanium dioxide.
• Specialty graphite products.
WE REFINE AND SELL:
POWERING EVERYDAY LIFE
See a full list of the products we make possible on the Phillips 66 Specialty Products website.
PHILLIPS 66 IS THE PRODUCER AND MARKETER OF  
SPECIFIC GRADES OF PETROLEUM COKE USED TO MANUFACTURE:
REUSABLE  
COFFEE MUG
Plastic made  
from petroleum
COOLER
Polyurethane insulation 
made from petroleum
TENT
Polyethylene-polyester 
laminate made  
from petroleum
FOOD PACKAGING 
Polyvinylidene chloride 
packaging made  
from petroleum
WATER BOTTLE 
Copolyester made  
from petroleum
AT A GLANCE
PAINT 
Acrylic polymer 
emulsion made  
from petroleum
24
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Refining’s Critical Role in the Energy Transition  
Executive Vice President of Refining Rich Harbison has embraced the evolution of the energy 
industry for 35 years and now leads Phillips 66’s portfolio of 12 refineries into the future.   
What’s the future for refineries as renewable and alternative fuels increase and more EVs 
and fuel-efficient vehicles hit the road?   
The energy transition needs all types of energy. We have the physical assets, technology expertise and digital 
advancements to lower our carbon emissions and reliably provide the energy people around the world need. 
We believe that gasoline demand has probably peaked in North America. As demand for diesel and jet fuel 
rises, we may make more of those products and less gasoline, and we’ll still need refineries and highly talented 
employees to do it. We’ll be running refineries for a long, long time, and that’s why our investments in energy 
efficiency and technology to reduce our carbon footprint are important. 
What are some of the ways you’re engineering the refinery  
of the future to help lower emissions?  
Energy performance is part of our daily conversations and decision making at 
Phillips 66, and Refining is harnessing the power of data visualization for more 
accurate and efficient emissions data. We’re gaining new insights into what 
drives the company’s energy intensity index performance through a new 
dashboard. It is aligned with a third-party energy intensity index and 
used across the refining industry to monitor and benchmark energy 
consumption. We’ve set a target to be top-third by 2030. 
We’re also using a new Steam Network Visualization tool, which allows 
us to monitor 14 million pounds per hour of steam across all Phillips 66 
refineries. The steam produced and purchased by Phillips 66 impacts 
our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions. The visualization tool allows 
us to see where losses may occur in the system, address the cause and 
help us optimize produced steam.
Which Phillips 66 projects or operations are leading  
the way?  
In addition to all the work we’re doing around energy efficiency and utilizing 
innovative technologies, our Humber Refinery is one of the most complex refineries  
in Europe. It is tackling decarbonization from multiple angles and is a leader in  
Humber Zero, a regional project to capture up to 8 million tons of carbon dioxide per 
year by 2030. From the feedstocks coming into the refinery to the products going out and 
the processes in between, Humber Refinery is setting the example of what the refinery of 
the future could look like. Our Rodeo Renewed project in the United States is a prime example of how we’re 
advancing renewable fuels and using our existing assets to provide dependable, affordable energy while 
reducing our carbon footprint. 
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS
Rich Harbison
HOUSTON, TX
25OUR BUSINESSES

Refineries produce solutions that power modern life. As new 
industries and opportunities emerge, we are evolving and 
innovating to provide energy in many different forms.”
PAUL FURSEY 
General Manager, Humber Refinery
PRODUCTION OF FUELS FROM WASTE   
Used cooking oil: Humber became the first refinery 
in the U.K. to produce biofuels at scale when we 
started using UCO in our refining processes.
Advanced biofuels: We have the United 
Kingdom’s first at-scale advanced biofuels 
processor. Advanced biofuels are lower-carbon 
fuels made from waste, residues or substances of 
non-biological origins.
Sustainable aviation fuel: Humber is the first 
refinery in the U.K. to produce SAF at scale. We 
are a member of the Department for Transport’s 
Jet Zero Council Delivery Group and support U.K. 
government plans for a future SAF mandate and a 
business model for investing in advanced waste-to-
jet-fuel projects.  
Phillips 66 Limited, a U.K.-based, wholly owned subsidiary of Phillips 66, is evaluating projects and positioning 
our Humber Refinery as a refinery of the future to help meet the U.K. government’s 2050 net-zero ambitions. 
Our vision for Humber Refinery advances these ambitions in four ways:
AT A GLANCE
Innovating the Refinery of the Future
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT26
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
UTILIZING CARBON CAPTURE TO REDUCE CARBON  
INTENSITY OF OUR PROCESSES 
Humber Zero: Humber Refinery sits in the largest GHG-
emitting industrial cluster in the United Kingdom and can 
play a pivotal role in not only reducing its own carbon 
footprint but also that of the wider region. We are part  
of Humber Zero, which is a regional CCS project. 
8 million 
metric tons of CO 2 per year 
expected to be removed through 
Humber Zero by 2030
  90% 
typical decrease in refining life-
cycle emissions versus conventional 
fuels when using waste oil

ENABLING HYDROGEN USE AS FUEL 
Hydrogen fueling stations: We are working toward supplying fuel cell grade hydrogen into  
hard-to-decarbonize elements of the transportation sector, such as heavy goods vehicles.  
SUPPORTING THE EV SUPPLY CHAIN VIA SPECIALTY COKE MANUFACTURING 
Humber Refinery is the only European facility producing battery-grade coke, which is used for a 
critical component for batteries in EVs and consumer electronics. The need is growing. By 2027, 
all U.K.- and EU-produced EVs are required to have at least 55% of the vehicle content by value 
produced domestically.  
Conventional transportation fuels 
Lower-carbon transportation fuels 
Petrochemicals 
Circular plastics
Premium coke           Battery anodes
CCS
Lower-carbon H 2
CO 2
Products
Natural gas 
Renewable power 
Lower-carbon hydrogen
Energy Sources 
Used in Manufacturing
Crude oil 
NGL 
Lower-carbon 
and waste feedstocks
Feedstocks Processed
Reﬁnery
of the 
Future
Our current production of battery-grade coke is equivalent to placing  
1.3 million 
EVs on the road every year
27OUR BUSINESSES

Health, Safety  
and Environment 
28
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Billings Refinery
BILLINGS, MT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

We are determined to be the 
energy industry’s safest and most 
reliable company.
29
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

We integrate our health, occupational 
safety, process safety and environmental 
stewardship principles throughout  
our businesses, with a commitment  
to resiliency and continuous improvement 
that protects our neighbors and  
the environment.  
We operate in a highly regulated industry and comply 
with federal, state and local regulations affecting our 
operations, including those concerning air emissions, 
water effluent and solid waste handling. We strive to 
eliminate environmental events and prevent releases  
of hydrocarbons and chemicals. 
Our Health, Safety and Environment policy defines our 
commitment to protecting our employees, contractors, 
customers and communities while working to achieve 
our goals for growth, returns and distributions. 
Safety and environmental performance are part of our 
compensation structure for executives and employees. 
We measure ourselves against the best performers in 
our industry and target top-quartile performance in 
safety, process safety and environmental stewardship. 
WORKING TOWARD ZERO 
We are determined to be the energy industry’s  
safest and most reliable company. We believe a  
zero-process-safety-incident and zero-injury workplace 
is achievable. We are committed to protecting the 
health and safety of everyone at our worksites and in 
the communities where we operate. Our investments  
in asset maintenance and integrity and our health, 
safety and environment (HSE) policies, programs  
and procedures reflect this priority.
Health, Safety and Environmental  
Management System
Our HSE policy is the foundation for our Health, 
Safety and Environmental Management System 
(HSEMS). The HSEMS creates environmental 
awareness internally and is the basis for consistently 
monitoring our environmental performance and 
helping our operations minimize their impact  
on the environment. 
Our safety culture, programs and people make 
all the difference.
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
Lake Charles Refinery
WESTLAKE, LA
30 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The HSEMS guides our employees, as well as 
contractors and subcontractors. It provides the 
framework to reduce risks and improve performance 
while establishing policies and leadership 
expectations for continuous improvement and 
instilling our core values in every aspect of our 
business. Our focus on operating excellence 
facilitates HSE performance and compliance  
with key standards, procedures and guidelines. 
HSE core values are embedded into our daily 
business activities and are part of our compensation 
programs. All Phillips 66 sites have HSE controls and 
practices, along with HSE employees dedicated to 
operating excellence and risk mitigation. Our Senior 
Vice President of HSE and Field Operations Support 
has direct responsibility for the HSEMS and reports 
directly to our CEO. 
Our rules apply to all business units and are 
often stricter than regulatory requirements. Core 
standards include reporting, incident and near- 
miss investigations, employee engagement, risk 
management, corporate and business unit auditing, 
crisis management and emergency response. Our 
rigorous auditing protocols enable us to assess 
our performance and progress frequently. On-site 
inspections are conducted by third-party auditors 
and Phillips 66 internal auditors trained to recognize 
health and safety, process safety and environmental 
best practices. All deviations are investigated  
and corrected; further details on auditing can  
be found here.
Leadership directs efforts to reduce environmental 
events and increase work practice consistency. Our 
business units have internally audited multiyear 
environmental plans. Our Joint HSE Steering teams 
lead site-level improvement, track and review key 
metrics and develop advancement plans. Those plans 
are shared with corporate leadership and employees 
across the company to highlight best practices. 
Peer reviews of air permits and active environmental 
networks allow subject matter experts in areas such  
as air monitoring, leak detection, waste management 
and water treatment to work across functions. They 
share best practices and lessons learned to drive 
improvement. Business units are also adopting  
this method.
“Our HSEMS features a dynamic Plan-Do-Assess-Adjust approach 
that enables us to proactively manage efforts to drive progress 
toward our goal of zero injuries and zero incidents.” 
TODD DENTON
Senior Vice President, HSE and Field Operations Support 
Todd 
Denton
31
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

Building Our Safety Performance Every Day
Our safety culture, comprehensive HSE policies, management systems and an across-the-board company 
commitment resulted in a TRR of 0.11 in 2022. That’s tied for our best-ever safety performance, and it’s  
30 times better than the 2021 U.S. manufacturing average. Our lost workday case rate was significantly better 
than the 2021 U.S. refining industry average. 
Despite our safety achievements, we must continuously strive for operating excellence. We fell short of our goal 
to send everyone home safely in 2022 and early 2023 with two contractor fatalities. Both incidents were fully 
investigated, and we are using the learnings to further improve safety and support a recently launched program 
focused on contractor performance improvement.  
 
• Record-low three-year average  
TRR of 0.08.  
• Two consecutive years without  
an employee recordable injury. 
• Second-best TRR while working  
a record 8.4 million hours. 
• A 56% reduction in total vehicle  
accidents since 2016. 
• Record-setting year for the lowest 
number of spills (defined as >1 barrel) 
by focusing on pipeline integrity and 
replacement and implementing new 
technologies to run more efficiently, 
reliably and safely.  
MIDSTREAM SAFETY SUCCESSES IN 2022
Protect against falls  
& dropped objects
Operate vehicles & 
industrial equipment 
responsibly
Control hazardous  
energy
Assess & mitigate  
hazards before working
Work in confined  
spaces safely
Verify line-up  
& containment
Perform excavations 
safely 
Follow safe rigging  
& lifting practices
Properly plan & execute 
hot work
Maintain safety  
system protection
To prevent serious injury, our 10 Life Saving Rules 
apply to everyone working at Phillips 66.
AT A GLANCE
10 Life Saving Rules
Our 2022 combined Tier 1 and Tier 2 Process Safety rate  
was 0.13, matching our best-ever performance in 2021.
32
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

INCREASING HUMAN 
AND ORGANIZATIONAL 
PERFORMANCE 
To achieve our goal of zero safety 
incidents, we are creating a 
paradigm shift in our culture, from 
viewing safety as an outcome to 
seeing it as the effectiveness of 
safeguards. We aim to leverage 
human and organizational 
performance (HOP) concepts 
and principles to enhance the 
resiliency of our systems, processes 
and people. HOP is how people 
interact with our operating facilities, 
processes and each other as part 
of a system. We are working on 
designing error-tolerant systems 
for our most critical tasks. By 
understanding these interactions 
and applying HOP principles, we 
believe we can reduce the likelihood 
that errors will lead to events.  
And if an error does occur, we  
can fail safely. 
USING STOP-WORK AUTHORITY 
Everyone working at or visiting 
our sites is empowered — and 
obligated — to stop any work they 
believe poses a risk to themselves, 
the people around them or 
the environment. We train our 
workforce to "stop when unsure." 
Under our policies, no employee  
or contractor will experience 
negative repercussions for using 
their stop-work authority in good 
faith, even if it turns out that there 
wasn’t a hazard. The company’s 
Good Catch program rewards 
employees and contractors who 
speak up when they spot a potential 
safety concern. 
Piloted and deployed electronic 
work permitting, which allows 
sites to complete routine and 
major maintenance projects 
more safely and efficiently, 
brings consistency, reduces 
reliance on personal knowledge, 
improves hazard recognition and 
increases the overall safety of 
the permitted work.  
Launched 10 Life Saving Rules. 
Employees are trained on the 
rules, which are clear, concise 
and apply to all routine and 
critical activities. 
Initiated digitization of more than 
18,000 operating procedures so 
operators can access and execute 
them via mobile devices and 
seamlessly coordinate with control 
room personnel.
Launched Shield Your Future 
training program for new 
employees and contractors. 
It includes case studies 
based on real incidents at 
Phillips 66 and exercises to 
enhance understanding of 
safety protocols. The training is 
used as a refresher course for 
existing employees. 
Implemented energy isolation 
programs, such as Bleeder 
Management and Walk the Line, 
to help prevent open-ended lines 
and line-up errors. 
Incorporated Human Factors 
in Operating Procedures and 
developed best practices for 
procedure writers.
Launched OE Advance, a series 
of videos, case studies and other 
learning materials in support of 
operating excellence.
2016
2019
2017
2018
2020 2021
2022
33
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT
AT A GLANCE
Key Milestones in Operationalizing Human 
and Organizational Performance

Sweeny Refinery Employees Collaborate  
to Create a New Tool to Increase Safety
Russell Thompson and other members of the Sweeny  
Maintenance Safety Team noticed about 20% of injuries at the 
refinery were from an impact to people’s hands or feet, and 
another 10% of injuries were caused by improper ergonomics. 
So he and the Sweeny Refinery Maintenance VPP Area Safety 
Team took action.
The team looked at how employees were removing grating 
from elevated walking surfaces to access pipes, pumps or other 
equipment. Grabbing the grating with their hands and lifting  
was putting their hands and fingers in the direct line of fire for  
a pinch point and was an ergonomic risk for back strains.
The Maintenance Area Safety Team worked with the Hand Safety 
Tool Company, LLC to test prototypes for a touchless grating 
removal tool. The tool is now patent pending and being sold across 
the United States to help people avoid injuries when lifting, carrying 
or moving grating. It also improves ergonomics by reducing the  
need to bend and overreach.
Sweeny employees won the AFPM Innovation Award and they  
demonstrated the GrateIt Tool at the 2022 Safety Days event,  
providing hands-on training to more than 1,000 Phillips 66 
employees and contractors. There is now an employee-
owned campaign at the refinery to find the right tool for 
the job, and if one doesn’t exist, employees know they are 
empowered to seek solutions.
IMPROVING INDUSTRIAL HYGIENE PROGRAMS
Our industrial hygiene program focuses on the long-term health of our employees and contractors. We assess 
potential exposures and look for patterns and data trends that can help us protect our people from chemical and 
physical agents in the workplace. Careful measurement and evaluation of our processes lets us anticipate and manage 
hazards, set goals to ensure a healthy working environment and make changes when we find ways to improve. We 
also work with our contractors to help them strengthen their health protection programs. 
In 2022, we committed to upgrading all remaining refining facilities to a fully networked personal and portable gas 
monitoring system. This investment provides real-time exposure data and deployment is expected to be completed 
across all sites in 2023.
GrateIt Tool demonstration 
at the Sweeny Refinery
OLD OCEAN, TX
34
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Automation Drives HSE 
Improvements 
We’ve seen significant progress in our programs  
to enhance safety and increase resiliency  
by leveraging technology across our businesses.
Wireless Refineries
We are implementing wireless connectivity for smart operations 
monitoring to reduce risk and enhance safety at our refineries.  
In 2022, wireless connectivity was implemented at two additional 
refineries, enabling “connected worker” capabilities with 3,000 
wireless sensors providing near real-time data for predictive 
maintenance of rotating equipment.
ARC: Applications for Refining Competitiveness
In 2022, we rolled out a new process workflow digitization tool 
called Applications for Refining Competitiveness (ARC). The ARC 
tool enables seamless task coordination and execution through 
a mobile interface that alerts employees when action is needed. 
The system has increased efficiency, managing more than 14,000 
process steps simultaneously. It also improves accuracy by 
offering users instructions on how to complete tasks.
Drone Technology 
Our drone program started with a focus on safety and faster emergency response. Now, our more than 60 
trained and qualified drone pilots across our refineries also use drones for everyday tasks like visual and thermal 
inspections of elevated structures, volumetric measurements, and aerial mapping and modeling of sites, making 
inspections quicker and safer. Using drones allows us to monitor assets from a safe distance and at various 
elevations while also allowing pilots to zoom in and take close-up images to identify anomalies.
Asset Performance Management  
Asset Performance Management provides data and analytics to identify and solve reliability issues. With a common 
platform, data can be accessed in minutes, enabling dashboards and metrics that drive actions to prevent failures. 
As a result, we can better prevent unplanned downtime, monitor equipment to optimize utilization, eliminate 
defects and track successes. In 2022, we completed the rollout of the Asset Performance Management program  
to our refineries, enabling consistently reliable processes and programs. 
Billings Refinery
BILLINGS, MT
60+ 
trained and qualified drone pilots across our refineries
14,000 
process steps simultaneously managed by the ARC tool
35HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

Promoting Process Safety
Process safety is about containing hazardous materials to avoid harming people and the environment.  
We follow all 14 elements of the federal Process Safety Management regulation for all our facilities, even  
though the regulation only applies to our U.S.-based refineries, excluding California.
Our active participation in trade associations and benchmarking groups helps us identify process safety 
opportunities for our business while advancing overall industry performance.
 
 
ELIMINATING PROCESS SAFETY EVENTS 
Process safety events (PSEs) are unplanned or uncontrolled releases of hazardous material. We closely monitor 
and measure our performance in this area. Phillips 66 works to eliminate PSEs by applying best practices 
in design, engineering, operations and maintenance. We also perform hazard analyses and use change-
management procedures to mitigate risk. 
In 2022, our Refining business unit had zero energy isolation-
related Tier 1 PSEs, and its overall Tier 1 PSE rate of 0.01 led 
our industry.
Tier 1 and Tier 2 PSEs are defined by the API Recommended Practice 754. Tier 1 PSEs are the most significant 
type of unplanned or uncontrolled release of material from primary containment. Tier 2 events have lesser 
consequences than Tier 1 events but are still important. All Tier 1 and Tier 2 events are investigated to determine 
the underlying causes so we can act to prevent recurrences. Our goal is zero PSEs. 
IDENTIFY AND MANAGE RISKS
• Process hazard analysis.
• Mechanical integrity.
• Emergency planning.
PROVIDE AND MANAGE DATA  
AND INFORMATION
• Process safety information.
• Management of change.
• Trade secrets.
• Training.
• Contractors.
CONTROL WORK
• Pre-startup safety review.
• Safe work practices.
• Operating procedures. 
OVERALL
• Compliance audits.
• Incident investigation.
• Employee participation. 
36
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Increasing Asset Integrity 
Maintaining the integrity of our assets is a crucial HSEMS component. 
All business units have programs and procedures designed to  
ensure proper asset design, fabrication, installation, operation  
and maintenance to minimize risks associated with operations and 
equipment failure. Asset integrity programs include quality assurance 
and quality control, defined inspection and maintenance intervals for 
process equipment, and established company standards. 
These integrity programs and processes are designed to prevent 
unintentional product releases and protect everyone in our facilities  
and in the surrounding communities and the environment. Many of  
our company’s process safety and environmental standards exceed 
industry requirements. 
Reaching New Heights in Mechanical Integrity 
Our Advanced Integrated Mechanical Integrity (AIMI) project 
is a mechanical integrity overhaul that consolidates the 
company’s inspection data into one system focusing 
on early detection of corrosion threats in our 
Refining operations. 
Taking a risk-based approach to systematically 
standardize, validate and digitize our design and 
process information, AIMI reduces lost-profit 
opportunities and improves safety, environmental 
and turnaround performance. 
With hundreds of miles of piping in each of our 
refineries, AIMI gives us easy access to information 
on when each piece of pipe was built, what it is 
made of, what is flowing through it and the range of 
operating temperature. It also improves inspection 
planning with leading-edge software and analytical 
tools, communicating across operating groups, 
improving access to information, linking corrosion threats 
to specific equipment and facilitating cross-site sharing of 
findings so we can determine which inspections are the most 
important and identify which areas of the plant to focus on first.
Ponca City Refinery
PONCA CITY, OK
Ferndale Refinery
FERNDALE, WA
37
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

FOCUSING ON PIPELINE INTEGRITY 
Phillips 66’s liquid pipelines move crude oil and NGLs to our operating assets and take the NGLs, gasoline,  
diesel and jet fuel we produce to market. 
Our approach to pipeline safety is rooted in preventing product releases, staying ahead of maintenance 
requirements and emergency preparedness. Elements of these programs include exacting design and 
construction standards, 24/7 remote-line monitoring, leak detection, community education programs,  
training and strong relationships with emergency response teams across our asset footprint. 
Our pipeline control center staff in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, continuously monitors each pipeline’s operations  
and pressure. At the first sign of a pressure change that could indicate a leak, an employee will shut down  
the pipeline as a precautionary measure until the matter is understood and resolved.
Pipeline control center
BARTLESVILLE, OK
38 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
AT A GLANCE
Pipeline Integrity Successes 
3+ 
years with zero significant  
releases or safety events on  
Phillips 66 pipelines
3.5
years since the last pipeline 
mechanical integrity-related 
spill >100 BBLs
3 
consecutive years (2020-2022)  
of total spill volume <500 BBLs  
per year
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Pipeline Integrity Programs 
Phillips 66’s pipeline integrity programs focus on three aspects of safe operations. 
PRESSURE CYCLE MONITORING TOOLS AND PROCESS 
We’re enhancing data integration and creating industry-leading tools to capture pipeline system data and 
generate solutions. The new processes uncovered many “Good Catches,” improved our overall leak performance 
and reduced pressure cycles by up to 90% on some systems. It also drives efficiencies through reduced 
inspection and maintenance requirements. 
CONTINUED ADVANCED INSPECTIONS 
We have improved facility integrity programs by completing 16 comprehensive aboveground assessments  
and setting targets for implementing them at all facilities. These advanced inspections use a combination  
of guided wave testing and other ultrasonic inspection techniques to identify corrosion threats earlier than older 
inspection methods. 
REPLACING HIGHER-RISK PIPE  
In addition, we replaced approximately 130 miles of existing legacy pipelines, reducing risk and environmental 
impact to high-consequence areas. Our pipeline risk model prioritizes preventative and mitigative measures 
on our pipeline systems, which allows the risk management team to achieve an in-depth risk assessment and 
promote awareness across the organization.
Clemens to Gregory Pipeline 
REFUGIO, TX
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT 39

IMPROVING TESTING AND INSPECTIONS 
We are improving the integrity testing of pipelines 
and using data analytics to identify potential seam 
cracks. We apply our technical resources and know-
how through joint studies with the Pipeline Research 
Council International, Joint Industry Partnership and 
various committees within API and the Association 
for Materials Protection and Performance. 
We also have an industry-leading maintenance 
program that uses smart pipeline inspection gauges, 
known as “pigs,” which travel through the pipelines 
and send back images, enabling us to inspect and 
assess the interior and identify maintenance needs. 
For smaller-diameter pipelines, where traditional 
pigging technology will not work, we are piloting a 
new technology that will fit inside to gather data.
Existing pipeline rights-of-way are visually inspected 
biweekly. In some areas, we also inspect via regular 
aerial pipeline patrols to look for potential signs 
of leaks and other pipeline integrity threats, such 
as unauthorized digging or exposures. We have 
implemented state-of-the-art leak detection 
technology and real-time transient modeling  
on all our operated pipelines. 
99.999%
of the time, pipelines deliver products safely, 
and they are one of the safest ways to 
transport the energy we use every day*
We use technology to enhance operational 
efficiencies and advance internal capabilities to 
improve effectiveness, safety and productivity by 
pairing with leading satellite technology providers 
to enhance risk detection along our pipeline 
rights-of-way. Satellite sensor data and innovative 
processing algorithms provide scientific analysis and 
alerts to potential environmental changes around 
our pipelines.
We also partnered with a trusted autonomous aircraft 
systems provider to develop a drone-based solution 
for completing secondary seal inspections on our 
large portfolio of external floating roof tanks. This 
approach removes the need for personnel to climb 
tanks or complete a potential confined space entry, 
and it produces a document of record. 
PERFORMING AUDITS  
There are hundreds of audits each year across our 
operations. Our facilities are subject to rigorous internal, 
industry and external audits and inspections, and our 
operations are managed to support compliance and 
asset integrity. External auditing agencies include 
OSHA, the EPA, the U.S. Coast Guard, the Pipeline 
and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, the 
Chemical Safety Board and the U.K. Health and Safety 
Executive Environmental Agency. 
At a corporate level, we schedule and perform internal 
audits of our operated businesses on a predetermined 
three- or six-year cycle as mandated by regulatory 
requirements and HSE risk. Joint ventures, partnerships 
and contractors are included in the auditing process. 
Additionally, refinery operating excellence audits, 
insurance risk assessments, trade association 
assessments and third-party safety audits happen  
each year.  
Independent company and contractor subject matter 
experts conduct internal audits to evaluate all aspects  
of HSE and operating excellence practices. 
Individual operating businesses are required to conduct 
self-audits to confirm compliance with internal and 
external HSE standards. Audits are documented 
and include a process for communicating results to 
management. Timely closure of corrective actions is 
monitored through an industry-recognized compliance 
verification process, which requires business leaders, 
from the operating to the executive level, to review  
and acknowledge outstanding items and timelines.  
We are also involved in numerous industry 
improvement and standard-setting committees of  
the API, AFPM and the Association of Oil Pipelines. 
OSHA’S Voluntary Protection Program 
Across our Refining, Midstream and Lubricants assets, 
29 facilities have OSHA Voluntary Protection Program 
(VPP) Star recognition. Six contractor companies at 
our sites also participate in VPP. The STAR recognition 
is OSHA’s highest workplace honor. Each site must 
complete self-evaluations yearly and undergo an OSHA 
site inspection every three to five years to maintain its 
STAR status. 
*As reported by API’s 2023-2025 Pipeline Excellence Strategic Plan and 2022 
Performance Report
40
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Wood River Refinery
ROXANA, IL
Several of our facilities have additional certifications and systems that demonstrate our ability 
to consistently provide products and services that meet customer and regulatory standards. 
We are proud of our product quality management systems and our efforts to prevent loss.
OBTAINING ISO CERTIFICATIONS  
Our facilities follow Phillips 66 quality management systems, and many are certified to International Organization 
for Standardization (ISO) measures. Some customers require this certification of our polypropylene products  
and lubricants. 
Our Lubricants business conforms to the ISO 14001:2015 Environmental Management 
System. Five of our Lubricants facilities have certification to ISO 14001 and the ISO 
9001:2015/IATF 16949:2016 Quality Management System Standard. Lubricants 
Research and Development is accredited to the ISO/IEC 17025 standard for 
testing and calibration laboratories. 
Wood River Refinery’s odorless mineral spirits and benzene  
business lines in Roxana, Illinois, conform to ISO 9001:2015  
Quality Management System Standards. 
In the United Kingdom, the Humber Refinery is certified to 
ISO 14001:2015.
Bayway Refinery’s polypropylene business in Linden, New Jersey, is 
certified to ISO 9001:2015 for the designing and manufacturing of 
plastic pellets.
KEEPING PLASTIC PELLETS CONTAINED  
We have numerous practices for containing and mitigating loss at 
Bayway Refinery. Pellets are piped to an on-site storage silo, creating 
a closed system. From there, the product is blended and fed into rail 
cars for transportation to customers. We inspect rail cars for operable and 
closed caps and valves. Environmental performance includes collecting scrap 
and vacuuming sumps to recycle pellets, preventing loss. We are prepared with 
booms and vacuum trucks should a spill occur. 
Our Bayway facility management and employees are committed to Operation Clean 
Sweep and support the goal of zero pellet loss. We have also implemented a rail car 
return policy to help eliminate the possibility of pellets entering the environment due  
to unsealed or improperly sealed rail cars returning from our customers. 
Product Compliance and Responsibility
41
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

PREPARING FOR EMERGENCIES  
We routinely prepare to respond to emergencies 
and work with federal, state and local agencies that 
have jurisdiction and authority over our emergency 
response efforts. Our tiered Emergency Response 
Management System provides a model for building 
and maintaining crisis management and emergency 
response capabilities and plans. Our emergency 
response teams protect lives and secure the area  
in an emergency.
Every facility has a local Tier 1 response team that 
utilizes emergency response plans with processes  
for identifying potential emergencies and planning 
for mitigation and control. These plans are  
reviewed annually. 
Local Tier 1 response teams can draw support from 
Tier 2 and 3 response teams, which our Corporate 
Crisis Management and Emergency Response Team 
oversees. These additional layers of support are 
available upon request or when incident criteria 
triggers are reached. We maintain a Global Incident 
Management Assist team to staff Tier 2 and 3 
responses and ensure all team members are skilled, 
qualified and available by conducting regular training 
and drills. Tier 2 and 3 team members maintain the 
tools and systems needed to facilitate the rapid 
deployment of resources to support local Tier 1 
Incident Management teams.
Each year, we hold emergency response drills that 
prepare our company and community responders  
for various realistic scenarios. 
In 2022, we collaborated with Texas A&M Engineering 
Extension Services to offer specialized industrial 
emergency training and scholarships to 80 of our 
community firefighters. We stand together on the 
front lines and recognize the importance of helping 
to train our fellow firefighters. We are committed 
to being responsible, good neighbors in the 
communities where we operate and supporting  
our first responders.
Additionally, we invite tribal representatives to 
participate in drills and training sessions held at 
our operations near Native American communities. 
Sharing these resources makes our communities safer 
and keeps lines of communication open. 
Each business unit also completes multiple 
notification accountability drills for emergencies  
and one tabletop exercise every year. 
In addition, we hold dozens of exercises for other 
scenarios, including the following: 
• Process safety management.
• Risk management fire or vapor cloud scenarios. 
• Supervisory control and data acquisition failure  
exercises at least twice a year.
• Responses to real-world events, such as  
earthquakes and hurricanes.
• Government-initiated unannounced exercises. 
• Continuity of business or pandemic exercises.
If operations are interrupted, we enact business 
continuity plans to keep employees safe and  
so our operating assets can safely resume 
manufacturing and transporting energy products  
to markets worldwide. 
WORKING TOGETHER TO KEEP COMMUNITIES SAFE
A new 14-acre fire field in Sweeny, Texas, helps Phillips 66 fire and rescue train with local fire 
departments and teams from CPChem. The city of Sweeny gifted the land to the Sweeny Fire Fighters 
Association, and the facility includes a classroom, an indoor training facility, a three-story burn building 
and other facilities to test real-life scenarios.
42
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

FACILITATING SAFETY MEETINGS,  
SUMMITS AND TRAINING 
Each of our sites conducts a monthly safety committee 
meeting where employees, managers and union 
representatives review goals and safety practices. 
They audit results and work together to keep an 
open dialogue focused on continuous improvement. 
In addition to providing continuing education 
opportunities, these meetings enable knowledge 
sharing from experts, such as industrial hygienists, safety 
specialists and process safety representatives. We also 
have frequent meetings within our field staff groups  
and perform job safety analyses for each field job. 
We periodically host large-scale company training 
summits, gathering people from health and safety 
committees throughout the company to share 
best practices, goals and performance milestones. 
Attendees gain new techniques, skills and knowledge 
they can implement at their home facility. The 
summits also encourage union leaders and Phillips 66 
management to maintain an open dialogue and speak 
with a unified voice about safety. 
We also hold periodic contractor safety summits with 
all our major contracting companies to set expectations 
and goals, share best practices and keep lines of 
communication open. Each Midstream region holds 
a regional contractor summit with its primary and 
secondary contractors. 
Employee Safety Training
We are piloting a new hazard recognition training that 
brings the asset to the classroom virtually for real-time 
training, allowing contractors and employees to see  
the entire environment from a different perspective  
and recognize all the potential hazards around them.  
At the Lake Charles Manufacturing Complex,  
a behavior-based safety process known as Changing 
Awareness Produces Safety has been enhancing safety 
performance for 26 years. The Sweeny Refinery’s 
hands-on safety training experience for employees and 
contractors focuses on improving understanding of our 
10 Life Saving Rules and Sweeny’s safe work practices. 
Safety teams join operations and maintenance 
personnel to bring their front-line perspective and train 
people in groups of 50 over a five-week period. 
Contractor Safety Training
We involve our contract companies in planning work 
to be performed to maintain safe practices. Regular  
 
communication at all  
levels is foundational  
to achieving our  
mutual goals. 
We are developing an 
enhanced contractor 
onboarding program 
and supervisor 
leadership training 
for Phillips 66 and 
contractors leveraging 
the Health & Area Safety 
Council. This includes using 
the latest research in adult 
learning and training for our 10 
Life Saving Rules, Shield Your Future, 
Leadership Training and Phillips 66 
safety culture. Many of our sites 
also have established Contractor 
Safety Alliances that include safety 
professionals, front-line supervisors 
and leadership from Phillips 66 and each of our 
contract companies and business trades, all of whom 
meet regularly to discuss safety issues, performance 
and lessons learned. 
We also have contractor-to-contractor audits to 
support smaller contract companies. The audit teams 
include Phillips 66 employees and several contract 
company leaders that reach out to workers and address 
barriers to safe work.
TRANSITIONING TO  
FLUORINE-FREE FIRE FOAMS
Phillips 66 has been researching firefighting 
technologies to find an alternative to 
perfluoroalkyl and polyfluoroalkyl substances, 
also known as PFAS-containing firefighting 
foams. Since 2019, the company has collaborated 
with industry peers and has invested in 14 
different fire test studies, each including multiple 
burns, to assess emerging alternatives. In 2022, 
we made a recommendation and created a 
procurement strategy to replace our existing 
firefighting foams.
Firefighter training  
at TEEX Brayton Fire 
Training Field
COLLEGE STATION, TX
43HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

Progressing Our Environmental Performance
We are committed to environmental stewardship. We honor that commitment by creating operational 
efficiencies and cleaner processes and investments in nature conservation and biodiversity.
REDUCING AIR EMISSIONS 
Over the past 10 years, we have made significant investments in reducing air emissions. Since 2018, we have 
reduced our criteria air pollutants (nitrogen and sulfur oxides, particulate matter and volatile organic compounds) 
by 27% across our assets. For example:
• At our Wood River Refinery, we installed selective catalytic reduction units on two hydrogen plants, with an 
87% decrease in nitrogen oxides expected from these two units annually.  
• We improved winterization protocols on critical instrumentation at 50% of our refineries, mitigating potential 
environmental impacts during cold weather events.
See our air emissions since 2018 in the Performance Data section.
MANAGING WATER USE 
Access to water, maintaining its quality and using it efficiently are critical elements in energy production.  
Water is essential in our manufacturing facilities and processes, and we manage it responsibly. All  
our Refining assets have on-site wastewater treatment systems and oil recovery units.  
These units separate reusable water from oil streams, reducing freshwater use and 
improving discharged water quality, which supports local water municipalities  
by reducing the amount of water to be treated.
Many of these units use available brackish, saltwater or non-freshwater 
resources and implement industrial reuse processes, reducing the 
demand for freshwater. We operate 12 biological treatment plants and 
14 pre-treatment facilities in North America and the United Kingdom.  
Our ERI organization researches and develops best practices for 
water use to maintain sufficient water resources well into the 
future. We are entering our second year as the industry partner 
with Georgia Tech on a DOE-funded project to evaluate the 
design of a new membrane for use in treating desalter brine. 
This would allow us to recycle and reuse the oil and water in our 
system, reducing reliance on freshwater and minimizing waste 
streams from our facilities.
To meet and exceed the strict requirements of the National 
Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) and industrial 
pre-treatment permits, we have improved our water management 
procedures, setting higher environmental performance standards, 
minimizing plant upsets and reducing chemical use and waste 
generation. We have developed leading key performance indicators  
as part of our water use efficiency program, including condensate  
returned to steam production and condensate recovered versus  
consumed in the process. 
44
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Bayway Refinery
LINDEN, NJ
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Wastewater
We regularly engage with wastewater trade associations like the Water Environment Federation, working  
with our peers to develop and share best practices. Our wastewater experts have volunteered their time to  
peer-review articles published in Environmental Engineering Science, a journal covering climate change,  
energy and environment, contaminant fate and transport, and environmentally friendly technologies.  
Water is essential in our manufacturing facilities  
and processes, and we manage it responsibly.
Remediated and Recycled Water
Our Remediation Management team is responsible for treating water that 
may have been contaminated. In 2022, the team treated approximately 
50 million barrels of water, and we recycled 94% of the treated water 
for reuse at our facilities, primarily in our cooling towers, reducing 
the amount of freshwater needed to operate.
In-House Water Testing
Our fish bioassay lab in Rodeo, California, conducts a toxicity 
test on water discharged from the San Francisco Refinery 
into San Pablo Bay. The test is a requirement of the refinery’s 
NPDES permit, and results are reported to the California Regional 
Water Quality Control Board and EPA. The bioassay lab can also 
proactively determine the potential toxicity of feedstocks 
or chemicals brought onsite prior to usage.  
Bioreactor Bugs 
The water used in processing crude oil must be cleaned to 
remove nitrates before it is discharged. Left untreated, 
nitrates can encourage excess algae growth that 
damages rivers and streams. 
The ERI organization and the Humber Refinery discovered a novel method 
using bioreactor bugs that, in low-oxygen conditions, break down nitrates 
into nitrogen gas, which is safely dissipated into the atmosphere. This 
method has helped our Humber Refinery decrease its total nitrogen 
output by more than half, allowing us to meet environmental requirements 
and realize additional utility cost savings on oxygen and fresh caustic  
usage versus the alternative. We are evaluating additional sites to deploy  
the bioreactor bugs. 
Reducing Freshwater Use
We are committed to reducing freshwater withdrawals at our facilities. Understanding the local 
water demand and the potential for water scarcity are key considerations as we prioritize projects to 
improve efficiency and decrease our environmental footprint. At our Houston Headquarters, we collect 
and reuse rainwater, and several of our refineries have processes to meet their unique needs. 
For example:
• At our Bayway Refinery, we invested in infrastructure to use stormwater runoff from nearby 
community streets in our operating units and water treatment plants in lieu of potable water.
• At our Ponca City Refinery, we invested in projects to recover and reuse more than 68 million  
gallons of condensate and other water sources that would typically be discharged to waste. 
45
Fish bioassay lab at   
San Francisco Refinery
RODEO, CA
45HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT

MANAGING WASTE AND RECYCLING 
Phillips 66 has implemented waste management programs at our facilities 
to handle waste materials from creation to final disposition in a way that 
protects human health and the environment. The Phillips 66 Waste 
Network pursues standardization across our assets by establishing best 
practices and procedures for compliance programs and evaluation of 
waste facilities and vendors. Phillips 66 also has a systematic hazardous 
waste program, with processes and practices executed by trained 
personnel. Since 2019, we have recycled more than 75% of our hazardous 
waste, keeping it out of landfills.  
Additionally, our processes are designed to track every raw material used  
in the manufacturing process at our Lubricants plants. 
930 
tons of scrap material, including cardboard, bottles, cans, pallets  
and shrink wrap recycled at our Lubricants plants in 2022
Tanks at our refineries and terminals require periodic cleanouts, and we dispose of the residual product in 
compliance with strict environmental laws.
Recycled and Rejuvenated Catalyst
The refining industry uses large quantities 
of catalysts to purify and upgrade various 
products. Over time, the catalysts will 
deactivate and require replacement. 
We established a standardized program and approach 
to expanding the use of rejuvenated catalyst, which is 
a recycled catalyst that still meets performance and 
safety standards. 
The implementation of rejuvenated catalyst, catalyst 
resale and recycle programs will help lessen waste 
streams sent to landfills, reduce GHG emissions and 
support a more circular supply chain. In 2022, we  
sent more than 13 million pounds of catalyst to  
the cement industry as feedstock, and more than 
13.5 million pounds of catalyst were reused by other 
manufacturing facilities.
1 million 
gallons of waste-derived fuel for manufacturing 
processes generated from our tank cleanout 
methods in 2022
200,000 
gallons of water conserved from our tank cleanout  
methods in 2022
1 million 
pounds of rejuvenated catalyst were used in our hydroprocessing reactors in 2022
46 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT46
Gulf Coast Lubricants plant
SULPHUR, LA
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

SUPPORTING BIODIVERSITY AND CONSERVATION  
Our environmental stewardship efforts go beyond many regulatory requirements and focus 
on connecting conservation efforts to our business and managing natural capital in and 
around the communities where we work and market our products. Natural capital 
encompasses the supply of the world’s natural resources from which economic 
value and benefits can be derived, such as forests, oceans and freshwater, along 
with the biodiversity that supports these ecosystems. Careful management of 
natural capital is a core component of a resilient, long-term strategy. 
We collaborate with national and local environmental and conservation 
organizations to promote biodiversity and environmental stewardship and 
support their efforts by donating money and resources. Our employees and 
interns volunteer their time and make monetary contributions, which the 
company often matches. Phillips 66 has long-standing partnerships with many 
national conservation organizations, including the National Fish and Wildlife 
Foundation, Ducks Unlimited, Trees For Houston and the Wildlife Habitat Council. 
Project Planning
We view the management of natural capital and biodiversity risks as essential, and 
following our project management policies, we address these throughout the planning 
and development stages. To identify potential impacts and prepare environmental permits, 
mitigation plans and monitoring programs, we conduct environmental impact analyses by 
leveraging several sources and tools, including: 
• The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services Information  
for Planning and Conservation tool.  
• State-listed threatened and endangered species. 
• National Land Cover Database.
• National Wetland Inventory mapping.
We coordinate and engage with many agencies, such as the EPA, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the  
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and state and local regulatory agencies. We utilize existing pipeline corridors 
where feasible and use advanced construction techniques, such as horizontal directional drilling, to minimize 
the impact on the environment, local communities, wildlife and natural resources.
• Natural Resources Conservation Service soil 
survey mapping and hydric soils lists.
• U.S. Geological Survey topographic mapping.
• National Register of Historic Places.
• EPA Environmental Justice (EJ) Screen Tool.
2,000+ 
pounds per week of green 
waste added to our composting 
program in 2022
23% 
of our waste diverted from 
landfills in 2022
47
ARROWS OF IMPACT   
Our Arrows of Impact program reduces waste at our Houston 
Headquarters by making recycling more convenient and educating 
employees on what and how to recycle. 
47HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT
Heartlands Conservancy 
volunteer project
SWANSEA, IL
Recyclable container 
at headquarters
HOUSTON, TX

Key partners include: 
• Tri-State Bird Rescue and Research. 
• The Wildlife Center of Texas. 
• International Bird Rescue. 
• Heartlands Conservancy Project.
• East Matagorda Bay Wetlands Project.
• Treehouse Wildlife Center. 
REMEDIATION IN CALIFORNIA 
Phillips 66 collaborated with the U.S. Fish and 
Wildlife Service, the Army Corps of Engineers, the 
California Water Quality Control Board and the 
California Department of Fish and Wildlife Services, 
to support the creation of the new Thurgood 
Marshall Regional Park. 
WILD WEST REHABILITATION CENTER IN THE TEXAS PANHANDLE 
Phillips 66 donated funding to the Wild West Wildlife Rehabilitation 
Center (WWWRC) to construct the first-ever Wildlife Education 
Facility in the Texas Panhandle. Each year, WWWRC helps more than 
3,000 orphaned and injured creatures across 26 counties. 
3,000 
acres of estuaries and habitats enhanced in 2022 by our collaboration with key national conservation 
organizations and partners, benefiting thousands of species of birds, reptiles and amphibians and butterflies
1.85 
acres of restored land to the East Bay Regional Park District in California, funded by Phillips 66
1,800 
square feet added to the 
WWWRC’s rehabilitation capacity 
due to our funding of the 
new facility
HABITATS FOR MONARCH BUTTERFLIES 
Our Midstream business now has a Certificate of 
Inclusion into the Monarch Butterfly Candidate 
Conservation Agreement with Assurances. As part 
of this program, we maintain more than 11,000 miles 
of our rights-of-way in a manner that enhances 
the habitat for butterflies. This includes care and 
management practices such as conservation mowing, 
idle lands, woody vegetation removal, targeted 
herbicide application and limiting broadcast  
herbicides to high-activity areas like terminals  
and valve sites. 
48
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
AT A GLANCE
Protecting Wildlife in Our Communities
Wild West Wildlife  
Rehabilitation Center
AMARILLO, TX
Thurgood Marshall 
Regional Park
CONCORD, CA
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

TWO RIVERS NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE
In Brussels, Illinois, near Phillips 66’s Wood River 
facility, Ducks Unlimited, in partnership with the U.S. 
Fish and Wildlife Service’s Two Rivers National Wildlife 
Refuge, is working to restore and enhance more than 
320 acres of floodplain wetlands. 
NEW HABITAT FOR FINFISH IN LOUISIANA   
The Phillips 66 Lake Charles Manufacturing Complex teamed up with the Coastal 
Conservation Association, the Louisiana Department of Wildlife and others  
to construct the Finfish II artificial reef in Louisiana’s Calcasieu Lake. 
Crushed concrete was placed in a design to optimize bottom contours and water 
conditions. A diverse range of species can make a home in the reef, including 
oysters, which have experienced a decline in population in the lake in recent years.  
1,500 
tons of recycled crushed concrete deployed over 3 acres to create the Finfish II 
artificial reef next to the original Finfish reef
250 
species of waterfowl, wading birds and songbirds 
will benefit from the improvements near our Wood 
River Refinery
SUTTON AVIAN RESEARCH CENTER
Phillips 66 has worked with the Sutton Center to 
conduct intensive, conservation-oriented, ecological 
field research on declining grassland birds, developing 
and applying techniques for reintroducing and 
monitoring southern bald eagles, managing the 
successful captive breeding of endangered species  
and performing bird surveys in Oklahoma and around 
the world. In 2022, grant funding from Phillips 66  
was instrumental in the success of Sutton’s Attwater  
prairie chicken captive breeding program. 
49
HEALTH, SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENT
For more details on environmental data, see the Performance Data section.  
Sutton Avian 
Research Center
BARTLESVILLE, OK

Stakeholder  
Engagement
50
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Boys and Girls Club of  
Lummi Nation grand opening
BELLINGHAM, WA
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

We demonstrate our values through 
actions, by being a good neighbor and by 
promoting respect for human rights.
51
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Social responsibility is one of our sustainability pillars. Our commitment relies  
on stakeholder engagement, and our approach is based on mutual respect. 
We believe that an engaged workforce and strong stakeholder ties support the resiliency of our businesses  
and our communities.
Stakeholder Engagement
We demonstrate our values through actions, by being a good neighbor 
and by promoting respect for human rights. We conduct our operations in 
compliance with applicable laws, including environmental laws, regulations 
and policies. 
In alignment with the EPA’s definition of environmental justice, we believe 
in the fair treatment and meaningful involvement of all people regardless of race, color, national origin or income. 
We also reviewed the World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA) assessment and methodology on just transition, 
and Phillips 66 is directionally aligned with the WBA social dialogue and planning transition indicators. We will 
monitor and participate in the development of these frameworks as they evolve and relate to our businesses. 
One example of our approach to a just transition for employees, labor unions, government and communities is 
reflected in the Rodeo Renewed project and how it was handled with all stakeholders in mind. 
AT A GLANCE 
Our Stakeholders
Engaging Our Employees
We know a sense of belonging drives employee engagement, and we offer our people a place to thrive 
as part of a high-performing workforce. Our employee engagement programs include town halls, surveys, 
focus groups, one-on-one coaching conversations, an intranet and mobile app and more. Our Human Capital 
Management Report offers an in-depth look at the programs and policies that support our employees and 
strengthen our culture. 
WEB-EXCLUSIVE
Environmental justice  
in action: Engaging  
our stakeholders in 
Rodeo, California
52
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT52
Our processes are designed to provide a proactive, respectful and responsive approach to engaging with 
our stakeholders, including:
Employees Customers Indigenous peoples
Contractors Suppliers Legislators
Shareholders Communities where 
we operate Energy consumers
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

AT A GLANCE 
Human Capital Management Report Highlights
10 
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) promote diverse 
perspectives and raise awareness around identity 
and belonging
$179,184 
in total compensation and benefits for our 
median employee
34% 
of U.S. workforce represented by a labor union
45 hours 
invested in training per employee, per year  
on average
Best Places to Work 
for LGBTQ+ Equality by the Human Rights Campaign 
Foundation in 2022
We aim to attract and retain top talent. 
We work together with unions and works councils 
to achieve a high-performing organization and 
operating excellence.
We offer a choice of three flexible 
work schedules for non-represented 
U.S. exempt employees.
Our benefits programs are  
designed to support our  
employees’ total well-being.
93%
retention of high 
performers
67%
of interns become  
full-time hires
53
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
See the full report on the About Us section of our website. 
Safety meeting at Borger Refinery
BORGER, TX

Involving External Stakeholders
We cast wide nets to identify ESG trends and issues that may be important to our stakeholders. We tap into 
various sources inside and outside our sector, across countries and political views, and gather physical, policy, 
human capital, reputational risk and opportunities-related information.
We routinely acquire additional information about stakeholder interests from customer conversations, in-person 
interviews and surveys. Data comes from investors, service companies, consultants, industry bodies, research 
firms and analyst reports. We also rely on sources such as governmental databases, environmental and social 
nongovernmental organizations, global policy bodies, ratings agencies and indices, community advisory boards, 
and scorers and activists in ESG areas.
We translate our data into action by enhancing our sustainability practices in response to stakeholder feedback, 
and we build resilience by developing trust and collaborating on key issues.
ENGAGING SHAREHOLDERS AND OTHER CAPITAL MARKET STAKEHOLDERS
Phillips 66 maintains a year-round shareholder engagement program to listen to investor perspectives on our 
business strategy, executive compensation program and ESG matters. Our engagement program aims to identify 
and understand shareholder concerns and demonstrate responsiveness to their feedback.
Phillips 66 held its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 10, 2023. Shareholders representing more 
than 87% of our shares outstanding participated, in person or by proxy. As a result of successful shareholder 
engagement, the voting results were generally in favor of company positions and reported on a Form 8-K filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 12, 2023, and publicly available here. 
AT A GLANCE
2022 Shareholder Engagement by the Numbers 
57% 
of shares outstanding contacted
47% 
of shares outstanding engaged
Power Ahead marketing conference
LAS VEGAS, NV
54 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

WORKING WITH CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS 
Our customers distribute the products we make to consumers and businesses. We 
market refined petroleum and renewable fuels through wholesale and joint venture 
outlets under the Phillips 66®, Conoco®, 76®, JET® and Coop brands, primarily in the 
United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Austria and Switzerland. 
We work with our customers and suppliers on sustainability issues that are 
important to them. For example, in response to customer feedback, we are 
developing a methodology to determine the carbon intensity of the products 
we produce at select facilities to support consistency and comparability when 
evaluating life-cycle analysis impacts.
We work with our customers and suppliers on 
sustainability issues that are important to them.
Supporting Our Customers to Create Positive Impact
The Phillps 66 brands stand at the intersection of business, community and the environment to 
provide premium products. 
Our company and our customers strive to be trusted partners and assume responsibility for strengthening the 
communities where we operate. Phillips 66, Conoco and 76 branded customers are elevating their businesses  
and communities through action and innovation. It is a privilege to assist them in bolstering awareness, engaging 
on a local level and building goodwill.
GREAT WESTERN PETROLEUM – DENVER, COLORADO
Great Western Petroleum has been a customer for more than 40 years. It supports local food banks, schools 
and college athletics, the YMCA, special needs programs and numerous local fundraisers. Under our Conoco 
and 76 brands, Great Western Petroleum always aims to demonstrate best practices and help its peers grow 
and build loyalty while focusing on community.
CARPINTERIA CAR CARE – CARPINTERIA, CALIFORNIA 
Carpinteria Car Care has been branded with 76 for more than four decades. A fervent believer in serving the 
community, it supports many local groups, including the Future Farmers of America and The Rhythmic Arts 
Project, which helps people with intellectual and developmental disabilities. 
TOWN PUMP CONVENIENCE STORES – BUTTE, MONTANA 
Town Pump has been a long-time Conoco marketer, proudly giving back to communities across Montana. Its 
charitable foundation runs an annual Meals for Backpacks campaign to provide meals for thousands of children 
at risk of hunger. In 2022, Town Pump generated more than $450,000 in consumer donations and distributed 
more than $1 million in matching grants to more than 100 food banks.
76 branded station
PLEASANT HILL, CA
55
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
For more information on how we work with suppliers, see the Governance section.

BUILDING STRONG AND  
RESILIENT COMMUNITIES 
Building local capacity for resilience and emergency 
preparedness is part of our commitment to our values, 
human rights, environmental protection and rapid 
response. We participate in community safety and 
preparedness programs and proactively support local 
police, fire and emergency management personnel to 
bolster their resources and provide training support. 
We promote open communication with the 
communities surrounding our facilities and regularly 
discuss safety concerns, feedback and grievances. 
Communication channels include community 
awareness, education and listening panels, social 
media and community hotlines. 
Our refineries have long-standing Community Advisory Councils or Panels (CACs or CAPs) that represent a 
cooperative and empowering collaborative environment. CACs and CAPs include volunteer community members 
who meet regularly to discuss topics of mutual interest in an honest dialogue with site management. Topics 
include site safety and operating performance, special educational topics, planned maintenance activities that 
may impact or increase traffic, community outreach programs and volunteering opportunities. The goal is to 
provide communities with an open, actionable forum where questions or concerns can be voiced and heard.
PHILLIPS 66  
COMMUNITY RESOURCES
811 Call Before You Dig
Midstream Community Relations hotline 
832-765-3887 
24-hour refinery hotlines
Sustainability team email  
rscsustainability@p66.com
56 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Monthly CAP meeting 
at Wood River Refinery
ROXANA, IL
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Creating Community Connections  
and Broadening Perspectives 
Phillips 66’s Wood River Refinery is in David Watts’ hometown of Roxana, Illinois. His dad was a 
union carpenter who worked for a contractor at the refinery for more than 20 years. Now, David 
works as a seventh-grade science teacher in the school district he attended as a kid, and serving 
on the Wood River Refinery’s Community Advisory Panel is one way he gives back.   
You joined the CAP about three years ago. What made you want to get involved?   
I am super involved in the community: I coach track, I’m the chair of the American Cancer Society Relay for 
Life in our region, and I’m on the local school board. A fellow educator friend nominated me to be on the CAP 
in 2019, and I was hesitant because I wasn’t sure if I had time for another commitment. But after attending the 
first meeting, I loved learning about the refinery. I already knew about the economic benefits it brought to the 
community, but as a science educator, I wanted to know more about the operations. I teach a whole unit on 
sustainable and non-renewable energy, and being on the CAP is a great way to extend my knowledge and better 
educate my students.   
I love taking tours and learning about all the equipment. I’ve learned that the refinery has a drone inspection 
program and its own water treatment system that the EPA regulates. When I learn new information, I share it 
with others, and it’s that follow-up part with the community that I really enjoy.
How have you seen Phillips 66 demonstrate partnership  
with the community?  
I can see the refinery’s coker unit from my classroom window and the 
storage tanks from the football field and track. I teach in a very good 
school and school district, but it wouldn’t be that way without the 
property tax money we get from the refinery. 
Being on the CAP helps me see different sides. I can help  
advocate for the community based on needs that I know about 
and lobby for how the refinery can help meet those needs.  
It’s a good balance.
What is the collaboration like between CAP 
members and refinery leadership? 
We have 11 CAP meetings per year, plus a planning meeting every 
January where we brainstorm the community’s top needs, interests  
and ideas. The refinery takes our top ideas and makes a plan to  
address them. For example, one suggestion was to put together a  
drone tour of the refinery so we could see what it looks like from 
above, and the refinery made that happen. 
At every meeting, refinery leads who are part of the CAP provide updates on environmental and safety 
performance, and we hear from Refinery Manager Ray Rigdon. It’s never us versus them. We all work together, 
truly get to know each other and make the work important. 
LEADERSHIP INSIGHTS
David Watts
ROXANA, IL
57
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

ASSESSING SOCIAL RISKS  
We adhere to national and local laws and regulations 
regarding environmental, social and health assessments 
before starting operations at a new site, including 
pipelines. We conduct a comprehensive social risk 
assessment to understand the people and concerns 
along a proposed route or project. 
We aim to provide stakeholders with up-to-date 
information about the potential environmental, health 
and safety aspects of our work through press releases, 
our website, social media and even door-to-door flyer 
distribution. We also hold public meetings to encourage 
dialogue and feedback from our stakeholders. 
CREATING COMMUNITY AWARENESS  
ABOUT PIPELINES 
Our pipeline operators have year-round community 
awareness, education and listening panels to help 
everyone living or working near our pipelines or 
facilities adopt safe digging practices, learn the signs  
of a potential leak and know how to respond quickly  
if a problem is suspected. 
U.S. government and oil industry statistics show that 
improper or unauthorized digging is the most common 
cause of pipeline incidents. That’s why our pipeline 
operations business maintains an 811 call center, which 
has handled more than 1.8 million calls since 2012. We 
analyze root causes and the location where the event 
occurred, utilizing the Damage Information Report Tool 
(DIRT) to enhance our ability to implement damage 
prevention processes and programs. Phillips 66 also 
offers specialized programs for farmers, ranchers, 
emergency officials and schools.
CONNECTING WITH INDIGENOUS PEOPLES  
Phillips 66 recognizes the dignity and values the  
worth of all human beings, and this is reflected in our 
Position on Human Rights and Code of Business Ethics 
and Conduct. We work with Indigenous peoples to 
build meaningful relationships, honoring them and  
their connection to the land in the regions where we  
do business. 
Our field communicators and CAPs/CACs work with 
tribal representatives when repairs or updates are 
needed to pipelines or other assets on or near land 
important to Indigenous peoples’ heritage. When 
opportunities arise or we are invited to collaborate, 
Phillips 66 is steadfast in its support. Our partnership 
includes ongoing support of the American Indian 
Science and Engineering Society (AISES) and its 
efforts to bring more Indigenous students into STEM 
studies. In 2022, AISES named Phillips 66 as a top 
Indigenous STEM employer. 
Near our Ferndale Refinery in Washington state, we 
recently supported the transformation of the Lummi 
Nation Boys & Girls Club into a STEAM (science, 
technology, engineering, arts and math) center. We 
also continue to support the Northwest Indian College 
at Lummi Nation. 
WEB-EXCLUSIVE
Renovated Lummi Nation Boys  
& Girls Club facility opens
I grew up around Phillips 66 and saw  
how active it is in the Native American community. 
Phillips 66 really does care about diversity and 
inclusion for underrepresented groups like mine.” 
LACY HAMILTON
Senior Lab Technician and Cherokee tribe member 
58
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Phillips 66 Recognized by Singapore Nonprofit 
For more than a decade, our Commercial office in Singapore has supported SPD, a nonprofit 
organization dedicated to serving people of all ages with disabilities. 
In 2023, Phillips 66 was recognized as a top donor and awarded the “Gift of Hope” at a reception at the Istana, 
the official residence and office of the president of Singapore. 
“We were honored to have been a part of this celebration and humbled by the achievements and successes 
of SPD in serving the needs of the community,” said Ryan Wegner, Finance Manager, Asia, and sponsor of the 
Phillips 66 Singapore philanthropic committee. “SPD has always had a special relationship with our philanthropic 
committee, and we look to strengthen our partnership for years to come.”
In addition to corporate contributions, the Singapore team participates in SPD events and frequently engages 
with the nonprofit. 
“It’s truly inspiring to see our Singapore team actively sharing their Good Energy,” said Mark Hughes, Senior Vice 
President, Commercial. “Their commitment to SPD provides hope for those in need and is an excellent example 
of giving back to the communities in which we operate.”
INCREASING OUR SOCIAL IMPACT  
Living our core values of safety, honor and commitment, 
we create purposeful partnerships and aim to strengthen 
economic, social and environmental resilience in the 
communities where our employees live and work.  
Good Energy, our employee volunteerism program,  
was designed to inspire employees around the globe  
to connect with neighbors and share their compassion, 
talents and hard work to improve our communities.
Tree planting at Los Angeles 
Harbor College
LOS ANGELES, CA
My Home Library book 
distribution at Kashmere 
Gardens Elementary School
HOUSTON, TX
59
59STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Our social impact strategy includes four focus areas for corporate giving: education equity, safety and well-being, 
social advancement and environment. These focus areas reflect the ways we live our values, support our stakeholders 
and contribute to the betterment and resilience of our communities. 
We sponsored the effort of hundreds of 
children working to publish a 7-foot-tall book of 
short stories, poems and illustrations that broke 
the Guinness World Record for 
the largest published book in 
the world.
Our contribution to Lake Charles, Louisiana, 
helped reimagine the local children’s museum 
to provide STEM activities that teach kids  
how refineries convert crude oil into 
finished products.
AT A GLANCE
Social Impact Strategy 
$27 million 
contributed across our education equity, safety  
and well-being, social advancement and environment  
pillars in 2022
1,200
native plants planted on 10 floating platforms 
along Louisiana’s coastline and anchored together 
to allow plants to take root while protecting the 
existing shoreline
1,600+
students met employers and education providers to 
discuss potential career opportunities at the North 
Lincolnshire Skills Fair in Grimsby, United Kingdom
WEB-EXCLUSIVE
Phillips 66 donates $5 million  
to build JA Discovery Center
Employees volunteered to build houses with 
Habitat for Humanity, enhanced the landscaping 
at the city zoo and joined a citywide effort to 
revamp neighborhood parks in Houston, Texas.
Louisiana Coastal 
Conservation 
Association and  
Phillips 66 volunteers 
plant floating islands
LAKE CHARLES, LA
Tree planting volunteer  
event at the Houston Zoo
HOUSTON, TX
I am Texas 
book showcase
HOUSTON, TX
MAKING A DIFFERENCE THROUGH LOCAL GIVING   
60 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Phillips 66 Teams Up With Boys & Girls Club for Scholarships
Our Community Scholarship program for Boys & Girls Club members provides financial support 
and guarantees interviews for internships or full-time positions. 
In 2022, we awarded scholarships to 10 students and earmarked additional funds for all 2022 recipients who 
remain qualified for the program. 
Awards are renewable for up to three years or until a bachelor’s degree or vocational or trade certificate is 
earned, and the funds can be used for tuition, books, school supplies or room and board. Scholarship recipients 
are also guaranteed an interview for a Phillips 66 internship if they attend a four-year institution. If they attend a 
craft or trade school, meet the minimum grade point average requirements and are interested in a relevant field, 
they’re guaranteed an interview for a full-time position with Phillips 66.
$5,500
awarded per student, per year attending a  
four-year institution, with a preference given  
to students interested in STEM education
$1,500 
awarded per student, per year for students attending 
a community college or vocational/technical 
institution, with a preference given to students 
interested in an industry-related craft or trade
WEB-EXCLUSIVE  
VIDEO
Accelerating student success
ST Math digital learning tool 
supported by Phillips 66 at  
Jane Phillips Elementary  School 
BARTLESVILLE, OK
61
Interested applicants can read full details and eligibility requirements on the Phillips 66 Community 
Scholarship program website.  
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

62
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Investor Day 2022  
Closing Bell Ceremony at NYSE
NEW YORK, NY
Governance
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Our values of safety, honor and 
commitment guide everything we do.
63
GOVERNANCE

Maintaining Board and Managerial Oversight 
and Governance 
Good governance and ethics are integral at every level of our organization and  
contribute positively to our corporate culture, sustainability and shareholder value. 
Our board of directors and Executive Leadership Team (ELT) embody our company values and are dedicated to 
ethical business practices.
Sustainability matters are regularly reviewed by our ESG Steering committee, a subset of the ELT. Examples of 
recent topics reviewed include the 2022 ESG priority assessment, stakeholder engagement feedback and progress 
to 2030 GHG emissions reduction targets.
The board regularly reviews evolving corporate governance best practices, regulatory requirements and feedback 
from shareholders, making changes it believes are in the best interest of Phillips 66 and its shareholders. Board 
members also collaborate with senior leaders and stay connected to our corporate culture through regular visits  
to our facilities to study the company’s day-to-day operations and talk to employees. 
Each of our board committees has specific responsibilities.
PUBLIC POLICY  
AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE:
• Manages the company’s sustainability program  
and associated initiatives.
• Reviews compliance with HSE policies and  
impacts of environmental and social trends  
and uncertainties.
• Reviews exposure to and management of 
environmental, social and political trends and  
risks, including climate risk. 
• Reviews and makes recommendations on the 
company’s policies, programs and practices 
regarding HSE protection, government relations 
and political contributions, philanthropy and 
sustainability matters.
• Reviews the company’s global reputation as  
a good corporate citizen in the communities  
where we operate. 
AUDIT AND FINANCE COMMITTEE:
• Monitors our enterprisewide risk management 
program and our controls, compliance and ethics.
• Oversees the integrity of our financial reporting  
and financial statements.
NOMINATION AND GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE:
• Oversees board composition and  
succession planning. 
• Seeks candidates with diverse backgrounds and 
perspectives who possess the collaborative spirit, 
character, skills, experiences and expertise required 
to oversee the execution of the company’s strategy, 
risk management and operational objectives.  
HUMAN RESOURCES AND COMPENSATION COMMITTEE:
• Determines compensation for the ELT. 
• Oversees our human capital management  
strategy, including workplace culture, inclusion  
and diversity, and other talent management 
programs and initiatives.
 
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE:
• Exercises the board’s powers of authority to  
direct the business and affairs of the company  
between meetings of the full board.
The company and board governing documents lay out 
the specific roles and responsibilities of the board and 
its committees. 
64
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

MANAGING RISK  
We use a detailed and disciplined process to identify 
potential risks and opportunities that could significantly 
impact our business. The board and management 
teams review long-term energy outlook scenarios and 
leading indicators annually as a consideration in business 
planning and to test our financial resilience. 
Our governance structure allows the board and 
executive leadership to exercise their oversight 
responsibilities concerning risks, including risks related 
to climate change. Executive leadership is responsible 
for the strategic and operational management of 
risks and opportunities while considering technology 
developments, policy changes and consumer  
energy demand. 
Enterprise Risk Management 
Our enterprise risk management program provides a 
systematic approach to identifying and understanding 
significant risks, including climate-related issues, 
changes in energy policy, and physical or operational 
risks. Our scenario planning seeks to manage our 
businesses’ risks while evaluating opportunities to 
execute our strategy. 
Experts from our business units and corporate 
functions are actively involved in our risk management 
program and processes. Our Risk Management team 
identifies risks that could affect our overall policies 
and governance, strategy development, business units, 
forecasts and capital allocation decisions, among other 
things. Additionally, the team provides detailed, regular, 
timely and relevant information to our board of directors 
and ELT. 
JOINT VENTURE GOVERNANCE 
The company’s governance and oversight extend beyond our direct operations. When our employees 
are appointed to serve as representatives of a joint venture (JV) in which Phillips 66 has an ownership 
interest, we provide training on their powers, duties and obligations. In 2022, we incorporated ESG 
considerations such as climate-related efforts and stakeholder engagement. For example, we shared 
sustainability governance best practices with our United Pacific joint venture in our U.S. Marketing 
business. During 2023, we deployed training to more than 80 employees across operated and 
nonoperated JVs on sustainability, non-technical risks and opportunity management. 
IN OUR RISK MANAGEMENT  
PROGRAM, WE:  
• Quantify risks based on our assessment 
of the probability of each risk and the 
potential significance of its financial, 
reputational or other impacts. 
• Assess each risk in light of potential 
mitigating strategies or factors that  
may be available.
• Assign values to each mitigating  
factor based on assessments of 
potential timing, costs, effectiveness  
and other features. 
• Include assessments of potential  
GHG emissions policies and impacts.
Each risk has a corporate owner, creating 
accountability within our organization. 
Management directs, and the board 
oversees, the enterprise risk management 
program and processes. 
65
GOVERNANCE

INCREASING ASSET RESILIENCE 
We invest in and incur costs to protect our assets from 
physical risks and to employ processes to the extent 
available to mitigate such risks. We strive to improve 
our operational footprint and reduce costs through 
efficient energy use.
We have systems in place to manage potential  
acute physical risks that could adversely affect our 
assets and operations, including those that may 
be caused by climate change and severe weather. 
These are highly uncertain and depend on the unique 
geographic and environmental factors present in our 
business locations. 
For example, many of our facilities are near coastal 
areas. Extreme weather and rising sea levels may 
disrupt our ability to operate these facilities or 
transport crude oil, refined petroleum or petrochemical 
and plastics products. Extended periods of disruption 
could negatively affect our operations, and we could 
incur substantial costs to prevent or repair damage to 
these facilities. Depending on the severity and duration 
of an extreme weather event or climate condition, our 
operations may need to be modified and material costs 
incurred, which could adversely affect our business, 
financial condition and operations results.
We have invested in hardening our assets to enhance 
their reliability, including our industry-leading pipeline 
river crossing program, the power substation elevation 
at Bayway Refinery in Linden, New Jersey, and 
installing a state-of-the-art power distribution  
facility at Wood River Refinery in Roxana, Illinois.
ENHANCING CYBERSECURITY  
Our Corporate Information Security policies,  
standards and technical controls protect the 
confidentiality, integrity and availability of the 
company’s systems and information assets. All 
business units are expected to follow processes and 
standards that align with recognized cybersecurity 
frameworks, industry best practices and guidance  
from U.S. government security directives that focus  
on cybersecurity and critical infrastructure.  
As an example, in 2022, the Transportation Security 
Administration (TSA) issued a revision to the 2021 
security directive ensuring pipeline owner/operators 
have the appropriate safeguards from emerging 
cyberthreats. Phillips 66’s collaboration with the 
TSA and industry trade associations, as well as our 
continued focus on increasing cybersecurity  
resilience, contributed to helping shape the final 
security directive. 
At a corporate level, Phillips 66 actively monitors, 
detects, prevents and responds to external 
cybersecurity threats to our network. Every  
inbound email is inspected for malicious activity, 
and external threats are mitigated through external 
penetration testing conducted by independent  
third-party specialists. 
For internal business-critical process control networks, 
specific tools are used to help mitigate risks, including 
segregating the networks and systems from the 
Phillips 66 corporate network and external networks.
Each year, we conduct a range of audits across  
the company’s IT infrastructure, networks, systems, 
applications, operational processes and procedures 
to review compliance with our information security 
policies and standards. We perform process control 
network assurance audits on a rotating schedule with 
coverage at each facility on a cycle of no greater than 
five years. 
As part of the Business Continuity Plan development, 
all corporate IT systems are assessed for business 
criticality, with key systems and data included in the 
IT Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP). The DRP supports 
resuming corporate IT services related to essential 
business processes in a major unplanned event causing 
significant damage or loss to the infrastructure.
66
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

FOLLOWING OUR CODE OF ETHICS  
AND BUSINESS CONDUCT  
At Phillips 66, honor is one of our values and means 
acting with integrity in everything we do. We recognize 
that questions can arise in today’s increasingly complex 
global business environment. Therefore, we follow our 
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct (Code of Ethics) 
to help tie our company’s values to our decision-
making processes. 
Honor is one of our values  
and means acting with 
integrity in everything  
we do.
We expect everyone who works at Phillips 66 — 
directors, officers and employees at all levels — to  
work for the greater good and act with integrity, 
abiding by our Code of Ethics. All employees 
participate in biannual ethics training and annually 
attest that they will comply with the Code of Ethics. 
Phillips 66’s principal executive officer and senior 
financial officers are also expected to adhere to a 
supplemental Code of Ethics. We conduct annual 
benchmarking of our ethics program via a third party 
and share those results with our board’s Audit and 
Finance Committee. 
KEY ETHICS AND  
GOVERNANCE POLICIES  
Written policies and auditing programs create 
strong governance throughout our company 
and supply chain. Key policies and documents, 
including board governance documents and 
charters, are publicly available on our website. 
These and many other formal procedures and 
controls set the standards that guide our actions 
and efforts to maintain the highest levels of 
responsibility, integrity and legal compliance  
across our businesses. 
The Code of Ethics covers topics including, but 
not limited to, human rights, conflicts of interest, 
discrimination, harassment, confidentiality,  
anti-bribery, anti-boycott, employee 
grievances, insider trading, 
competition, fair dealing, 
and the integrity of 
financial reporting and 
financial statements.
We recognize and respect 
the dignity of all human 
beings. We believe 
business has a role in 
promoting respect for 
human rights worldwide. 
We embrace the right of 
all people to live their lives 
free from social, political 
or economic discrimination 
or abuse. The United Nations Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights informs our Position on Human Rights. 
Our code of ethics encapsulates the company’s human 
rights position and prohibits human trafficking and 
forced labor, consistent with international norms.
Global Ethics Toll-Free Help Line 855-318-5390 
phillips66.ethicspoint.com 
Whistleblower Program
Employees, suppliers and customers are empowered 
to raise questions or concerns about our operations 
and business practices without fear of punishment. 
Employees are expected to report behaviors that they  
believe violate the Code of Ethics. Phillips 66 has a 
policy of nonretaliation, which helps foster an ethical 
workplace and a culture of integrity. Various federal  
and state laws also provide legal protection to certain  
types of whistleblowers.  
67
67GOVERNANCE

DONATING THROUGH THE EMPLOYEE-FUNDED POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEE 
Per board and company policies, Phillips 66 does not make direct corporate contributions to political 
candidates in state and federal elections where prohibited. Employees can, however, support candidates 
through PAC66, a political action committee that is funded exclusively through voluntary contributions from 
eligible employees and members of the board of directors. PAC66 is registered with the Federal Election 
Commission, and contributions are reported monthly. Employees participating in PAC66 are not reimbursed 
for political contributions or expenses. 
PAC66’s board of directors includes a broad cross-section of company employee volunteers. The PAC66 
board approves all PAC66 disbursements, which are made solely in the best interest of the company and 
its shareholders and not according to the personal agendas of individual directors, officers or employees. 
PAC66 contributes to state and federal political candidates it believes support responsible energy industry 
activities and other business issues of interest to the company. 
Criteria considered in determining whether to support a candidate include the candidate’s:
• Position on issues affecting the business community and energy industry.
• Integrity and character.
• Leadership position within their party, presence on a key committee or likelihood of attaining  
such position in the future.
• Relationship with, or representation of, an operating facility or company operations.
• Opponent’s nature and strength.
Learn more about our participation in the political process in the Lobbying Activities section.
 
FOCUSING ON SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY AND DIVERSITY
Phillips 66 seeks to work with diverse businesses across our operations, and we are committed to providing 
equal and impartial opportunities. This approach stimulates local economic development and enhances our 
long-term business performance by improving supplier responsiveness, competition and sustainability. 
We build relationships with and buy materials and services from various enterprises, including small 
businesses and companies owned by women, minorities, military veterans, people with disabilities and 
members of the LGBTQ+ community. Our procurement processes aim to integrate qualified, diverse  
suppliers into Tier I and Tier II* opportunities. 
*Tier I are direct suppliers to Phillips 66 and Tier II are suppliers or contractors to Tier I suppliers
68
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Fostering a diverse supplier network is 
fundamental to our success as a global energy company 
and foundational to the success of our industry.”
SCOTT MCREE
Vice President, Procurement
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Our goals encourage the expanded utilization of a diverse supply base while delivering quality and 
competitive goods and services. In 2021, we piloted supply chain sustainability training for our employees, 
and in 2022, we formalized the training program and offered it to approximately 150 employees in the 
Procurement organization. 
Our supplier diversity program has established collaborative relationships, digital tools and dashboards,  
and internal metrics for benchmarking diverse supplier utilization in alignment with our business needs.  
We are members of the National Minority Supplier Development Council and the Women’s Business 
Enterprise National Council, and we actively support API diversity activities. 
$115 million
in Tier I diverse supplier spend
$80 million
in Tier II diverse supplier spend
API Pathways to Excellence 
As a member of the API Supplier Diversity Task Force,  
Phillips 66 sponsored the inaugural API Pathways to  
Excellence cohort, which focuses on developing minority 
suppliers in the oil and natural gas supply chain. 
The Task Force partnered with Blue Wave and the Houston Minority 
Supplier Development Council to provide corporate mentorship from 
API member companies to 20 minority-business enterprises from the 
greater Houston area.
The 20 cohort members attended 10 workshops over six months, 
learning how to enhance their business operations to become better 
positioned to compete for industry services. Through self-assessment, 
they identified more than 1,300 business gaps across seven pillars, 
including health, safety, security and environment, cybersecurity, quality, 
corporate policies, technical capabilities, finance and ESG. By the end of the 
course, 90% of the initially identified gaps were closed.
API Supplier Diversity 
Task Force
HOUSTON, TX
Enter your company into our supplier database or submit your report to access the Spend Reporting 
Tool on the Phillips 66 Supplier Diversity portal. 
Recently, we updated our supplier diversity position statement to better reflect our commitment to 
engaging with diverse suppliers and detail how the program benefits our communities and strengthens our 
supply chain. Our position statement also highlights the creation of the Tier II program and how we promote 
it among our suppliers. This program encourages key vendors to embrace supplier diversity while supporting 
initiatives beyond direct relationships. Our key suppliers commit to backing the diversity initiative through 
the quarterly Tier II reporting of diverse spend. We choose to liaise with suppliers who share our values and 
enable us to set goals for the betterment of our program and others. 
69
69GOVERNANCE

Business Partner and Social Supplier Standards  
The products manufactured in our refineries significantly contribute to local, state and national economies. 
In keeping with our core value of honor, we choose business partners objectively and fairly and act with 
integrity in our business dealings. We comply with laws where we do business so that our supply chain 
standards meet requirements for minimum wage, child labor, right-to-associate or bargain collectively and 
working hours.
We expect our business partners and suppliers to comply with the contractual obligations and criteria in our 
Business Partner Principles of Conduct. These principles require our suppliers to work with our employees in 
a manner consistent with our values and Code of Ethics. Priorities include fair wages, nondiscrimination, no 
human trafficking, anti-bribery, cybersecurity and upholding all health, safety and environmental laws.
Our procurement policy and procedures govern our supply chain activities. We employ formal supplier 
vetting processes that are intended to protect people, ensure adherence to industry-standard frameworks 
for quality and monitor financial stability. Maintaining ongoing engagement with our suppliers helps  
support the continued safe delivery of goods and services to our operations. Understanding and  
monitoring the work conducted by our suppliers and business partners is integral to efficient and  
robust business operations, sustainability and respect for human rights. Our suppliers are expected  
to comply with all laws related to the work they perform and the goods they 
provide to Phillips 66, including those on human rights, slavery and human 
trafficking. We engage with suppliers to enhance our operating 
performance through innovative products and the execution of 
continuous improvement opportunities.  
In 2022, we conducted ESG engagements with key  
suppliers. Examples of opportunities identified during  
the engagements include: 
• Maximizing truck utilization to reduce fuel consumption  
and emissions. 
• Identifying responsibly sourced materials. 
• Increasing catalyst recycling. 
• Reducing water consumption through the use of 
conservation technologies. 
We are continuing our ESG engagements in 2023, focusing  
on our Tier I and Tier II suppliers. Through these dialogues,  
we have identified business opportunities and are working  
with Procurement category managers to integrate them into  
existing processes. 
We are updating the Business Partner Principles of Conduct to clarify 
the company’s expectations on social and environmental issues  
with suppliers, business partners and stakeholders. We benchmarked  
against the United Nations Global Compact and our peers to identify  
areas to enhance or update.
San Francisco Refinery
RODEO, CA
70
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

PARTICIPATING IN THE POLITICAL AND PUBLIC  
POLICY PROCESS 
Our lobbying activity is governed by our Political Giving 
and Activity policy, which discloses participation in political 
activity by the board of directors and management and lays 
out the criteria by which we evaluate contributions. Phillips 66 
lobbies directly through contact with legislative or executive 
branch officials and indirectly through trade associations and 
memberships. Our operations are highly 
regulated and affected by actions at many 
levels of government. Our public policy 
activities include education and advocacy 
efforts at the federal, state and local 
levels. We comply with applicable 
federal, state and local rules on 
lobbying and lobbying disclosures. 
Phillips 66 is committed to transparent and decision-useful disclosures. Since the company’s formation in 
2012, we have made the board’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) charter and the Political 
Giving and Activity policy publicly available. Within the policy, the company provides extensive disclosures that 
include federal and state filings, political contributions, trade association memberships, political expenses and 
independent expenditures. Additionally, since 2017, we have expanded our sustainability reporting to provide 
further details on the company’s political activity, voluntary reporting and disclosures. We regularly review 
company positions for messaging alignment and consistency of our employee lobbying activities in support  
of our 2030 and 2050 GHG emissions reduction targets and lower-carbon initiatives.  
2023 Lobbying Activities 
Phillips 66 participates in the political process at all levels of government. We work with communities, 
environmental organizations, legislators and customers on numerous public policy issues, including those 
related to climate change. Phillips 66 lobbies both directly and through trade associations and memberships. 
Our employees directly lobby using the company positions we have developed on important issues that impact 
our business.
“It’s in the best interest of our 
company and our shareholders to 
participate in the political process 
and engage in issues critical to 
our business, including support of 
transparent and technology-neutral 
energy policies at the federal, state 
and local levels.”  
VANESSA SUTHERLAND
Executive Vice President, Government Affairs, 
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Borger Refinery
BORGER, TX
Vanessa 
Sutherland
71
GOVERNANCE

MAINTAINING OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNANCE 
The PPSC typically meets four times a year and is 
responsible for evaluating and reviewing political 
trends and risks; company policies, programs and 
practices regarding government affairs, including 
lobbying and public policy activities; and the company 
budget for political contributions and independent 
political expenditures. All members of the PPSC are 
independent directors of the board. 
The Government Affairs team oversees all company 
lobbying and trade association advocacy. Company 
participation in trade associations for advocacy is 
recommended to the ELT for approval. The Vice 
President of Government Affairs reports to the 
Executive Vice President, Government Affairs,  
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, who  
reports directly to our President and CEO. 
Compliance Process
Employees involved in lobbying submit a quarterly 
record of their activities and certify their knowledge 
of and compliance with the company policies and 
guidelines and U.S. laws governing political activities. 
The Government Affairs team maintains an intranet site 
that illustrates compliance scenarios to help educate 
employees. To support compliance with the law and 
company policies, we conduct regular compliance 
system reviews and internal audits of corporate political 
contributions, including trade association memberships. 
Several federal, state and local laws govern corporate 
involvement in lobbying activities, and we maintain 
policies, procedures and programs to support our 
compliance with these laws. Phillips 66 complies with 
federal Lobbying Disclosure Act regulations by filing 
quarterly reports on lobbying activities and expenses 
and semiannual reports on contributions. Phillips 66 also 
files periodic lobbying activity reports with state and 
local agencies, as required by applicable state and local 
laws. More information can be found in the company’s 
Political Giving and Activity policy.
ISSUE IDENTIFICATION  
AND COMPANY  
POSITIONS DEVELOPMENT 
The Government Affairs team engages 
subject matter experts across the company 
and follows these processes to align on 
issues and company position statements:
• Identify priority issues, including climate 
and energy-related issues, that may 
impact the business. 
• Evaluate federal, state or local 
jurisdictions developing legislative or 
regulatory policy on the priority issues 
that may impact the business. 
• Develop the company’s priorities, 
positions or guiding principles on  
each issue. 
• Educate Government Affairs  
employees on company practices  
and policies regarding advocacy  
and legal compliance. 
• Identify company resources, including 
trade associations, available to educate 
and engage with policymakers on 
priority issues. 
• Participate in discussions, analysis and 
positions development based on the 
company’s views as issues arise within 
trade associations or memberships. 
• Update management and the PPSC 
regularly on political activities 
undertaken on behalf of the company.
WORKING WITH TRADE ASSOCIATIONS AND UPHOLDING MEMBERSHIPS 
Phillips 66 collaborates with national, regional and state trade associations with the mutual objective of sharing 
information and advancing sound and meaningful policy. We participate in industry trade associations, where we 
share technical and standards expertise and lessons learned from incident investigations. We also develop best 
practices and participate in public education efforts regarding issues of common concern to our industry. Our 
involvement in trade and industry associations is subject to management oversight by our Government Affairs 
team, which serves as the principal representative in associations and recommends memberships to our ELT. 
Participation in non-advocacy activities of a trade association, such as standard setting, is managed through  
the business units or functions to which the standards pertain.  
72
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Phillips 66 pays regular membership dues to several 
trade associations, some of which use a portion 
of those dues for nondeductible federal and state 
lobbying and political expenditures. Following the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code, these trade associations 
provide us with documentation of the part of our 
annual dues that is attributable to lobbying expenses. 
Additionally, we are active members in local Chambers 
of Commerce and other civic organizations near our 
operating assets. Contributions and a list of these 
organizations can be found in our Political Giving  
and Activity policy. 
Lobbying Activities Alignment 
Trade associations have a variety of members and 
cover multiple issues, including climate change 
and others that may or may not be applicable to 
our business. Our involvement in areas relevant to 
the company’s operations provides many benefits, 
including standard setting, safety improvements, 
knowledge sharing and advocacy. Trade associations 
manage issue discussions to achieve a unified position 
on issues of importance to the membership. 
Due to the membership variability within these trade 
associations, members may sometimes disagree 
on a position. As a result, positions taken by trade 
associations of which Phillips 66 is a member may 
not always reflect the company’s viewpoints. Our 
participation as a member of a trade association does 
not mean that the company agrees with every position 
that a trade association takes on an issue. When 
this happens, we often work with the association to 
promote reasonable compromise on major initiatives 
affecting our business and our stakeholders. Policy 
development is dynamic and constantly evolving, 
and position-setting within trade associations is an 
iterative process that reflects these dynamics. We use 
our company’s climate change position and policy 
principles to educate members on our position and 
seek alignment within trade associations on the issue 
of climate change.
We regularly examine the business value of 
participating in trade associations, coalitions and think 
tanks. We may discontinue membership if persistent 
misalignment exists on company priority issues, 
including climate change, or if there is limited value  
to the company from our continued engagement.
OUR POSITION ON  
CLIMATE CHANGE   
We support the goals of the Paris Agreement 
and are committed to being a part of the 
solution to help the world address climate 
change. Our approach is to improve the 
efficiency of our diversified and resilient 
operations and make investments to help  
meet the world’s evolving energy needs  
while advancing a lower-carbon future. 
Phillips 66 supports climate policy that: 
• Offers market-based, economywide 
solutions that are fuel- and technology-
neutral for all energy sources to facilitate 
meaningful GHG emissions reductions  
that are most beneficial and least costly  
to society. 
• Balances economic, environmental, energy 
security and local community needs. 
• Rationalizes overlapping policies  
or programs. 
• Ensures that energy producers, 
manufacturers and suppliers are 
responsible for their direct emissions. 
• Recognizes and appropriately accounts  
for early or voluntary actions. 
• Makes any regulatory cost and  
associated climate benefits transparent  
to the consumer. 
• Promotes fundamental public research 
at the pre-commercial stage to advance 
viable energy solutions.
Wood River Refinery
ROXANA, IL
73GOVERNANCE

Climate Lobbying Assessment   
Phillips 66 recognizes that supportive policies are required for the at-scale deployment of lower-carbon 
energy alternatives, and we engage with policymakers directly and through trade associations. 
Examples of recent collaborations include:
• Influenced API and AFPM lobbying in favor of 
higher biofuel volumes (advanced category) in 
the EPA’s Renewable Volume Obligations for 
Years 2023-2025 to advance renewable diesel 
production, a change in historic position under  
the Renewable Fuel Standard.
• Highlighted the importance of the Inflation 
Reduction Act’s (IRA) energy tax credits to API and 
AFPM, resulting in meetings with the U.S. Treasury 
Department and the DOE. Company-specific 
meetings with federal regulators also took place to 
maximize the opportunities afforded by the IRA.
• Continued engagement with the Fuel Cell and 
Hydrogen Energy Association to promote the 
nascent hydrogen production tax credit and  
carbon capture credit enacted by the IRA.
• Filed individual comments in favor of the  
IRA federal EV tax credit, recognizing the 
opportunity provided by the new domestic  
content requirements.
• Coordinated with the Western States Petroleum 
Association to request feasible compliance 
mechanisms during the legislative debate to codify 
California’s executive order to achieve carbon 
neutrality no later than 2045, specifically focusing 
on the need for certainty in utilizing carbon capture 
and sequestration for the oil and gas industry.
To evaluate the company’s continued alignment with 
trade associations and memberships on climate-related 
positions, we:
1. Reviewed global memberships with annual dues 
of over $50,000, if a portion of such dues support 
lobbying activities. 
2. Assessed each trade association’s positions, 
advocacy actions and public statements supporting 
a climate policy that:
 – Is market-based, economywide. 
 – Is fuel- and technology-neutral.
 – Advances meaningful emissions  
reductions that are most beneficial to  
society, balancing economic, environmental 
and energy security needs. 
 – Offers costs and associated climate benefits 
that are transparent to the consumer. 
3. Utilized the following ranking to quantify the level 
of alignment:
 – Aligned, if all climate-related positions analysis 
criteria are aligned.
 – Mostly aligned, if three climate-related 
positions analysis criteria are aligned.
 – Misaligned, if one or more climate-related 
positions analysis criteria are contradictory.
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
Lake Charles  
Manufacturing Complex
LAKE CHARLES, LA
74 PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GOVERNANCE
We analyzed the climate change positions of the following 17 trade associations and memberships the 
company belongs to, each having annual dues of more than $50,000. Two associations do not have a 
position regarding climate change or the Paris Agreement. The remaining 15 associations have climate 
change positions that are aligned or mostly aligned with ours. Of those with published climate-related 
lobbying positions, details regarding the Paris Agreement vary. 
Alignment with Phillips 66 Criteria
Trade Association
Phillips 66 
Participation 
Level
Is market-
based, 
economywide
Is fuel- and 
technology-
neutral
Advances 
meaningful 
emissions 
reductions 
that are most 
beneficial to 
society
Cost and 
associated 
climate 
benefits are 
transparent to 
the consumer 
Assessment 
Results
Advanced Biofuels Association Aligned
American Fuel  
& Petrochemical Manufacturers Aligned
American Petroleum Institute Aligned
Business Roundtable Aligned
California Council for Environmental 
and Economic Balance Aligned
Consumer Energy Alliance Aligned
Greater Houston Partnership Aligned
Louisiana Mid-Continent  
Oil & Gas Association Aligned
Texas Association of Manufacturers Aligned
U.K. Petroleum Industry Association Aligned
U.S. Chamber of Commerce1 Aligned
Western States Petroleum Association Aligned
Texas Oil & Gas Association Aligned
Fuels Europe — Mostly  
Aligned
Liquid Energy Pipeline Association2 — Mostly  
Aligned
State Chamber of Oklahoma — — — — No Climate  
Position
Texas Pipeline Association — — — — No Climate  
Position
1 Includes membership in the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Institute for Legal Reform
2 Formerly Association of Oil Pipe Lines
Board of Directors
Aligned No position X    Misaligned
Government Affairs, Legislative and Regulatory Committees Subject Matter Experts and Technical Committees
75

We concluded that the climate change positions of these trade associations are aligned or mostly aligned with 
our position. We did not identify any misalignments. We view risks of misalignment between our positions 
and those of these trade associations as primarily financial or reputational. We actively participate with trade 
associations as they evolve their majority stance on issues, including climate change, to mitigate these risks. In 
some instances, trade associations may oppose climate-related policies and regulations as initially proposed 
for reasons such as the feasibility or cost of implementing such policies and these positions should not be 
misconstrued as opposing the need for climate change policy. We routinely work with trade associations to 
ensure that proposed rules are workable and effective in implementing the intended societal changes.
When trade associations and memberships provide recommended practices and operating standards, educate 
on the importance of the energy sector and affordable and reliable energy availability and products, and 
advocate on multiple issues, Phillips 66’s action is to remain in the trade association and membership. We believe 
that continued engagement is the best approach to work toward issues alignment, including for those trade 
associations that are still developing their position.
LEADING IN TRANSPARENT DISCLOSURES
Phillips 66 is rated by the CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political 
Disclosure and Accountability which is produced by the Center for Political 
Accountability and the Zicklin Center for Governance & Business Ethics 
at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. This index provides 
nonpartisan criteria for sound corporate political disclosures. By increasing 
the clarity and transparency of our political activity disclosures, we have 
received the CPA-Zicklin Index Trendsetter or first-tier rating for three 
consecutive years since 2020.
Borger Refinery
BORGER, TX
OUR 
BUSINESSES
HEALTH, SAFETY 
AND ENVIRONMENT
GOVERNANCESTAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
76
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GOVERNANCE
U.K. Emerging Energy Parliament Showcase
LONDON, U.K.
77

Phillips 66 Performance Data
PERSONAL & PROCESS SAFETY 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 GRI SASB
Personal Safety
Combined Total Recordable Rate (TRR)1 0.14 0.15 0.11 0.12 0.11 403-9 EM-RM-320a.1
Employee TRR 0.11 0.13 0.08 0.12 0.11
Contractor TRR 0.16 0.16 0.13 0.12 0.11
Midstream Combined TRR 0.18 0.19 0.12 0.03 0.03
Midstream Employee TRR 0.18 0.19 0.12 0.00 0.00
Midstream Contractor TRR 0.23 0.15 0.20 0.05 0.05
      API EHSG Benchmark² 0.30 0.24 0.36 0.34
Refining Combined TRR 0.15 0.18 0.13 0.15 0.15
Refining Employee TRR 0.11 0.15 0.13 0.19 0.15
Refining Contractor TRR 0.17 0.20 0.14 0.12 0.15
      AFPM Benchmark³ 0.30 0.33 0.35 0.32
Combined Lost Workday Case Rate (LWCR)⁴ 0.05 0.03 0.02 0.04 0.02 403-9
Employee LWCR 0.05 0.05 0.03 0.06 0.02
Contractor LWCR 0.04 0.03 0.02 0.03 0.02
Midstream Combined LWCR 0.06 0.03 0.02 0.00 0.00
Midstream Employee LWCR 0.06 0.06 0.00 0.00 0.00
Midstream Contractor LWCR 0.06 0.00 0.04 0.00 0.00
Refining Combined LWCR 0.04 0.05 0.04 0.06 0.03
AFPM Benchmark³ 0.08 0.08 0.16 0.11
Refining Employee LWCR 0.03 0.06 0.06 0.09 0.04
      Refining Contractor LWCR 0.04 0.04 0.02 0.03 0.03
Combined Fatalities count 1 0 0 0 1 403-9 EM-RM-320a.1
Employee Fatalities count 0 0 0 0 0
Contractor Fatalities count 1 0 0 0 1
Combined Fatality Rate⁵ 0.003 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.003
Employee Fatality Rate 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000
Contractor Fatality Rate 0.006 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.006
Vehicle Safety
Midstream Vehicle Safety Rate⁶ 1.79   1.41 0.86 1.02 0.44
      API EHSG Benchmark² 0.23 0.21 0.18 0.25
Process Safety
Combined Tier 1 & Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate⁷ 0.18 0.20 0.14 0.13 0.13 EM-RM-540a.1
      AFPM Benchmark³ 0.23 0.21 0.18 0.25
Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 0.05 0.06 0.02 0.05 0.02
Midstream Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 0.24 0.08 0.02 0.08 0.06
Refining Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 0.02 0.06 0.02 0.05 0.01
      AFPM Benchmark³ 0.06 0.06 0.06 0.08
Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate⁷ 0.13 0.14 0.12 0.08 0.11
Midstream Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate 0.35 0.38 0.10 0.14 0.13
Refining Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate 0.11 0.12 0.14 0.08 0.13
      AFPM Benchmark³ 0.17 0.16 0.13 0.17
78
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Phillips 66 Performance Data
GREENHOUSE GAS 8 UNIT OF MEASURE 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 GRI SASB
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1)⁹
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) - All GHGs million metric tons CO₂e 29.3 30.1 25.5 30.3 24.8 305-1
Methane % of  All GHGs 0.42 0.38 0.41
Methane million metric tons CH₄ 0.004 0.005 0.004 0.005 0.004
Midstream - All GHGs million metric tons CO₂e 0.4 0.4 0.5 0.5 0.6 305-1.a EM-MD-110a.1
Methane 0.005 0.005 0.007 0.001 0.000
Downstream - All GHGs million metric tons CO₂e 28.9 29.7 25.0 29.8 24.2 EM-RM-110a.1
Methane 0.100 0.109 0.100 0.114 0.102
Indirect GHG Emissions from Imported Energy (Scope 2)10 million metric tons CO₂e
Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 2) - All GHGs 4.8 5.4 4.6 4.5 6.4 305-2a
Midstream - All GHGs 0.4 0.4 0.5 0.3 0.7
Downstream - All GHGs 4.3 5.0 4.0 4.1 5.7
Indirect GHG Emissions from Products (Scope 3)¹¹ million metric tons CO₂e
Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 3) - All GHGs 382 313 350 354 305-3
Intensity -  GHG Emissions¹² metric tons CO₂e/MBOe
Scope 1 and 2 Manufacturing-Related Emissions Intensity 36.5 37.3 37.5 33.4 305-4c
Scope 3 Product-Related Emissions Intensity 380 374 366 368 305-4c
ENVIRONMENTAL UNIT OF MEASURE 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 GRI SASB
Events and Spills
Environmental Events¹³ count 112 119 75 119 117
Spills beyond secondary containment¹⁴ count 36 27 18 26 27 306-3 EM-MD-160a.4
Spills beyond secondary containment - volume bbls 5,598 2,754 357 5,203 1,634
Spills to land bbls 5,598 1,654 132 5,149 1,317
Spills to water¹⁵ bbls 0 1,100 225 55 318
Spill volume recovered¹⁶ % 22 90 94 74 90
Spill volume recovered bbls 1,222 2,479 336 3,827 1,464 EM-MD-160a.4
Midstream Spills¹⁷ count 19 18 7 8 8 306-3
Midstream spills - volume bbls 4,648 1,403 25 157 347
Midstream spills to land bbls 4,624 257 5 148 61
Midstream spills to water bbls 0 1,100 0 0 286
Midstream spill volume recovered¹⁸ bbls 275 1,181 17 33 215
Air Emissions        
Total Emissions (NOx-PM-SOx-VOC) thousand metric tons 40.6 38.3 35.5 34.5 31.8 305-7a
NOx thousand metric tons 12.4 12.6 11.5 11.6 11.2
PM thousand metric tons 3.2 2.7 2.3 2.5 2.2
SOx thousand metric tons 8.7 7.8 7.5 7.3 6.9
VOCs                                                                                thousand metric tons 16.3 15.3 14.3 13.1 11.5
      Midstream NOx                                                                 thousand metric tons 0.6 0.6 0.9 0.9 0.9 EM-MD-120a.1
      Midstream PM                                                                  thousand metric tons 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
      Midstream SOx                                                                thousand metric tons 0.1 0.0 0.1 0.0 0.0
      Midstream VOCs                                                     thousand metric tons 2.4 2.0 2.6 2.7 0.9
      Refining NOx                                                                  thousand metric tons 11.8 12 10.6 10.7 10.2 EM-RM-120a.1
      Refining PM                                                                   thousand metric tons 3.2 2.6 2.2 2.4 2.2
      Refining SOx                                                                   thousand metric tons 8.6 7.8 7.5 7.3 6.9
      Refining VOCs                                                                 thousand metric tons 12.9 12.3 10.7 10.4 9.8
79
79PHILLIPS 66 PERFORMANCE DATA

UNIT OF MEASURE 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 GRI SASB
Water19
Freshwater withdrawn20 million bbls 1,057 1,029 759 895 933 303-
3.c.i    EM-RM-140a.1
Freshwater withdrawn in water-stressed areas21 % 30 28 39 36 33 303- 
3.c.i EM-RM-140a.1
Freshwater withdrawal intensity22 1.20 1.17 1.06 1.15 1.00
Freshwater consumed23 million bbls 358 318 335 400 526
Freshwater consumed in water-stressed areas % 43 37 39 37 59  EM-RM-140a.1
Freshwater discharged24 million bbls 544 517 511 495 407  303-
4.b.i
Freshwater discharge intensity22 0.62 0.59 0.71 0.64 0.45
Waste & Recycling25
Hazardous waste generated²⁶ million metric tons 0.02 0.03 0.03 0.04 0.04 306-3     EM-RM-150a.1
Non-hazardous waste generated²⁶ million metric tons 0.24 0.21 306-3
Recycled Materials²⁷ thousand metric tons 141 159 124 184 141 306-
4b.ii
IT Hardware e-waste recycled²⁸ thousand lbs. 170 171 224 307
Product Specifications and Clean Fuels Blends
Purchase of Separated Renewable Identification 
Numbers (RINs) % 41 49 52 46 38 EM-RM-410a.1
Processing, Reliability, and Energy
Utilization¹⁹ % 95.2 93.7 76.2 84.0 90.0
Processed Inputs Refining, global12 million bbls 872 872 710 776 745 EM-RM-000.A
Processed Inputs Refining and NGLs, global million boe 973 807 926 933
Renewable Feedstocks Purchased²⁹ million bbls 2.6 3.7
Refined Petroleum Products and NGLs 
Fractionated, global12 million boe 1,005 838 956 963
Total energy consumption³⁰ trillion BTUs 471 480 471 490 444 302-1e
Exported electricity³¹ billion kilowatt-hours 2.5 3.2
Power consumed³² billion kilowatt-hours 9.3 9.2
Energy Intensity³³ million BTU / bbl 0.5 0.5 302-3a
Pipeline
Hazardous liquids pipeline inspections completed per plan³⁴ % 100 100 EM-MD-540a.2
Pipelines near ecologically sensitive areas³⁵ % 12 13 304-1
Social36
Number of employees count 14,200 14,500 14,300 14,000 12,900
Employees - Represented by unions³⁷ % 35 38 37 33 34
Employees - Women % 21 21 20 20 21 405-1
Employees - Underrepresented minority group³⁷ % 26 26 27 28 28
Employees - Generation Z % 2 3 4 5 6
Employees - Millennials % 38 40 41 43 44
Employees - Generation X % 39 39 39 39 39
Employees - Baby Boomers % 21 19 16 13 11
Retention rate³⁸ % 97 97 98 96 93 401-1
Interns - Women³⁷ % 40 48 44 39 47
Interns - Underrepresented minority group³⁷ % 25 31 38 39 38
Phillips 66 Performance Data
80
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2022 EEO-1 DATA 37
Hispanic 
or Latino White
Black or 
African 
American
Native 
Hawaiian 
or Pacific 
Islander
Asian
American 
Indian or 
Alaskan 
Native
Two or 
more races Total
Job Categories Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female
Executive/Sr. Officials & Mgrs 4 1  53 11 - 4 - - 5 1 3 0 - 1 83
First/Mid Officials & Mgrs 132 25  1,091 249 57 19 3 1 50 19 29 17 13 5 1,710
Professionals 197 118  1,690 723 104 75 6 2 208 122 45 42 29 17 3,378
Technicians 7 3  83 34 4 4 - - 6 3 14 2 5 3 168
Sales Workers 5 3  88 25 2 1 - 1 5 2 2 - - - 134
Administrative Support 36 47  232 266 27 59 2 - 10 11 17 22 5 4 738
Craft Workers 222 7  1,150 26 70 2 15 - 19 1 27 1 19 2 1,561
Operatives 476 16  1,966 153 265 36 10 2 47 5 54 2 45 5 3,082
Laborers & Helpers - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Service Workers - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Total 1,079 220 6,353 1,487 529 200 36 6 350 164 191 86 116 37 10,854
UNIT OF MEASURE 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 GRI SASB
Philanthropy and Volunteerism
Charitable Donations millions US$ 28 32 27 27
Employee Volunteerism thousands of hours 88 53 67 88
Schools Supported39 count 600 611 612
Financial 
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Phillips 66 millions US$ 5,595 3,076 (3,975) 1,317 11,024
Governance
Board Composition: Independent Directors % 91 85
Board Composition: Diversity (women + ethnic minorities) % 45 38 405-1
Board Composition: Women % 30 30 45 45 38 405-1
Board Composition: Ethnic minorities % 9 8 405-1
Ethics violations allegations received count 181 218 191 224 179
Ethics violations allegations investigated % 100 100 100 100 100
Anonymous/provided name % 44/56 38/62 40/60 35/65 47/53
Cybersecurity 
Inbound email inspected for malicious activity % 100 100
Phillips 66 Performance Data
8181PHILLIPS 66 PERFORMANCE DATA

PHILLIPS 66 PERFORMANCE DATA NOTES
1 As defined by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
(OSHA). All rates are calculated as incidents per 200,000 work-hours.
2 American Petroleum Institute for combined rates, Environmental, 
Health, and Safety Group benchmarks for Midstream. 
3 American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, U.S. refining 
benchmark.
4 Also known as Lost Time Incident Rate, as defined by OSHA. All 
rates are calculated as incidents per 200,000 work-hours. Includes 
employees and contractors.
5 Calculated using the OSHA incident rate formula. Incidents per 
200,000 work-hours.
6 Number of motor vehicle incidents x 1 million miles ÷ business use 
miles driven. Business use of a company-owned, leased or rented 
vehicle includes all miles driven while on duty, including commuting  
to and from work, driving to and from a call-out location and going  
to and from lunch.
7 Tier 1 and Tier 2 Process Safety Events differ by release rate, type of 
product and impact as defined by the American Petroleum Institute 
RP-754.
8 The company reports 100% of the Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions 
from assets over which it has operational control. Operated joint 
ventures such as WRB Refining and Excel Paralubes are included on 
a 100% basis; non-operated joint ventures such as CPChem LLC and 
MiRO Refinery are not included. Emissions are inclusive of carbon 
dioxide (CO₂), methane (CH₄), and nitrous oxide (N₂O). Other GHG 
emissions are not considered to be material to our operations and are 
therefore excluded. Downstream refers to operations from Refineries 
and lubricants facilities. The global warming potentials for each GHG 
are sourced from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
Fourth Assessment Report, Appendix A: Global Warming Potentials. 
For emissions data post-2018, absolute Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions 
are reported in accordance to the World Resources Institute/World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development’s GHG Protocol, and 
emissions intensity calculations follow the Global Reporting Initiative 
Sustainability Reporting Standards Disclosure GRI 305-4. Phillips 66 
calculates and reports emissions in accordance with the mandatory 
reporting requirements such as the U.S. EPA’s Mandatory Greenhouse 
Gas Reporting Program and EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS). 
Regulatory frameworks may differ from the frameworks referenced in 
this report and, accordingly, agency data may vary. 
9 Scope 1 direct GHG emissions by the company, such as fuel 
combustion and fugitive emissions, including those from operated 
refineries, NGL fractionators, pipelines, terminals, lubricants facilities, 
corporate headquarters and research facilities, are calculated utilizing 
actual emissions data, where available. If actual data was not available, 
emissions were calculated utilizing emission factors referenced in the 
U.S. EPA’s Mandatory GHGRP for all U.S. assets and the EU ETS for 
European assets. Phillips 66 does not include emissions from  
operated vehicles.
10 Scope 2 indirect emissions are from imported electricity and steam 
used in our operated refineries, NGL fractionators, pipelines, terminals, 
lubricants facilities, corporate headquarters and research facilities. The 
Sweeny cogeneration unit is assumed to supply all electricity to the 
Sweeny NGL Fractionator. Consistent with the market-based method 
guidance, supplier-specific emission factors were utilized where 
available. If supplier-specific emissions factors were not available, EPA 
eGRID regional emissions factors for CO₂, CH₄ and N₂O were utilized. 
Contractual instruments (e.g., renewable energy credits or renewable 
power purchase agreements) are not included in Scope 2 emissions.
11 Product-related emissions include Scope 3 emissions from products 
manufactured in operated Refining assets and NGL fractionators. 
Our products include jet fuel, gasoline, diesel, fuel oil, petroleum 
coke, NGLs and other products. The data in this report assumes 
that all fuels are 100% combusted by the end user for purposes of 
calculating Scope 3 Category 11 emissions. Non-fuels products, such 
as sulfur, are not combusted by the end user and therefore are not 
included in these Scope 3 estimates. For U.S. assets, GHG emissions 
are calculated using the EPA factors identified in Table MM-1 of 40 
CFR Part 98 as of March 2020. GHG emissions for NGL fractionators 
are calculated using the EPA factors identified in Table NN-1 of 40 
CFR Part 98 as of March 2020. All Phillips 66 NGL fractionators 
are in the United States. For European assets, GHG emissions are 
calculated using U.K. Government Conversion Factors for GHG 
emissions as of July 2021.
12 Manufacturing-related intensity is calculated as Scope 1 and 2 metric 
tons of CO₂e divided by processed inputs. Processed inputs include 
feedstocks, primarily crude and NGLs, processed in operated global 
Refining, Excel Paralubes and NGL fractionators. Product-related 
intensity is calculated as Scope 3 from Use of Sold Products metric 
tons of CO₂e divided by total products produced. Total products 
produced include all refined petroleum products, combusted and not 
combusted by the end user, and NGLs fractionated at our operated 
assets. Products moved through pipelines and terminals are excluded.
13 Environmental events are those that result in an exceedance of the 
permit or regulatory-based numeric emissions limit, or a significant 
release of hydrocarbon or chemical. The count is of events that require 
immediate agency notifications.
14 Spills represent liquid hydrocarbons from operating assets that reach 
land or water and are >1 bbl.
15 In 2022, 90% of the volume is from one incident (Midstream) where 
over 70% of the hydrocarbons were recovered and the remaining is 
managed locally through our Remediation Team.
16 Spills beyond secondary containment; includes free product recovered; 
does not include remediated soil.
17 Midstream liquid hydrocarbon spills outside primary containment.
18 Includes free product recovered; does not include remediated soil.
19 Refining only.
20 Freshwater is defined as water that has low salinity – usually less 
than 0.1% (local legal definitions vary). The reported value includes 
freshwater used as once-through cooling water. Water recycle 
practices are prevalent within Phillips 66, and result in reduced water 
withdrawn. Examples include reuse of intermediate refinery streams 
and optimization of cooling tower and boiler systems to improve 
water use efficiency.
21 The World Resources Institute Aqueduct™ Water Risk Atlas is used to 
identify areas with high water demand or potential for water scarcity 
in the future. Sites are classified as water scarce if withdrawing and 
consuming water in locations with High (40%-80%) or Extremely 
High (>80%) Baseline Water Stress as classified by the Aqueduct™ 
Water Risk Atlas. Water use in water scarce areas is expressed as a 
percentage of the total freshwater use.
22 1,000 bbls of water per 1,000 bbls of processed inputs.
23 Water consumed is primarily due to evaporative losses (e.g., operation 
of cooling towers). 
24 Water that has been treated to meet National Pollutant Discharge 
Elimination System permits.
25 For more information on Waste Management, see page 46.
26 Includes Refining, Midstream and Lubricant facilities.
27 Consists of both hazardous and non-hazardous waste streams, 
including refinery process catalyst captured for metals reclamation.
28 E-waste recycled includes all electronic-waste avoiding landfills by 
being refurbished or recycled.
29 Soybean oil, canola oil and corn oil, used cooking oil and tire pyrolysis oil.
30 Total combustion energy is imported electricity, site-generated electricity 
(cogeneration plants), fuel consumption and imported steam for all 
operated assets.
31 Electricity exported to the grid and third parties from cogeneration 
plants at our refineries.
32 Power consumed is from imported electricity and site-generated 
electricity from cogeneration plants.
33 Energy Intensity ratio for operated assets. 
34 Data are based on inspection frequency requirements in 49 CFR 
195.452. The plan covers 19.3% of hazardous liquid pipelines.  
Non-regulated pipelines are excluded.
35 Active and operated pipelines near ecologically sensitive areas as 
defined by Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 
(PHMSA). Pipelines may not actually intersect or cross sensitive areas.
36 Data represents our global workforce and includes Sentinel 
Transportation, LLC, unless otherwise noted.
37 U.S. workforce.
38 Retention rate of high performers is based on voluntary resignations.
39 Schools include primary, secondary, trade, technical and universities.
82
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONAL UNIT OF MEASURE 2020 2021 2022 EIC MAPPING**
Net Income (loss) US $ (MM) (-$302) $395 $1,056
Gross Throughput - Total Thousand BOE  848,934  784,309  809,109 1.2
Gross Throughput - Gathering & Boosting1 Thousand BOE  352,881  333,257  342,629 1.2
Gross Throughput - Processing² Thousand BOE  312,285  274,142  277,924 1.2
Gross Throughput - NGL Logistics³ Thousand BOE  182,860  175,255  186,667 1.2
Gross Throughput - NG Storage⁴ Thousand BOE  906  1,656  1,889 1.2
Methane Throughput - Gathering & Boosting metric tons  24,891,559  23,601,155  24,033,324 1.2
Methane Throughput - Processing metric tons  22,290,358  19,546,460  19,660,086 1.2
Mile of Pipeline - Total mile  57,481  52,584  51,453 1.3
Mile of Pipeline - Gas Gathering & Transmission Pipelines mile  54,056  49,193  48,155 1.3
Mile of Pipeline - NGL Pipelines mile  3,425  3,391  3,298 1.3
Number of gas processing plants count  39  35  36 
Number of compressors count  1,335  1,410  1,419 
Carbon Accounting Basis for Data Operational/Equity/Financial Operational Operational Operational 1.4
ENVIRONMENT UNIT OF MEASURE 2020 2021 2022 EIC MAPPING
Hydrocarbon Releases
Number of hydrocarbon spills >1 bbl count  47  36  53 
Aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl bbls  676  428  984 
Volume of hydrocarbon spills recovered > 1 bbl bbls  235  179  96 
Number of accident releases and non-accident releases 
(NARs) from rail transportation count 0 0 0
Number of hydrocarbon liquid releases beyond secondary 
containment > 5 bbl count  18  12  14 2.1
Volume of hydrocarbon liquid releases beyond secondary 
containment > 5 bbl bbl  596  353  816 2.2
Hydrocarbon Liquid Releases Intensity per Mile of Pipeline bbl/mile  0.010  0.007 0.000 2.3
Volume of hydrocarbon spills in Arctic bbls 0 0 0
Volume of hydrocarbon spills in Unusually Sensitive 
Areas (USAs) bbls 0 0 0
Environmental fines and penalties8 US $ $148,359  $957,700  $3,651,560 
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with federal pipeline and 
storage regulations
US $ $0 $0 $0
Number of reportable pipeline incidents count  7  3  8 
Percent of reportable pipeline incidents that 
were significant % 43% 66% 50%
Number of environmental agency inspections count  49  70  68 
Percentage of natural gas and hazardous liquid 
pipelines inspected % 22% 22% 43%
Emissions
Gross global Scope 1 emissions metric tons CO2e  7,865,410  7,361,525  7,593,583 
Gross global Scope 1 emissions percentage covered under 
emissions-limiting regulations % 0% 22% 21%
Gross global Scope 1 emissions percentage from 
methane emissions % 13% 16% 15%
DCP Midstream Performance Data
83
DCP MIDSTREAM PERFORMANCE DATA

UNIT OF MEASURE 2020 2021 2022 EIC MAPPING
Air emissions of the following pollutants: NOx (excluding 
N2O), SOx, particulate matter (PM10), H2S, and volatile 
organic compounds (VOCs)⁵
NOx (excluding N2O) metric tons  18,914  16,435  17,316 2.9
SOx metric tons  2,612  1,871  1,760 2.10
Particulate Matter (PM10) metric tons  568  564  614 
H2S metric tons  60  37  41 
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) metric tons  11,349  10,270  10,358 2.11
Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2) - Total metric tons CO2e  8,663,939  7,975,324  8,223,097 2.4
Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2) - NG Gathering, 
Processing, Storage metric tons CO2e  8,443,503  7,829,643  8,014,835 2.4
Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2) - NGL Logistics metric tons CO2e  220,436  145,681  208,262 2.4
Scope 1 GHG Emissions - Total⁶ metric tons CO2e  7,865,410  7,361,525  7,593,583 2.4.1
Scope 1 CO2 Emissions - Total metric tons  6,842,398  6,191,370  6,473,644 2.4.1.1
Scope 1 Methane Emissions - Total metric tons CH4  36,430  41,694  39,897 2.4.1.2
Scope 1 Methane Emissions - Gathering & Boosting metric tons CH4  31,082  32,442  32,555 2.4.1.2
Scope 1 Methane Emissions - Processing metric tons CH4  5,006  8,980  6,968 2.4.1.2
Scope 1 Nitrous Oxide Emissions - Total metric tons N2O  11  10  11 2.4.1.3
Percent of Scope 1 emissions that are methane % 13% 16% 15% 2.4.1.4
Scope 1 GHG Emissions - EPA9 metric tons CO2e  7,882,375  7,310,685  7,556,365 2.4.2
Scope 1 CO2 Emissions - EPA metric tons  7,008,782  6,383,120  6,686,275 2.4.2.1
Scope 1 Methane Emissions - EPA metric tons CH4  34,812  36,982  34,677 2.4.2.2
Scope 1 Nitrous Oxide Emissions - EPA metric tons N2O  11  10  11 2.4.2.3
Scope 2 GHG Emissions⁷ metric tons CO2e  798,529  613,799  629,515 2.4.3
Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2) Intensity per 
Thousand BOE- Total
metric tons 
CO2e/Thousand BOE  10.2  10.2  10.2 2.5
Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2) Intensity per 
Million MMBTU Wellhead Volume
metric tons 
CO2e/Million MMBTU  4,233  4,126  4,138 
Scope 1 Methane Emissions Intensity per ONE 
Future Methodology
Scope 1 Methane Emissions Intensity per ONE Future 
Methodology - Transmission and Storage Sector %  Not 
Meaningful 
 Not 
Meaningful 
 Not 
Meaningful 2.6.1
Scope 1 Methane Emissions Intensity per ONE Future 
Methodology - Processing Sector % 0.022% 0.046% 0.035% 2.6.2
Scope 1 Methane Emissions Intensity per ONE Future 
Methodology - Gathering and Boosting Sector % 0.125% 0.137% 0.135% 2.6.3
Scope 1 Methane Emissions Intensity per ONE Future 
Methodology - Production Sector %  No Assets  No Assets  No Assets 2.6.4
Does the company have a greenhouse gas emissions 
reduction target? Yes/No  No  Yes  Yes 2.8
Does the company participate in an external emissions 
reduction program? Yes/No
 Yes; 
The Env 
Partnership, 
EPA NG 
STAR 
 Yes; 
The Env 
Partnership, 
EPA NG 
STAR 
 Yes; 
The Env 
Partnership, 
EPA NG 
STAR 
2.7
Emissions reduction initiatives Yes/No  Yes  Yes  Yes 
Total miles driven Miles  26,731,065  24,174,426 26,445,900 
% of electricity used that is renewable %  Not 
Reported 
 Not 
Reported 
 Not 
Reported 2.12
Did the company bank GHG reductions from Carbon 
Capture and Storage Projects? Yes/No  Not 
Reported 
 Not 
Reported 
 Not 
Reported 2.13
Does the company seek third party data verification for any 
environmental metrics? Yes/No  No  No  No 2.14
Asset Diversification and Biodiversity
Does the company participate in any efforts to expand 
the share of alternative/renewable energy sources in the 
company’s portfolio? If yes, please provide links to ESG 
reports, webpages and other disclosures as support.
Yes/No  No  No  No 2.15
Does the company have a biodiversity policy or 
commitment for new and existing assets? Yes/No  Yes  Yes  Yes 2.16
DCP Midstream Performance Data
84
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

UNIT OF MEASURE 2020 2021 2022 EIC MAPPING
Safety
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) - employees count  0.44  0.33  0.57 3.1
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) for major growth 
projects - contractors count  0.19  0.33  0.09 3.2
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) - GPA Midstream 
Division 1 count  0.65  0.55  0.61 
Days away, restricted or transferred (DART) - employees count  0.32  0.25  0.53 3.3
Days away, restricted or transferred (DART) for major 
growth projects - contractors count  Not 
Tracked 
 Not 
Tracked 
 Not 
Tracked 3.4
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) - employees count  All in DART  All in DART  All in DART 3.5
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) for major growth projects 
- contractors count  Not 
Tracked 
 Not 
Tracked 
 Not 
Tracked 3.6
Fatalities - employees count 0 0 0 3.7
Preventable Vehicle Accident Rate count  1.05  0.91  1.06 
Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate count  0.20  0.29  0.20 
Fatalities - contractors count 0 0 0 3.8
Workforce
% workforce that is female % 15% 15% 15% 3.10
% workforce from minority groups (EEOC defined) % 22% 23% 25% 3.11
% workforce covered under collective 
bargaining agreements % 1% 1% 1% 3.12
Number of employees count  1,837  1,788  1,910 
Employees birth year 1997-2021 count  10  18  35 
Employees birth year 1981-1996 count  752  746  857 
Employees birth year 1965-1980 count  657  644  676 
Employees birth year 1964 and earlier count  418  380  342 
Employee engagement survey response rate % 76% 78%  N/A 
Number of new employee hires count  121  160  329 
Voluntary employee turnover rate % 6.6% 7.9% 8.6%
Total employees with a job change count  129  134  134 
Employee matching gift donations US $ $58,471 $139,635 $130,429
Inclusion & Diversity Initiatives Yes/No  Yes  Yes  Yes 
Mentorship Programs Yes/No  Yes  Yes  Yes 
Does the company seek third party data verification for any 
social metrics? Yes/No  No  No  No 3.13
Stakeholders
Does the company have an indigenous engagement policy 
or commitment for new and existing assets? Yes/No  No  No  No 3.9
Community investment total giving $  $1,022,886  $1,240,933  $1,533,152 
SOCIAL UNIT OF MEASURE 2020 2021 2022 EIC MAPPING
DCP Midstream Performance Data
85
DCP MIDSTREAM PERFORMANCE DATA

DCP MIDSTREAM PERFORMANCE DATA NOTES
1 Based on metered throughput of natural gas received at wellhead  
meter locations.
2 Based on metered throughput of natural gas received at gas plant inlet 
meter locations. 
3 Based on metered throughput of NGL delivered into the NGL pipelines.
4 Based on metered throughput of natural gas injected into  
storage caverns.
5 DCP Midstream reports emissions of conventional pollutants (NOx, 
SOx, PM10, H2S, VOC) as submitted via state emission inventory 
requirements, supplemented with conventional pollutant emissions 
for facilities which are not subject to state emission inventory 
requirements.  
6 See "How DCP Midstream Calculates Emissions" for a description of 
the calculation methodology for Scope 1 emissions and the difference 
between EIC 2.4.1 and EIC 2.4.2. DCP Midstream uses IPCC Fifth 
Assessment (AR5) global warming potentials. 
7 DCP Midstream uses the location-based method for calculating  
Scope 2 emissions and uses IPCC Fifth Assessment (AR5) global  
warming potentials.
8 Uptick in environmental fines due to a consent decree to settle a  
2019 EPA enforcement action against certain facilities in Colorado.  
9 Due to the acquisition of the James Lake gathering system in 2022, 
EPA Scope 1 emissions includes January-December of James Lake 
emissions due to EPA reporting rules. Non-EPA Scope 1 emissions 
includes September-December only due to ownership timeline.  
* Governance data omitted due to ongoing structural changes in 2022.
** Energy Infrastructure Council (EIC) is a non-profit trade association, 
and in collaboration with GPA Midstream released the Midstream ESG 
Reporting Template. Each metric is mapped to this template  
and associated definitions.
HOW DCP MIDSTREAM CALCULATES EMISSIONS
DCP Midstream has developed and uses an emission 
calculation protocol intended to align with the EIC 
Midstream ESG Reporting Template, which is based 
upon the principles noted in the World Resources 
Institute (WRI) Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard & Scope 2 Protocols. When implementing 
the calculation protocols, there are tradeoffs between 
these principles, and we strike a balance between these 
principles. For example, we may find that achieving a 
more complete inventory requires the use of, in some 
instances, less precise data. Over time, DCP Midstream 
endeavors to improve data accuracy and completeness.
DCP Midstream calculates and reports GHG emissions 
using two methods:
1. USEPA GHG Reporting Program required 
methodologies, for covered Scope 1 emissions.
2. EIC Midstream ESG Reporting Template for Scope 
1 and Scope 2 emissions. GHG emissions using this 
calculation methodology are reported under the 
SASB and EIC reporting frameworks.
Three of the key differences between these calculation 
methods are:
• DCP Midstream’s implementation of the EIC 
calculation protocol is more inclusive than the 
USEPA Reporting Program methodology, adding 
Scope 1 GHG emissions from sources such as:  
1) heaters, boiler and reboilers rated at less than 
5 MMbtu/hr fuel consumption, 2) maintenance 
related venting, 3) nitrogen vent at National Helium 
Gas Plant, and 4) DCP Midstream vehicle fuel use.
• For the EIC calculation protocol, DCP Midstream 
uses the IPCC 100-yr AR5 Global Warming 
Potentials (GWP), while the EPA Reporting 
Program mandates the use of IPCC 100-yr AR4 
Global Warming Potentials. Use of the 100-yr AR5 
GWP results in an increase of 12% for methane 
CO2e emissions and a reduction of 11% for nitrous 
oxide CO2e emissions, when compared to results 
using the 100-yr AR4 GWP.
• For DCP Midstream’s Antrim Gas Plant, we report 
all CO2 from the acid gas removal units under 
the U.S. EPA GHG Reporting Program. However, 
approximately 63% of the CO2 is transferred to a 
third party for enhanced oil recovery operations 
and DCP Midstream does not report the transferred 
CO2 as being emitted under the EIC methodology. 
The scope of DCP Midstream’s reported GHG 
emissions includes:
• We report GHG emissions for facilities that DCP 
Midstream has operational control, regardless of 
ownership percentage. DCP does not report for 
facilities in which it has an ownership position but 
does not operate.
• DCP Midstream reports GHG emissions of carbon 
dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4) and nitrous oxide 
(N2O). DCP Midstream does not have notable 
emissions of fluorocarbon GHGs (HFC, PFC, SF6).
• Scope 1 emissions are reported and include direct 
facility emissions plus, for the WRI methodology, 
emissions from fuel combustion in company  
owned vehicles.
• Scope 2 emissions are reported in alignment 
with the WRI methodology and include indirect 
emissions from purchased power to operate our 
facilities, inclusive of CO2, CH4, and N2O.
• Scope 3 emissions, such as emissions related to 
employee business travel or commuting, are not 
reported at this time.
86
PHILLIPS 66  2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

• DCP Midstream also calculates and reports 
methane emission intensity aligned with the ONE 
Future methodology, which represent methane 
emission intensity as a ratio of metrics tons of 
methane emitted per metric tons of methane 
throughput. When calculating our methane 
intensity, DCP Midstream does not remove the 
methane emissions based upon the natural gas 
liquids ratio, as described by the ONE Future 
protocol. DCP Midstream feels the total methane 
emission profile is most representative of  
our operations.
For conventional air emissions, we report emissions  
for facilities that DCP Midstream has operational 
control, regardless of ownership. We do not report 
emissions for facilities in which DCP Midstream has  
an ownership position but does not operate.  
DCP Midstream follows required and accepted 
practices for calculating emissions submitted to 
state emission inventories programs. Depending on 
data availability, DCP Midstream uses the generally 
accepted hierarchy listed here to calculate source 
emissions. The calculation hierarchy is listed from  
most accurate to least accurate.
1. Continuous emissions monitoring system (CEMS) 
or predictive emissions monitoring system (PEMS)
2. Stack-test data
3. Portable-analyzer test data
4. Vendor-supplied emissions factors
5. AP-42 and other EPA-approved factors
6. Material balance
7. Engineering calculation
8. Other estimation method
Specific calculation requirements vary from  
state-to-state for emission inventory reporting. 
For this Sustainability Report, DCP Midstream 
reports emissions of conventional pollutants as 
submitted via state emission inventory requirements, 
supplemented with conventional pollutant emissions 
for facilities which are not subject to state emission 
inventory requirements.
Phillips 66®, Conoco®, 76®, Kendall®, Red Line®, JET® and their respective logos are registered trademarks of Phillips 66 Company or a wholly owned 
subsidiary. Other names and logos mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. Printed or other electronic copies are uncontrolled 
and for reference only. This document may not be reproduced without the permission of Phillips 66.
23-0054_2  2023 © Phillips 66 Company. All rights reserved. 
87
DCP MIDSTREAM PERFORMANCE DATA

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  
This report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, including statements regarding our corporate responsibility matters, including plans, 
goals, targets, aspirations, commitments, strategies, or expectations with respect to political engagement, lobbying, philanthropy, suppliers and 
procurement, environmental sustainability (including the 2030 and 2050 GHG emissions intensity reduction targets), data privacy, cybersecurity, 
and business transformation, as well as statements from third parties about our ESG performance and risk proﬁle, statements about our future 
ﬁnancial performance and business. Words and phrases such as “aim,” “is anticipated,” “is estimated,” “is expected,” “is planned,” “is scheduled,” “is 
targeted,” “believes,” “continues,” “intends,” “will,” “would,” “objectives,” “goals,” “projects,” “eﬀorts,” “strive,” “seek,” “endeavor,” “strategies” and 
similar expressions are used to identify such forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is 
not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements included herein are based on management’s expectations, estimates and projections as of the 
date they are made. These statements are not guarantees of future performance or promises that any such goals, targets, plans, initiatives, 
projections, prospects, aspirations, commitments, strategies, or expectations set forth in this report can or will be achieved, and you should not 
unduly rely on them as they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are diﬃcult to predict and often beyond our 
control. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may diﬀer materially from what is expressed or forecast in such forward-looking statements. 
Factors that could cause actual results or events to diﬀer materially from those described in the forward-looking statements include: the eﬀects of 
any widespread public health crisis and its negative impact on commercial activity and demand for reﬁned petroleum product; the inability to 
timely obtain or maintain permits necessary for capital projects; changes to worldwide government policies relating to renewable fuels and GHG 
that adversely aﬀect programs like the renewable fuel standards program, low carbon fuel standards and tax credits for biofuels; the pace of 
technological advances advancements and industry innovation, including those focused on reducing GHG emissions and advancing other 
climate-related initiatives, and our ability to take advantage of those innovations and advancements; our ability to identify and execute 
opportunities, including through the positioning and optimization of our assets, including the use of alternative or renewable fuels; our ability to 
eﬃciently and economically reduce the carbon intensity of our operations; ﬂuctuations in NGL, crude oil, and natural gas prices, and petrochemical 
and reﬁning margins; changes in costs for constructing, modifying or operating our facilities; diﬃculties in manufacturing, reﬁning or transporting 
our products; the level and success of drilling and production volumes around the companies’ assets; risks and uncertainties with respect to the 
actions of actual or potential competitive suppliers and transporters of reﬁned petroleum products, renewable fuels or specialty products; lack of, 
or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for NGL, crude oil, natural gas, and reﬁned products; potential liability from litigation, 
regulatory matters or for remedial actions, including removal and reclamation obligations under environmental regulations; failure to complete 
construction of capital and other projects on time and within budget; the inability to comply with governmental regulations or make capital 
expenditures to maintain compliance; limited access to capital or signiﬁcantly higher cost of capital, including due to illiquidity or uncertainty in 
the domestic or international ﬁnancial markets; potential disruption of operations due to accidents, weather events, including as a result of climate 
change, terrorism or cyberattacks; general domestic and international economic and political developments; changes in governmental policies 
relating to NGL, crude oil, natural gas, reﬁned petroleum products, or renewable fuels pricing, regulation or taxation, including exports; changes in 
estimates or projections used to assess fair value of intangible assets, goodwill and property and equipment and/or strategic decisions with 
respect to our asset portfolio that cause impairment charges; investments required, or reduced demand for products, as a result of environmental 
rules and regulations; changes in tax, environmental and other laws and regulations (including alternative energy mandates); the operation, 
ﬁnancing and distribution decisions of equity aﬃliates we do not control; stakeholder engagement; and other economic, business, competitive 
and/or regulatory factors aﬀecting our businesses generally as set forth in our ﬁlings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). 
Phillips 66 is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise.
In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements, and standards of measurement and performance, are 
developing and based on assumptions that are subject to change, which may impact current or historical goals, targets, aspirations, commitments, 
or estimates; diligence, internal controls, and processes that continue to evolve; and data, certiﬁcations or representations provided or reviewed by 
third parties, including information from acquired entities that is incomplete or subject to ongoing review, or has not yet been integrated into 
Phillips 66's reporting processes. 
The information included in, and any issues identiﬁed as material for purposes of, this report shall not be considered material for SEC reporting 
purposes. In the context of this document, the term “material” is distinct from, and should not be confused with, how such term is deﬁned for SEC 
reporting purposes.  
WEBSITE REFERENCES AND HYPERLINKS 
Website references and hyperlinks throughout this report are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not 
incorporated by reference into this document, nor does it constitute a part of this document. We assume no liability for any third-party content 
contained on the referenced websites.