Corporate Sustainability Report 2022
People First. Energy Forward.

Our frameworks
Our sustainability report is prepared using the 
Global Reporting Initiative’s (GRI) Standards and 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol (GHG Protocol) as the 
foundation of our report. We also provide reporting 
indices for the Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Sustainable 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Oil & Gas 
Services Industry Standard–Extractives & Minerals 
Processing Sector.
About this report
Accessibility and usability
This report delivers enhancements designed to  
improve usability:
• Audio features narrate the report for the visually 
impaired, readers with dyslexia, or other reading 
impairments. The expansion of the color palette 
supports accessibility for visually impaired readers.
• QR codes provide access to closed captioned 
videos which augment report content, benefiting 
the deaf and hard of hearing communities.
Reports and policies: 
Our archived reports and policies are accessible on  
our website. 
On the cover: Manufacturing Shop Operators in Industrial & 
Energy Technology, Florence, Italy  
From the left: Lorenzo Giaccari, Giulia Rovai, Fadia Mansouri,  
Eleonora Smorti, Nosa Bill Izekor

Our purpose
We take energy forward– 
making it safer, cleaner, and 
more efficient for people and 
the planet.
Who we are
We are an energy  
technology company. Grow 
See challenge as opportunity 
and learn every day.
Collaborate 
Inspire, be inclusive, and bring 
out the best in each other.
Care 
Do the right thing, always, for our 
customers, our people, and the 
environment.
Lead 
Make, invent, and perform 
with impact.
Our values
Sustainability vision
To be a sustainable pioneer 
in everything we do, 
positioning Baker Hughes as 
the future energy technology 
company of choice.

4     Baker Hughes
A letter from our Chief Executive Officer 6
A letter from our Chief  
Sustainability Officer 8
2022 by the Numbers 10
Figure 1-1: Business segments performance 11
About Baker Hughes 14
Table 2-1: Direct and indirect economic 
impacts (million USD) 17
Sustainability at Baker Hughes 24
Figure 3-1: Sustainability strategy driven by 
cross-functional engagement and 
best practice 26
Figure 3-2: Our strategy framework 27
Figure 3-3: Materiality assessment 29
People 34
Figure 4-1: Total employees by region 37
Figure 4-2: Employees by gender, age, seniority, 
and job function 37
Figure 4-3: Voluntary attrition 42
Figure 4-4: New hires 43
Figure 4-5: Reimagine Recruitment highlights 43
Figure 4-6: Our employee value proposition 43
Table 4-1: Percentage of employees receiving 
annual performance and career 
development review 44
Figure 4-7: Employees receiving annual 
performance and career 
development review 44
Table 4-2: Leadership program participation 47
Figure 4-8: Our leadership programs 47
Table 4-3: Average hours of training 48
Figure 4-9: Women at Baker Hughes 50
Table 4-4: Diversity snapshot 50
Figure 4-10: Employee resource groups 51
Table 4-5: Community contributions 54
Figure 4-11: Increasing our volunteer 
engagement 54
Figure 4-12: 2022 Renew highlights 57
Table of contents

Baker Hughes     5
Planet 58
Figure 5-1: Total scope 1 and 2 emissions  
by year 62
Table 5-1: Scope 1 and 2 emissions by year 62
Table 5-2: Scope 1 emissions breakdown 62
Figure 5-2: Total electricity used in 2022 63
Table 5-3: Energy use by category 63
Figure 5-3: Number of product life cycle 
assessments 2021 v. 2022 65
Table 5-4: Scope 3 emissions 67
Figure 5-4: Waste volume 71
Table 5-5: Waste volume 71
Table 5-6: Waste diverted from disposal by 
recovery operation 71
Table 5-7: Waste prevented from disposal 71
Table 5-8: Waste directed to disposal by 
disposal operation 71
Table 5-9: Water use 73
Table 5-10: Water use in water-stressed areas 73
Table 5-11: Water conservation and 
management assessment 75
Table 5-12: Spill volume 79
Principles 80
Figure 6-1: Board of Directors oversight 
of environmental, social and 
governance matters 89
Appendix 98

6     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President, and 
Chief Executive Officer
Last year, the global energy map was 
redrawn, resulting in a complex energy 
market and a challenging macro 
environment. There was a renewed focus 
on energy security, sustainability, and 
affordability – “the energy trilemma”-
and balancing the pace of energy 
transition. These forces have presented 
an opportunity for Baker Hughes to help 
our customers on their sustainability 
journeys and allow us to renew our focus 
on operational excellence to better 
support the needs of the energy industry 
well into the future.
In 2022, we continued to accelerate 
our business strategy to fully capitalize 
on the opportunities that lie ahead, 
drive increased shareholder value, and 
build a world-class energy technology 
company. In September 2022, we 
announced a strategic transformation 
for Baker Hughes by restructuring into 
two simplified business segments 
– Oilfield Services & Equipment and 
Industrial & Energy Technology – offering 
an integrated portfolio of solutions that 
we believe are best served for energy 
and industrial customers. We believe 
that focusing on these two business 
areas will better position our Company 
by enhancing flexibility, improving 
commercial and operational execution, 
and providing long-term optionality.
Our realignment and strong progress 
were underpinned by our sustainability 
strategy. Our vision is to be a sustainable 
pioneer in everything we do, positioning 
Baker Hughes as the energy technology 
company of choice. Through our existing 
corporate sustainability framework – 
known as People, Planet and Principles – 
we have continued to support the United 
Nations (UN) Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDG) and to move beyond 
pledges to weave sustainability more 
deeply in our culture. We are taking 
action to advance our net-zero journey, 
and I am proud of our accomplishments 
since first setting our net-zero emissions 
reduction pledge in 2019. Together, our 
business and sustainability strategies 
empower us to take energy forward 
- making it safer, cleaner, and more 
efficient for people and the planet.

Baker Hughes     7
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Our strategic transformation in 
2022 highlights sustainability as 
one of our core differentiators
People
Our talented people continued to 
be industry-leading subject matter 
experts, taking energy forward in the 
most sustainable way. People are at 
the heart of taking energy forward, 
and we strengthened our employee 
value proposition to attract the best 
talent from around the globe to lead 
in the energy transition. I am proud of 
the recognition that we achieved this 
year for our collaborative learning and 
development programs, as well as our 
diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives. 
We increased our contributions to the 
communities where we operate, as 
part of our charitable giving, further 
demonstrating how our actions continue 
to drive our progress and impact.
Planet
We continue to pioneer low- to zero-
carbon energy solutions for our 
customers and minimize our own 
operational footprint. Since we first 
made a commitment to achieve net-
zero carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) 
emissions by 2050, we have achieved 
a 28% reduction in our scope 1 and 
scope 2 emissions in 2022, compared 
to our 2019 baseline year. We remain 
committed to emissions reduction, but 
have also set new, ambitious internal 
targets to reduce our scope 3 emissions, 
embed circularity into our products’ 
lifecycles, and preserve biodiversity in 
our areas of operation.
Principles
Our culture is built on health and safety, 
compliance, integrity, and quality. We 
remain steadfast in upholding the 
highest standards in these areas. We 
have taken proactive and preventative 
measures to protect our employees 
and foster a culture guided by these 
principles.
I am confident in our ability to advance 
our sustainability journey and proud 
of our accomplishments this year. We 
continue to put our people first, minimize 
our environmental impact, and drive a 
strong culture of integrity and safety in 
support of a sustainable future.
Lorenzo Simonelli 
Chairman, President, and Chief 
Executive Officer

8     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
At Baker Hughes, sustainability means 
operating in a principled way to minimize 
environmental impact and maximize 
social benefits by providing affordable, 
sustainable, and secure energy for 
people and the planet. We do this for 
ourselves and our customers.
Even in the wake of a global energy 
security crisis, ongoing geopolitical 
conflict, and shifting markets we 
remained deeply committed to 
operating in a responsible and 
sustainable way. Across our business, 
sustainability has been a key lever, 
transforming the performance of our 
Company and our industry.
Assessing our key strategic priorities
We conducted a detailed materiality 
assessment – an important listening 
exercise from our internal and external 
stakeholders – to strategically align on 
key priorities with the highest business 
impact and stakeholder importance, to 
guide our sustainability strategy, while 
mitigating potential risk. This biennial 
assessment helped to inform our 
strategic priorities while providing an 
opportunity for deep engagement with 
50+ key internal stakeholders.
Our work was foundational in developing 
strategic priorities that support our 
commercial strategy through more 
sustainable operations.
Turning risks into opportunities
With climate change as an increasing risk 
to our Company and the world, we worked 
to identify physical and transition risks to 
our Company throughout our value chain. 
In 2022, we expanded our quantitative 
climate change scenarios and 
incorporated this analysis into our mid- 
and long-range planning. In addition, 
our innovative portfolio of technologies 
and solutions in carbon abatement, 
along with clean power generation, 
energy efficiency and electrification, 
offer us a key competitive advantage in a 
climate-constrained world.
All In. Carbon Out.
Launched in 2021, Carbon Out is a 
company-wide initiative to take CO2e 
out of our operations and meet our 
pledge to achieve net zero by 2050. 
This program — which provides tools, 
a framework, funding, and resources 
— has empowered our people to 
systematically contribute to reducing 
our CO2e emissions and focus on more 
sustainable operations.
In 2022, we expanded our internal 
Carbon Out network to focus on 
identifying and funding projects that 
will reduce our CO2e emissions. These 
projects are key to achieving our carbon 
reduction commitments and reducing 
our environmental impact throughout 
our entire business. We continued to 
advance our understanding of our value 
chain emissions and set an internal 
scope 3 emissions reduction goal.
Delivering value with a sustainable, 
collaborative culture

Baker Hughes     9
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Allyson Anderson Book
Chief Sustainability Officer
Transparency and quality of data
As one of the first energy companies to 
make a public net-zero commitment, 
it is crucial for Baker Hughes to model 
leadership in sustainability performance. 
We continuously improved how we track, 
measure, govern, control, and report 
our sustainability performance data. 
We expanded the reach of our data 
controllership consistent with the best 
accounting practices. In addition, we 
expanded the third-party assurance 
of our sustainability metrics this year, 
which included reasonable assurance 
of all scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions and 
limited assurance of our scope 3 CO2e 
emissions, waste, and human capital 
metrics.
Progress powered by our people
Getting to a lower-carbon state as 
a society is perhaps the existential 
challenge of our time, and we believe 
that it will be driven by our people. 
Throughout this report, you will read 
about how our employees continue 
to live through our values to be more 
sustainable - whether to support 
diversity and inclusion, taking carbon 
out of our operations, or volunteering for 
environmental causes.
The efforts of our employees have not 
gone unrecognized, as the Company 
and individuals received numerous 
industry recognitions and sustainability 
awards in 2022.
In the spirit of inclusion, one 
achievement I am particularly proud 
of this year is making this sustainability 
report easier to access by readers of all 
abilities. We have been intentional about 
putting people first and ensuring no one 
is left behind. Through the use of visual 
aids, special colors, designs, and closed 
captioning for any linked audiovisual 
content, this report will be accessible to 
those hard of hearing, deaf, or visually 
impaired.
We trust you will find this year’s report 
informative and easy to follow. If 
you have questions or comments 
about our reporting or our approach 
to sustainability, I encourage you to 
reach out to me or a member of our 
leadership team.
Allyson Anderson Book
Chief Sustainability Officer

10     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Technology and innovation
$556M 
 Spent on research 
and development
2,200+
Patents granted 
$400M+ 
        New Energy orders
$21.2B 
 Revenue
$26.8B 
 Orders
Economic impact
2022 by the numbers

Baker Hughes     11TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Figure 1-1: Business segments performance
Two business segments
OFSOFE
Oilfield Services & 
Equipment (OFSE)
Industrial & Energy 
Technology (IET)
TPS DS
OFSE Segment — Revenue TY 22 IET Segment — Revenue TY 22
$2.2B
Subsea & Surface  
Pressure Systems
$3.6B
Production Solutions
$3.6B
Completions, Intervention  
and Measurement
$3.9B
Well Construction
Gas Technology
$2.6B
Equipment
$2.4B
Services
$0.5B
Condition Monitoring
Industrial Technology
$1.0B
Inspection
$0.8B
Pumps, Valves, Gears
$0.6B
Precision Sensors & 
Instrumentation
Marco Soldino | Massa Plant Testing Engineer, Industrial & Energy Technology

12     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
People
Planet
Principles
Enterprise security 
personnel trained in 
human rights policies 
or procedures
100%217
Perfect HSE Days
Reduction in 
scope 1 and 2 CO2e 
emissions from our 
2019 baseline
28% 10
Scope 3 categories 
reported with limited 
assurance
26%
Electricity sourced 
from zero-
emission sources
57K+
Metric tons of 
waste recycled
~55K
Total employees, 
with more than 
42,000 of our 
employees working 
outside the U.S.
>150
Nationalities 
represented
2022 by the numbers
Greta Mandarino | Planner, Custom Stator Cell, Industrial & Energy Technology

Baker Hughes     13TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Awards & recognition
AA ESG rating
500 ESG Index in May 
2022
B rating
Best place to work by Ally 
Energy GRIT Awards 2022
#6 on Fortune's Modern 
Board 25 list as one of 
the most innovative 
boards of directors 
among S&P 500 
companies.
The World’s Top 
Female-Friendly 
Companies 2022 by 
Forbes - #209
#1 in Customers for 
Energy Equipment & 
Services by JUST Capital

14     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
About  
Baker Hughes
16 Company overview
17 Strategy and vision
18 Our business transformation
19 Innovation and collaboration
20 Key acquisitions, investments, and partnerships
22 Our values and culture

Baker Hughes     15TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Fadia Mansouri | Shop operator, Flow Machining Cell, Industrial & Energy Technology

16     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
“As the world faces the ‘energy 
trilemma’ of achieving energy security, 
affordability, and sustainability, we 
know that Baker Hughes has a clear role 
to play — our purpose of taking energy 
forward, making it safer, cleaner, and 
more efficient for people and the planet, 
has never been more relevant.” 
Lorenzo Simonelli
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Company overview
Baker Hughes Company (“Baker Hughes,” “the Company,” 
“we,” “us,” or “our”) develops and deploys technologies to 
help meet the world’s increasing demand for energy.  
By harnessing the power of engineering, data, and science, 
we are redefining what is possible and ushering in a  
new era for energy.
As a company of global scale, local know-how and 
commitment to service, we conduct business in over  
120 countries. Our products and services serve the upstream, 
midstream/liquified natural gas (LNG), and downstream 
sectors of the oil and gas industry, as well as broader 
chemical and industrial segments.
Design in Progress
We deliver through our two business segments: 
Oilfield Service & Equipment (OFSE) and Industrial & 
Energy Technology (IET). Our two business segments 
are organized based on the nature of our markets 
and customers and consist of similar products and 
services and growth profiles. More detail can be found 
on page 18.

Baker Hughes     17TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
• Invest for growth: As we build a 
more diversified energy and industrial 
business with energy technology at its 
core, we believe we are well positioned 
to more aggressively pursue growth 
in industrial sectors, including energy, 
where we see more resilience and 
better operating performance. We 
will leverage our existing strengths, 
portfolio, and technology positions 
to provide solutions to serve these 
growth sectors.
• Position for new energy frontiers: As 
the energy landscape continues to 
change, we are evaluating the key 
growth areas associated with energy 
transition and where Baker Hughes 
can capitalize on these opportunities. 
We will pursue strategic bets that 
leverage our core competencies 
and expertise today, and where 
we believe we can achieve a 
differentiated position in the future.
Person name, and job
Design in Progress
In 2022, we developed a sustainability 
strategy which underpins our broader 
commercial strategy and serves as our 
roadmap to embed people, planet, and 
principles into our business, positioning 
Baker Hughes as the energy technology 
company of choice.
Economic impact
We take our responsibility to power 
global and local economies seriously. 
As a provider of technology and 
services, we are a critical part of the 
world’s energy infrastructure, and we 
believe in lowering barriers to accessing 
clean, affordable energy for everyone, 
everywhere.
Baker Hughes generated a direct 
economic value of $21,156 million in 
revenue in 2022. That economic value 
was distributed to a wide variety of 
global stakeholders as outlined in the 
chart in Table 2-1.
Table 2-1: Direct and indirect economic impacts (million USD)
2020 2021 2022
Revenues $20,705 $20,502 $21,156
Operating costs $36,683 $19,192 $19,971
Payments to providers of capital 1 $1,033 $1,488 $1,862
Payments to governments (net cash tax payments) $441 $314 $498
Total charitable contributions $119 $45 $75
1  Calculated as the sum of Dividends on Class A Shares, Distributions to GE, share repurchases, and Interest Payments.
Strategy and vision
Baker Hughes is guided by our purpose 
to take energy forward — making it safer, 
cleaner, and more efficient for people 
and the planet. We recognize that our 
products and services are essential to 
meeting the world’s growing energy and 
industrial needs now and in the future.
Our corporate strategy is focused on 
transforming our core to strengthen our 
competitiveness today, while investing 
for growth and positioning for new 
frontiers in the energy transition.
Through this framework, we will  
continue to build and execute a plan 
to deliver sustainable value for our 
shareholders and stakeholders based 
on three key pillars:
• Transform the core: Over the past two 
years, we have been transforming our 
core product companies by improving 
our core competitiveness – including 
improving segment margins and cash 
flow, while also adjusting our portfolio 
to focus on higher return businesses.

18     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Our business transformation
As the world sought to rebalance energy supply, we 
accelerated our corporate strategy and began simplifying our 
structure to better navigate the evolving market and capitalize 
on emerging growth opportunities.
We have been transforming our solutions portfolio by 
expanding our low-carbon technology portfolio and prioritizing 
emissions abatement considerations in our corporate strategy. 
Our strategy is not only focused on financial and operational 
excellence. It is also heavily focused on sustainability 
leadership to enable us to deliver on our promises.
From four product companies to 
two business segments
In October 2022, we moved from four product 
companies to two business segments that drive 
a more simplified and focused organizational 
structure. Our two business segments are organized 
based on the nature of our markets and customers 
and consist of similar products and services and 
growth profiles.
Industrial & Energy Technology 
(IET)
Our IET organization brings together an incredible 
amount of expertise, technologies, and services, 
creating a portfolio of powerful technologies and 
solutions. Our focus is on supporting industrial and 
energy customers, driving industrial productivity, 
and enabling a reliable, efficient, net-zero energy 
system.
Oilfield Services & Equipment 
(OFSE) 
The combination of Oilfield Services and Oilfield 
Equipment into OFSE enhances our opportunity 
to become the premier upstream partner for 
our customers. We continued to deepen and 
strengthen customer relationships by bringing 
together our products and services, offering more 
comprehensive solutions aligned to their evolving 
needs.
The complementary nature of our businesses 
means that on day one, we have the scale to 
impact the industry — and Baker Hughes’ results. 
Together, our teams continue to create efficiencies 
that improve the speed of decision-making, 
sharing, and scaling best practices across our 
entire organization.
In October 2022, 
we moved from 
four product 
companies to 
two business 
segments

Baker Hughes     19TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Innovation and 
collaboration
Innovation is foundational to our 
purpose and is more important than 
ever in today’s dynamic market. Thanks 
to the relentless passion and dedication 
of our engineers, scientists, digital 
experts, and inventors, we can proudly 
say we are leaders not only in our 
traditional OFSE markets, but also in the 
IET space. To accelerate our progress, 
we pursued innovation through in-house 
research and development, as well as 
external investment and collaborative 
partnerships. We made strategic 
investments in transformative solutions 
that drive growth for Baker Hughes and 
our customers.
Our research and development 
activities were directed primarily toward 
the development of new products, 
services, technology, and other 
solutions, as well as the improvement 
of existing products, services, and 
the design of specialized products 
to meet specific customer needs. 
We continued to invest across both 
business segments in products to 
enhance safety, develop capability, 
improve performance, and reduce costs 
aligned with our operational strategy. 
Through our Technology Centers, we 
also invested heavily in fundamental 
technologies such as materials, additive 
manufacturing, sensing, artificial 
intelligence/machine learning, and 
other digital technologies such as 
computer vision, data science, and 
edge computing.
In 2022, we invested $556 million in 
research and development and were 
granted more than 2,200 patents
In OFSE, we continued to fund a range of 
formation evaluation capabilities, as well 
as drilling, completions, and production 
hardware. Our focus is expanding 
capability into deeper water, longer 
well offsets and at higher subsurface 
pressures, as well as modular designs 
that allow for simpler and more digitally 
integrated well and field systems.
In IET, we continued to invest and 
develop foundational technologies that 
enable a transition to a low-emission 
global economy. 
Such technologies include advanced 
materials, advanced manufacturing 
technologies, novel process 
technologies, and digital technologies 
such as advanced sensing and 
diagnostics, data sciences, and artificial 
intelligence. Within Gas Technology, 
we focus on our latest generation of 
gas turbines for energy efficiency and 
reduced carbon footprint such as 
our LM9000 and Nova LT products, as 
well as Allam Cycle turboexpander, 
carbon capture, utilization, and storage 
(CCUS), and hydrogen and geothermal 
technologies.
Within IET, we invested in advanced 
digital solutions designed to improve 
the efficiency, reliability, and safety of 
oil and gas, aerospace, energy, and 
broader industrial production and 
operations. This includes our Orbit 60 
Bently Nevada product for critical asset 
monitoring in turbine systems, including 
wind, hydro, and gas turbines. The IET 
segment is enhancing its process and 
safety valve business, bringing new 
digital applications including analytics 
to our customers. Investments also 
include technologies to measure, 
monitor, and minimize CO2e emissions, 
new inspection technologies for 
nondestructive evaluation of materials 
and structures, and solutions for 
industrial asset management.
Many of our innovative products were 
highlighted by industry leaders including 
the European Geothermal Energy 
Council (EGEC) and World Oil.
EGEC
Ruggero Bertani European Geothermal 
Innovation Award 2022 — Corrosion 
Resistant Podded Electrical Submersible 
Pump and Completion System
World Oil Awards (Finalist)
• Best Digital Transformation Award - 
ProductionLink™ Edge Smart Artificial 
Lift Automation Solution
• Best EOR (enhanced oil recovery) 
Technology Award - PermaFLO™ Solid 
Inhibitor Particles
• Best Oilfield Fluids and Chemicals 
Award - DELTA-TEQ™ XT
• Best Production Technology Award - 
Sandstone Divert with Breaker D
• Best Well Intervention Award - 
X-treme™ WindowMaster™ Whipstock 
System
• New Horizons Idea Award - i-Trak™ 
Automated Reservoir Navigation 
Service

20     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Key acquisitions, 
investments,  
and partnerships
We continued to invest in advanced 
technologies that augment our core 
business offering. These acquisitions and 
investments have helped to drive near-
term growth in revenue and orders while 
positioning us long-term to capitalize 
on high-potential growth opportunities 
across multiple markets. They also 
ensure that we have the technological 
capability to drive reductions of CO2e in 
the energy and industrial sectors. Our 
strategic investments and acquisitions 
targeted emerging energy technologies 
to advance CCUS, hydrogen, net-zero 
power and e-fuels solutions.
Acquisitions
• Qi2 Elements, a designer and 
manufacturer of advanced robotic 
sensor systems that inspect, assess, 
and monitor the integrity of critical 
energy infrastructure. Qi2 Elements 
extended Baker Hughes asset 
inspection technology offering across 
a wider range of critical customer 
equipment, including pipelines and 
storage tanks.
• AccessESP, a leading provider of 
advanced technology for artificial 
lift solutions to further transform 
core oil and gas operations by 
reducing costs and downtime for 
operators. AccessESP’s “GoRigless 
ESP System” provides proprietary 
solutions that enable an electrical 
submersible pump to be deployed 
and retrieved with conventional, 
light-duty intervention equipment 
(e.g., wireline, coiled tubing, or well 
tractor) without the need for a rig or 
requiring the well production tubing 
to be pulled.
• Mosaic Materials, focused on 
developing a proprietary direct air 
capture technology using metal-
organic framework materials that 
can be used to separate CO2 from 
gas mixtures across a variety of 
applications. Mosaic enhances our 
carbon capture, utilization, and 
storage portfolio, enabling direct air 
capture with higher efficiency and 
lower total cost of ownership.
• Quest Integrity, a global leader 
in the development and 
delivery of technology-enabled 
asset inspection and reliability 
management solutions across the 
pipeline, refining, petrochemical, 
and power generation sectors. This 
complements our existing asset 
integrity offerings and will support 
customers with the delivery of 
actionable insights on a broader 
range of industrial infrastructure.
Investments and partnerships
The path to sustainable energy 
production requires focused 
collaboration with our industrial partners 
to mature promising early technologies 
to scaled demonstrations and 
commercial offerings.
• Greenfire Energy, the newly 
combined Baker Hughes-Greenfire 
Energy offering, brings the first 
integrated Advanced Geothermal 
Systems solution to the market. 
Together, the companies plan to 
expand geothermal resources 
development by retrofitting both 
existing non-producing geothermal 
and oil and gas wells to closed-
loop heat producing wells for 
power generation and direct use 
applications.
• NET Power, Baker Hughes has joined 
a strategic partnership with and 
invested in NET Power to advance 
the technical and commercial 
deployment of NET Power’s low-cost, 
electric power system that generates 
no atmospheric emissions and 
inherently captures all CO2.
As an energy technology company,  
our vision is to be a sustainable pioneer 
in everything we do, positioning Baker 
Hughes as the future energy technology 
company of choice.

Baker Hughes     21TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Kristen Curry | Lead Engineer - Water Team, Oilfield Services & Equipment

22     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Collaborate
Inspire, be inclusive, and bring 
out the best in each other.
What does it mean to 
collaborate?
• Instill trust
• Communicate openly
• Manage conflict
• Value difference
• Partner with communities
Grow
See challenge as opportunity 
and learn every day.
What does it mean to grow?
• Learn continually
• Be adaptable
• Manage ambiguity
• Be resilient
Why it matters
The energy transition will present 
scenarios we have yet to imagine. By 
embracing a growth mindset, we will be 
ready to adapt and win.
Why it matters
Collaboration sits at the heart of our 
efforts to transform the core, invest for 
growth, and position for new frontiers. 
Without collaboration, we will not survive 
through the energy transition. 
Our values and culture
At the core of who we are is a strong set of values that guide our behavior. Our values provide a 
simple, memorable, and action-orientated way of expressing our culture. As a result, we have a 
culture of performance, inclusion, safety, and integrity. Read more about how we’re bringing these 
cultural attributes to life in the following People, Planet, and Principles sections. 
Cristina Renzini | ASPIRE Associate  
Field Service Leadership Program,  
Industrial & Energy Technology

Baker Hughes     23TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Care
Do the right thing, always, for our 
customers, our people, and the 
environment.
Lead
Make, invent, and perform 
with impact.
What does it mean to lead?
• Cultivate innovation
• Empower others
• Be accountable
• Deliver results
What does it mean to care?
• Focus on the customer
• Develop others
• Practice sustainability
• Own integrity
• Be responsible for safety, 
quality, and compliance
Why it matters
Customers are looking for strategic 
partners as they move forward through 
the energy transition. Our people, our 
innovative solutions, and our consistent 
delivery will differentiate us against 
competitors.
Why it matters
Every day, people choose to work with 
Baker Hughes because they know we 
care. Our dedication to our people, our 
customers, and the environment, along 
with our relentless focus on doing the 
right thing, make us a company like no 
other. 
Our values are how we 
show up every day, what 
we believe in, and how 
we activate our purpose 
and strategy - fueling our 
transformation.

24     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Sustainability  
at Baker Hughes
26 Our sustainability strategy
28 Materiality assessment
30 Stakeholder engagement

Baker Hughes     25TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices

26     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Our sustainability strategy
In 2022, the oil and gas macroeconomic environment 
continued to be dynamic. We believe the world’s reliance on 
hydrocarbons will not disappear, and oil and gas will continue 
to remain relevant in meeting global energy demand while 
moving the world to a lower carbon economy. Despite an 
increase in fossil fuel use in some parts of the world, the 
energy transition continued to accelerate, with governments 
and society focused on reducing CO2e emissions while trying 
to balance energy security, sustainability, and affordability.
At Baker Hughes, sustainability starts with our people. 
Our people are central to our purpose of taking energy 
forward. Only with a true culture of sustainability will our 
people be empowered to make sustainable choices, tackle 
the hardest challenges, and take positive action for the planet.
That is why we developed a comprehensive sustainability 
strategy which serves as our roadmap to embed people, 
planet, and principles into the fabric of how we do business, 
positioning Baker Hughes as the energy technology company 
of choice. Only by linking our culture of sustainability to how we 
solve the biggest challenges can we deliver on our promises.
Strategy Development
We applied a rigorous process to identify risk, benchmark 
ourselves across multiple industries, and key in on the areas 
that really matter — or are important — to our Company and 
our stakeholders.
The following processes helped to inform our sustainability 
strategy:
• Benchmarking: By identifying the most relevant topics, we 
were able to develop both short- and long-term strategies 
that better position us to buffer risks, catalyze opportunities, 
and create value for our shareholders.
• Materiality assessment: Our sustainability strategy is 
aimed at addressing issues identified as being most 
important to our business through our materiality 
assessment. The identified issues were viewed as an 
interconnected ecosystem that required an integrated 
strategy designed to embed sustainability within existing 
business processes and the overall business strategy.
This information advised the development of our sustainability 
framework outlined in Figure 3-2, which was constructed to 
create social, environmental, and economic value with the 
focus on driving investment and performance. The results of 
our benchmarking analysis and materiality assessment were 
aligned with our existing framework driven by three focus 
areas: People, Planet, and Principles.
We then articulated six main goals that serve as the backbone 
of our strategy which will help us to achieve our long-term 
vision. These goals have and will continue to provide the 
framework and subsequent activities to drive sustainable 
operations at Baker Hughes.
Our 12 objectives articulate how our purpose-driven focus 
areas are linked to the most pressing issues identified by 
internal and external stakeholders. These objectives were 
developed to urge specific actions that will drive sustainable 
operations at Baker Hughes and at our customer sites.
Figure 3-1: Sustainability strategy driven by cross-functional engagement and best practice
Benchmarking Sustainability 
strategy
Internal stakeholder 
engagement
11
48
50+
20+
cross-industry  
companies were 
selected
ESG topics 
assessed for each 
company
subject matter 
experts were 
engaged across the 
business segments
workshops and deep 
dives
public commitments  
set across our focus 
areas
driven by 30+ key 
initiatives
25 
30+

Baker Hughes     27TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Figure 3-2: Our strategy framework
Our strategic outcomes were defined to help us measure our own 
performance as we work to deliver on our objectives and goals for 
People, Planet, and Principles.
OUR GOALS HOW WE WILL DELIVER SUCCESS HOW WE WILL MEASURE SUCCESS
People
1. Attract, retain, and 
develop a diverse 
workforce of the future
• Increase women and people of color representation  
year-on-year (YOY)
• Retention parity across under-represented groups
• Best-in-class talent management and acquisition
• Achieve top quartile inclusion index rating annually
• Track diverse supplier spend
• Track spend to support global communities
• YOY increase in employee volunteer hours
• Company-wide engagement plan aimed at driving  
habits of sustainability
2. Actively engage 
our people and our 
communities
Planet
1. Pioneer low carbon 
energy solutions to 
deliver value for our 
customers
• Reduce scope 3 emissions by 2033
• YOY increase R&D funded by external sources 
• BH positioned early and recognized as key technology 
provider
• Reduce scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions by 50% by 2030
• Complete life cycle assessments for the >95% emissions 
intensive products by 2026
• Complete proactive strategic policy framework for all 
growth areas
• Reduce spills at our sites
• Reduce usage in water-stressed sites by 2030
• Reduce waste to landfill by 2030
• Assess 100% of sites for biodiversity risk by 2030 and 
implement risk management programs for high-risk sites
2. Champion 
environmental 
stewardship and 
minimize our footprint
Principles
1. Drive a culture of 
transparency and 
integrity - doing the 
right thing beyond 
compliance
• 100% of targeted personnel trained annually on 
human rights policies and procedures 
• Specialized human rights training completed for >80%  
SSRP auditors and sourcing by 2025
• Process to record, track, and monitor human rights 
grievances in place Q1 2024
• Total Recordable Incident Rate <0.3
• All Perfect HSE Days
• Active suppliers assessed for environmental criteria every 
three years
• 90% of Supplier Social Responsibility (SSRP) audit red-flag 
findings closed within 90 days
• 90% completion rate for SSRP planned audits
• 80% of suppliers agreeing to BH Integrity Guide by 2030
2. Take energy forward 
responsibly with 
integrity and 
transparency
1. Attract, retain, and 
develop a diverse 
workforce of the future
2. Actively engage 
our people and our 
communities
1. Pioneer low carbon 
energy solutions to 
deliver value for our 
customers
2. Champion 
environmental 
stewardship and 
minimize our footprint
1. Drive a culture of 
transparency and 
integrity - doing the 
right thing beyond 
compliance
2. Take energy forward 
responsibly with 
integrity and 
transparency
By applying input from internal and external stakeholders and 
engaging subject matter experts from across our business segments, 
our vision, goals, and outcomes are aligned to buffer risk and  
catalyze opportunity.
• Enable our partners to thrive  
in a low-carbon world
• Become a Net-Zero business 
by 2050
• Reduce spills and report  
them transparently
• Minimize the resources we use
• Ensure we attract, retain, and 
develop diverse talent
• Commit to progress on  
diversity, equity, and inclusion
• Engage with communities in  
which we live and work
• Embed sustainability as 
everyone’s responsibility
• Champion compliance  
and ethics
• Ensure sustainable 
governance
• Uphold the highest health, safety, 
and environment standards 
• Strive for principled, diverse, and 
inclusive supply chains

28     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Materiality assessment
As the world has continued to change, so too have 
the priorities of our stakeholders. Our structured 
materiality2 assessment provided a critical foundation 
for our sustainability strategy and helped us ensure 
the developed strategies are aligned to the issues that 
have an impact on and relevance to our business, 
communities, and planet.
2  The terms "material" and "materiality" are used in the context of each respective ESG standard and do not imply financial or legal materiality.
Our approach to the materiality assessment
Our annual materiality assessment was conducted using best 
practices and aligned to the most widely recognized reporting 
frameworks, such as the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). Our processes 
assessed our peers and customers in the energy technology 
sector, reporting landscapes, and global trends. We then collected 
qualitative and quantitative data through engagement with 
customers, investors, employees, trade associations, and think 
tanks. After the survey data was collected, follow-up interviews 
were completed and analyzed. We utilized the best practice to 
position topics relative to the degree of stakeholder interest and 
potential business impact on the following materiality matrix.
Miranda Gomes, Chemicals Training Manager  
Diego Paz, Drilling Completion Fluids Technical Training Manager

Baker Hughes     29TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
Focus on the 
areas that matter 
(Internal Input)
Focus on the  
areas that matter  
(All Stakeholders' Input)
Focus on the 
areas that matter 
(External Input)
People
1. Attracting, retaining,  
& developing talent
2. Collaboration with academia  
& non-governmental 
organizations
3. Community impact
4. Diversity, equity, & inclusion
5. Employee benefits & well-being
6. Employee engagement
7. Just transition principles
8. Stakeholder engagement
9. Supplier diversity
Baker Hughes ESG Materiality (2022)
Planet
10. Air & greenhouse gas (GHG) 
reduction
11. Biodiversity impact
12. Circular economy & waste 
management
13. Climate-related risks
14. Energy transition strategy
15. Publicly stated net-zero pathways
16. R&D investment to accelerate energy 
transition
17. Product emissions
18. Renewable energy sourcing
19. Water management
Principles
20. Corporate governance
21. Cybersecurity & data protection
22. ESG reporting & transparency
23. Ethics & compliance
24. Geopolitical climate
25. Global health emergency response
26. Green investments
27. Health, safety, & environment 
management
28. Human rights & modern slavery 
29. Labor rights
30. Physical security
31. Sustainable supply chain
Figure 3-3: 
Materiality 
assessment
IMPORTANCE TO STAKEHOLDERS
BUSINESS IMPACT Higher
Higher
LowerLower

30     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Stakeholder engagement
Leading Conversations
Hear CEO Lorenzo Simonelli discuss the role of 
hydrocarbons in the future.
In November 2022, Baker Hughes attended the 
27th United Nations Climate Change Conference 
(COP27) in Sharm El-Sheikh, Egypt, to foster direct 
dialogue with governments and develop a further 
ecosystem of partnerships, commercial opportunities, 
and sustainability programs. Baker Hughes’ deep 
engagement in COP27 highlighted our industry 
leadership and commitment to a sustainable future.
• Digital Climate Alliance
• European Geothermal Energy Council
• Geothermal Rising
• Global Carbon Capture and Storage 
Institute
• Hydrogen Council
• Hydrogen Europe
• IEA Greenhouse Gas Research and 
Development Program
• International Geothermal Association
• International Labor Organization
• International Association of Oil and 
Gas Producers
• International Renewable Energy 
Agency
• Ipieca
• Keystone Policy Center
• Long Duration Energy Storage 
Council
• National Association of 
Manufacturers
• National Petroleum Council
• Oil and Gas Climate Initiative
• Offshore Energies UK
• Resources for the Future
• The Nature Conservancy
• United Nations Environmental 
Program 
• World Cement Association
• World Resources Institute
Stakeholder engagement allows us 
to collaborate and build coalitions 
with organizations that help advance 
our strategic goals and objectives. 
We established relationships with 
groups and entities aligned with our 
purpose, strategy and values, corporate 
commercial and sustainability 
strategies, and policy positions. Active 
participation in associations, think 
tanks, consortiums, and academic 
partnerships across our businesses and 
geographies helps us gain valuable 
insights and the impactful presence 
needed to be an industry leader for a 
lower-carbon future.
We worked with several key 
organizations including:
• American Fuel and Petrochemical 
Manufacturers
• American Petroleum Institute
• Confindustria

Baker Hughes     31TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Geothermal engagement
In June 2022, our leadership attended 
the European Commission’s second 
meeting of the Clean Energy Industrial 
Forum (CEIF), speaking on behalf of the 
members of the European Geothermal 
Energy Council.
The high-level meeting brings together 
European clean energy industry 
leaders representing the full spectrum 
of the EU’s clean energy industry to 
discuss how to improve European 
industrial competitiveness.
The CEIF focused on the recently 
announced REPowerEU plan, which 
included permitting reforms to speed 
up approvals for clean energy projects 
across the EU. Our team offered three 
concrete actions that the Commission 
could take to build on these reforms 
and accelerate geothermal 
deployment across Europe.
We engage with trade associations 
such as the European Geothermal 
Energy Council, Geothermal Rising, 
Society of Petroleum Engineers, 
and the International Geothermal 
Association.
Our ongoing energy transition 
policy work and global government 
advocacy are vital to shaping the 
energy and climate policies that will 
define tomorrow’s energy systems.
Alessia Becco | Quality Coordinator Module Construction 
Avenza Plant, Industrial & Energy Technology

32     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
STAKEHOLDER FORMS OF ENGAGEMENT FREQUENCY EXAMPLE ENGAGEMENT
Customers Global, regional, and local industry 
events, forums, and conferences. 
Proprietary Company events and 
meetings. 
Partnerships and working groups to 
advance best practices.
Our senior leaders and 
commercial teams 
actively participate in 
hundreds of customer 
events and meetings 
across the globe. 
We launched the Wells2Watts consortium with 
Continental Resources, INPEX, and Chesapeake Energy 
Corporation, with support from technology providers, 
including Vallourec and GreenFire Energy, to explore 
technology for converting and retrofitting oil and 
gas wells for geothermal energy, revitalize dry non-
productive geothermal wells, and develop greenfield 
opportunities for geothermal renewable electricity 
production. With industry partners, this collaboration 
looks to accelerate technology development and 
commercially scale geothermal as a baseload energy 
supply.
Investors Via public quarterly earnings calls, 
annual shareholder meeting, executive 
meetings, and presentations. 
Outreach program led by our Investor 
Relations group, the Corporate 
Secretary’s Office, and Executive 
Compensation Team. 
We inform our investors 
and analysts about our 
operations formally 
on a quarterly and 
annual basis, as well as 
proactively engage in 
year-round integrated 
outreach, to monitor 
developments in 
corporate governance 
and sustainability. 
Please see our Investor Relations website for additional 
information on engagements in 2022.
Employees We engage with employees through 
town hall meetings, interactive 
online forums, and People Leader 
engagement. Thousands of employees 
belong to Employee Resource Groups, 
many with senior leader sponsors. 
Our CEO also meets regularly with the 
Employee Pulse Group. 
We exchange ideas 
and feedback with our 
employees across a wide 
array of communications 
channels weekly, monthly, 
quarterly, and annually. 
Employee engagement on sustainability is outlined in 
the People section, on page 54-55.
Communities Civic engagement through economic 
development groups, chambers 
of commerce, and related forums. 
Collaboration and social investments 
where we operate and in support of 
broader society.
We have ongoing dialogue 
with community partners 
on charitable projects and 
planning for employee 
volunteerism. 
Community engagements are outlined in the People 
section, on page 53-55.
Stakeholder engagement channels
This chart illustrates our systems and processes for engaging with a wide variety of internal and external stakeholder groups.

Baker Hughes     33TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
STAKEHOLDER FORMS OF ENGAGEMENT FREQUENCY EXAMPLE ENGAGEMENT
Governments Formal and informal bilateral meetings 
with public officials at all levels of 
government. Lobbying and other 
direct engagement in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Given the breadth and 
scope of our industry and 
the global footprint in which 
we operate, Baker Hughes 
senior leaders across our 
operations engage with at 
all levels of government on 
a regular basis. 
We became a founding supporter of the HALO Hydrogen 
Hub in 2022, a three-state coalition to pursue hydrogen 
development funding from the U.S. Department of 
Energy. We are working with governments, academia, 
community stakeholders, and customers to help create 
the infrastructure, technology, and policy needed to 
grow hydrogen as a zero-emissions fuel source. 
Policy 
groups and 
associations
Membership participation across the 
globe. Working groups, committees, and 
public-private partnership activities 
in industry groups and associations. 
Leadership and committee positions 
that extend and strengthen 
organizational capabilities. 
Our participation in 
industry groups includes 
monthly, quarterly, and 
annual meetings, events, 
and engagement to 
advance best practices 
and policy positions. 
Ipieca is the global oil and gas association for 
advancing environmental and social performance 
across the energy transition. In addition to a seat on 
the executive committee and multiple workstreams, we 
contributed to the COP27 Task Force and participated 
in an Ipieca industry panel at COP27 in Egypt to discuss 
technology and innovation needs for a net-zero future. 
Ipieca was also a guest speaker for our internal Let’s Talk 
Sustainability webinar series, where Ipieca shared their  
focus on social and environmental industry priorities in 
line with our strategy.
Universities, 
institutions, 
and NGOs
Connections, collaborations, and 
partnerships on a variety of shared 
business, industry, social, and 
environmental interests globally.
We participate in 
multiple opportunities 
to collaborate with 
institutions and 
organizations on public 
policy, regulations, 
technology roadmaps, 
and a variety of research 
projects. 
The European Geothermal Energy Council (EGEC) 
promotes the European geothermal industry and 
enables its development both in Europe and worldwide 
by shaping policy, improving business conditions, and 
driving research and development. We increased our 
engagement and participation in 2022 by being elected 
to the Board of Directors and sponsoring EGEC’s 2022 
annual conference. 
Public policy and working with governments
Public policy can have a significant effect on our business 
and therefore, we believe it is in our best interest and 
that of our stakeholders that our perspective informs 
the development of relevant public policies. Senior 
leaders across our operations engage with public 
officials at all levels of government. Our participation 
in the policymaking process is subject to an extensive 
framework of applicable laws and Company policies that 
demonstrate our commitment to integrity when engaging 
with government officials.
As stated in our public Lobbying Activity Policy, we may, 
from time to time, contribute to candidate or issue 
committees and other political organizations as generally 
authorized by our Board of Directors and consistent with 
applicable laws. We do not currently utilize a Political Action 
Committee. On an annual basis, the Governance and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee reviews all corporate 
political contributions, as well as all nondeductible 
portions of payments in excess of $50,000 made to trade 
associations. We publicly report information regarding our 
advocacy activities and political contributions. For the 2022 
reporting year, we did not make any political contributions.

34     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
People
35  Performance snapshot
36  Our people
40  Our People strategy
42  Attract, retain, and develop diverse talent
49  Commit to progress on diversity, equity, and inclusion
53  Engage with communities in which we live and work
56  Embed sustainability as everyone’s responsibility
Sherry Ann Neverson | Performance Optimization Manager, Oilfield Services & Equipment

Baker Hughes     35TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
This dashboard represents our progress on key performance indicators over time. We continue to improve our reporting by 
establishing quantitative goals and performance metrics that contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).
SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITY KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 3 2020 2021 2022
Attract, retain, and 
develop diverse talent
# of employees completing professional development planning with their manager4 30,906 32,239 45,454
% of voluntary employee attrition 5.8 8.1 8.6
# of employees participating in leadership development programs5 438 393 527
Average hours of training per employee* - 17 37
# of employees that were entitled to parental leave** - - 50,283
# of U.S. employees that took parental leave** - - 300
# of U.S. employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following leave** - - 237
Commit to progress on 
diversity, equity, and 
inclusion
% of employees who identify as women in workforce 18.2 18.8 19.1
% of employees who identify as women in Senior Professional Band and  
above (SPB+) 17.0  18.1  18.6
% of Board of Directors who identify as women 33.0 33.0 33.0
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color (PoC) 35.6 35.8 36.1
% of U.S. employees who identify as people of color (PoC) in Senior Professional Band 
and above (SPB+)* - 31.6 32.1
% of people of color (PoC) in the U.S. who identify as women* - 25.0 24.6
% of women in STEM roles* - 11.2 12.1
Engage with 
communities
Total charitable contributions (million USD) $119 $45 $75
Volunteer service hours 7,161 16,905 27,181
*New 2021 metric, **New 2022 metric
3 The key performance indicators should be read in connection with Appendix B - Statement and Notes on Selected People Metrics and the glossary of terms.
4 The 2022 number includes Annual Priority Setting discussion, which was not counted in previous years. 
5 Programs include ASPIRE, IMPACT, CULTIVATE, and ASCEND. More information found on page 47. 
People  
performance snapshot

36     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
55K+
employees
At Baker Hughes, we’re shaping the future of 
energy—and that future belongs to all of us.
Our people
As of December 31, 2022, we have approximately 
55,000 effective employees in 89 different 
countries. Operating across so many markets 
provides a diverse set of global perspectives 
making our Company stronger, more resilient, and 
more responsive to our global customers.
Among this employee base, our teams represent 
a vast diversity of skills, backgrounds, and cultures. 
This enables us to further our goals and values.
We value difference in gender, race, ethnicity, age, 
gender identity, sexual orientation, ability, cultural 
background, religion, veteran status, experience, 
thought, and more across the globe.
We celebrate the diversity and uniqueness of each 
employee and believe that everyone has the right 
to be treated with fairness, dignity, and respect. 
Unique ideas and perspectives fuel innovation and 
our differences make us stronger.
Together, we are taking energy forward.
89
countries
Interview With Nicole Durham
6  Undeclared is an option in Workday and represents someone that selected Undeclared as their gender. 
7  No gender selected represents someone that did not select any option under Gender category in Workday.
8  Remaining employees in RCIS region are assisting in the Russia wind down or supporting regional customers outside of Russia

Baker Hughes     37TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Gender
6818
5,828
1,006
Age
Seniority Function
Men
43,535
Women
10,554
Undeclared6
1,140
Over 50
11,274
Under 30
5,606
30-50
38,352
Executive 
Band and 
above 
employees 
(EB+)
639
Senior 
Professional 
Band and above 
employees 
(SPB+)
8,944
Technical 
10,389
Other
1,183
Enabling
6,583
Production
32,112
Commercial
4,968
Figure 4-2: Employees by gender, age, seniority, and job function
 Figure 4-1: Total employees by region
9,486
14,080
7,081
No gender 
selected7
6
17,073
No age selected
3

38     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Overall, we did not see a major 
fluctuation in our workforce in the 
last year. We have full-time roles, 
representing 98.7% of our total 
employees. We offer part-time working 
arrangements in certain circumstances 
and regions to meet the needs of our 
employees and local regulations. Refer 
to Appendix B - Statement and Notes 
on Selected People Metrics to find 
the number of employees by gender, 
job function, seniority, age, and other 
breakdowns. By sharing this detailed 
information, you will be able to more 
clearly interpret the data tables found in 
the following section.
In addition to our employees, we 
supplement the skills and people, as 
needed, to react flexibly to business and 
economic requirements. We partner 
with supplier companies that employ 
approximately 24,250 contingent 
workers that fulfill various roles across 
all business segments and regions we 
operate.
Understanding job functions at Baker Hughes
Technical
Encompasses roles that manage technology capabilities 
including technology engineering, project management, 
and software development, among others.
Commercial 
Encompasses roles related to selling or advertising 
our organization including sales, marketing, product 
development, and mergers and acquisitions.
Enabling 
Encompasses roles that enable the success of the 
organization including finance, human resources, legal, 
sourcing, and other support functions.
Production 
Encompasses roles that drive production of our products 
and services including field operations, logistics, 
manufacturing, and client support services.
Other 
Represents roles that haven’t yet been aligned to the other 
job functions at the time of reporting such as legacy roles 
from a merger or acquisition.

Baker Hughes     39TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
of our total employees 
have full-time roles
98.7% 
Alessia Becco and Silvia De Martino
Quality Coordinators  
Industrial & Energy Technology

40     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
People are core to who we are as a Company. Our 
sustainability strategy begins and ends with the 
success of our employees and the communities in 
which we work.
The past year continued to challenge employers 
around the world, and Baker Hughes was no 
exception. Lasting impacts of the pandemic persisted 
and contributed to the Great Resignation. This 
combined with rising living costs and inflation have 
placed new economic pressures on employees and 
communities.
To fully realize our commercial and sustainability 
outcomes, we have two goals and four objectives that 
relate to People. In this section, we discuss our efforts 
to further those objectives in support of our Company, 
our people, and our communities.
Our People strategy
What’s New for 2022
In the following sections, you will read about 
important new actions we’ve taken in the area 
of People and social responsibility, including the 
following key milestones:
• Aligned across the organization on People- 
focused strategic goals.
• Published our inaugural 2021 Diversity, Equity, and 
Inclusion Annual Report.
• Implemented a digital capability program as a 
framework for attracting and developing skill sets.
• Launched new ASCEND leadership development 
program for military officers transitioning to 
civilian life.
• Created new JOURNEY community for developing 
People Leader capabilities.
OUR GOALS HOW WE WILL DELIVER SUCCESS HOW WE WILL MEASURE SUCCESS
People
1. Attract, retain, and 
develop a diverse 
workforce of the future
• Ensure we attract, retain, and 
develop diverse talent
• Commit to progress on 
diversity,equity, and inclusion
• Engage with communities in 
which we live and work
• Embed sustainability as 
everyone’s responsibility
• Increase women and people of color representation  
year-on-year (YOY)
• Retention parity across under-represented groups
• Best-in-class talent management and acquisition
• Achieve top quartile inclusion index rating annually
• Track diverse supplier spend
• Track spend to support global communities
• YOY increase in employee volunteer hours
• Company-wide engagement plan aimed at driving  
habits of sustainability
2. Actively engage 
our people and our 
communities
1. Attract, retain, and 
develop a diverse 
workforce of the future
2. Actively engage 
our people and our 
communities

Baker Hughes     41TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Offshore Energies United 
Kingdom Award for equality, 
diversity, and inclusion.
Houston Business Journal 
“Outstanding Supplier 
Diversity.”
GOLD for “Best use of social/
collaborative learning” and “Best 
unique or innovative learning and 
development program” by The 
Brandon Hall Group. Read more 
on page 48.
‘Smart working award 2022’ in 
Italy for large enterprises for 
being able to implement the most 
innovative and digital working 
methods as part of our Future of 
Work project.
People-specific 
awards
The Alliance 2022 Corporate 
Ambassador Award for supporting 
Afghan refugees.
Left to Right: Ronnie Russell | Engineering Manager, Mechanical Engineering, CTI
Xiaobin (Betty) Huang | Team Leader, Chemical Engineering and Science, CTI
Le (Lola) Dang | Sr Engineering Manager, Customer Application Engineering, CTI

42     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Attract, retain, and 
develop diverse 
talent
There’s nothing more exciting than 
working in an industry at a critical 
point of change. We continue to take 
energy forward, making it safer, cleaner, 
and more efficient for people and the 
planet. We can only achieve that by 
attracting the right people, retaining 
the right skill sets, and developing a 
diverse talent base. These activities 
are interconnected, together driving 
towards our aim of best-in-class talent 
management and talent acquisition.
A very active labor market in 2022 
added complexity in talent retention 
and competitiveness. We utilized this 
opportunity to focus on redefining our 
employee value proposition to underpin 
the needs of a changing workforce 
while the Company undergoes 
transformation. This has led to attrition, 
as well as the hiring of key new talent. 
Despite the intense competition for 
talent, our overall voluntary attrition 
rate increased marginally from 8.1% in 
2021 to 8.6% in 2022. We are proud of 
the concerted efforts outlined in the 
following pages which minimized these 
impacts compared to many other 
employment sectors.
In March 2022, we announced the 
suspension of new investments in Russia 
to comply with applicable laws and 
sanctions. We exited the country upon 
the sale of the Oilfield Services business 
(OFS Russia) in November 2022. As a 
result of the sale, we experienced a high 
attrition rate in the region.
Recent workforce challenges, including 
The Great Resignation, have added 
pressure to organizations on how 
best to attract, retain, and develop 
their workforce. In line with recent 
workplace trends, we felt those impacts 
as well, with women having a slightly 
higher voluntary attrition rate at 9.3%, 
compared to men at 8.5%. People 
under the age of 30 had an attrition 
rate of 15.1%, notably higher than those 
in other age groups. This trend is 
especially detrimental given women 
make up 19.1% of our workforce. While 
there are many reasons causing these 
spikes, we have defined a multifaceted 
approach to achieving retention 
parity among under-represented 
groups, including succession planning, 
capability development, and a refreshed 
employee value proposition.
By Gender
By Age
 Under 30       30 - 50       Over 50
Figure 4-3: Voluntary attrition
3,739
Men Women
974
3,082
858774
Gender 
Undeclared
1

Baker Hughes     43TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Your passion and 
purpose
Your potential, 
our growth
Your vision, our 
innovation
Your individuality, our 
inclusivity
69 
focus groups and 
interviews were 
conducted for Talent 
Acquisition & Onboarding 
gap assessment
96 
pain points were 
identified as process 
inefficiencies and 
technology enablement 
opportunities
38
process 
recommendations and 
technology enablers 
are identified
4 
sprints make up a 
Reimagine Recruitment 
program that is aiming 
towards time to hire 
reduction 
50+ 
of manual activities 
will be automated as 
the result of Reimagine 
Recruitment program
100% 
of candidates will 
experience a new digital 
hiring user experience 
with Baker Hughes
Figure 4-6: Our employee value proposition
Figure 4-5: Reimagine Recruitment highlights 
Attracting key skills 
through our employee 
value proposition
We explored external perceptions 
through social listening tools and 
analyzed data from internal focus 
groups to design a new employee 
value proposition (EVP) that represents 
today’s Baker Hughes. We also 
reimagined our recruitment process 
by implementing key technology 
efficiencies such as applying through 
LinkedIn and interview self-scheduling. 
These enhancements enable a better 
candidate experience while reflecting 
our values.
Figure 4-4: New hires
By Gender
By Age
 Internal candidates hired 
 External candidates hired
Men Women Gender 
undeclared
No gender 
selected
7,182
3,734
2,377
1,247
1,174
1
Under 30 30 -50 Over 50
3,515
6,353
865474
3,702
807
1
Visit the Baker Hughes Careers website to learn more about 
working for Baker Hughes.

44     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Retaining our people by 
investing in our people
Our employees represent valuable 
skills, knowledge, and experiences that 
are uniquely Baker Hughes. To retain 
those perspectives, we must listen to 
our employees. Using an employee 
listening survey platform we regularly 
hear directly from our employees 
and use feedback collected to drive 
localized and tailored engagement and 
career development activities. Through 
informed, customized, and deeply 
tailored activities we can create a place 
where our employees will continue to 
grow, develop, and feel valued for all 
that they bring.
Table 4-1: Percentage of employees 
receiving annual performance and 
career development review9
2022(%)
All employees 75.0
Men 72.8 
Women 84.0 
Gender undeclared 31.0 
Professional band and above  
(PB+) employees 
95.810
Senior Professional band and 
above (SPB+) employees
95.8
Executive Band employees 94.1
PB+ by gender** 
Men 96.0 
Women 95.3 
PB+ by job function** 
Commercial 93.4 
Enabling 95.3 
Production 95.5 
Technical 97.8 
Having regular performance and career 
development conversations enables 
employees to identify ways to build 
key skills and talk about their career 
aspirations. While not all employees 
are required to have a year-end 
review (for example, employees 
hired after October 1), we had 75.0% 
of all employees complete a career 
development touchpoint with their 
manager. Of those required in the 
Professional Band and above, 95.8% 
completed a year-end performance 
and career development touchpoint 
with their manager. These conversations 
act as a catalyst for identifying career 
progression opportunities, and in 2022, 
4,983 open roles were filled with internal 
candidates. Through our strategy we will 
maintain our focus on providing best-
in-class talent management initiatives 
enabling us to retain our employees by 
supporting their career development.
All  
employees
75%
PB+ 
employees 
96%
Figure 4-7: Employees receiving annual 
performance and career development 
reviews
core benefit programs ensuring medical 
and life insurance protections globally. 
We also offer, where feasible, additional 
flexible benefits promoting physical, 
emotional, and financial well-being. 
Read more about our well-being 
strategy in the Principles section on 
pages 96-97.
We work to ensure the competitiveness 
and alignment of these programs 
through regular and robust 
benchmarking with market peers. This 
year, we also completed a living wage 
analysis in the U.S. Outside of the U.S., 
we regularly conduct a detailed wage 
analysis as we develop salary structures. 
These types of analysis will continue 
to be the bedrock of our approach to 
data-driven decision making.
It’s not enough to just collect data. 
That information must be turned into 
action. We decided to offer a minimum 
parental leave of 18 weeks for a 
primary parent and two weeks for a 
secondary parent in all countries where 
we have employees.11 This expanded 
global coverage and leave benefits 
alongside the approved global policy 
changes improve protections and 
ease of utilization for our employees 
at a pivotal moment in their lives. An 
important aspect of the intent behind 
these framework changes includes 
that gender identification does not 
determine the primary or secondary 
parental status for leave eligibility. These 
forward-looking policy changes further 
support our commitment to the security 
and well-being of our employees 
and our desire to foster a diverse and 
inclusive workplace.
The challenging economic market 
has proven that competitive, fair 
compensation and benefit programs 
are crucial to the success of any 
organization. We offer our employees 
We approved a minimum parental leave 
of 18 weeks for the primary parent.
**New 2022 metric
9 Employees who are not Professional Band and above have a different career development review process and are not included in the numerator of this metric.
10  Leadership Training Band is not included in PB+ for 2022 because they follow their own performance management process.
11  The implementation of parental leave policies has and will occur in a phased approach by country in 2023.

Baker Hughes     45TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Highlights of global benefit offerings:
Healthcare plans and life insurance are a core benefit 
and are provided in most locations globally.
Our employee assistance program (EAP) provides 
impartial professional advice in complex life situations 
globally.
Fitness reimbursement program to support health  
and wellness at most of our locations.
Various leave-of-absence options help employees 
achieve higher quality-of-life needs, including family 
care and vacation. 
Personal Illness and Personal Business Leave for non-
exempt and Permissive Leave for exempt employees 
in U.S.
For new mothers in the U.S., we provide on-site 
mother’s rooms at many sites.
We encourage employees to explore ways to better 
balance work and personal life through arrangements 
such as flexible schedules, compressed work weeks, 
hybrid work, remote work, and other options.
12 
Employee stock programs and retirement saving plans 
are available in most locations globally.
Financial assistance to employees pursuing  
formal education through the Tuition Reimbursement 
Program.
13
 
Financial support for U.S. employees who adopt a child.
For additional information on U.S.-specific benefits 
portfolio including retiree benefits offered, visit  
www.bakerhughesbenefits.com/guide.
Federico Sicilia | Packaging Supervisor, Industrial & Energy Technology
12  This policy is applicable to all employees, but individual circumstances 
vary based on local laws and regulations, positions, and job requirements.
13  Offered to eligible employees in Canada, Guyana, Trinidad and Tobago 
and the United States as outlined in program policy.

46     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Building core capabilities
Critical to the execution of our transformation, we have identified 
four differentiating capabilities. In 2022, we built and implemented a 
framework that included key activities to attract, retain, and develop 
the Digital capabilities needed for success. We will continue to replicate 
that framework and process for the remaining three capabilities. 
What are the differentiating capabilities? 
Digital 
Building digital products
Digital capabilities enable us to 
build, sell, and support digital 
products.
Sustainability
Industry-leading solutions for 
cleaner energy
Sustainability capabilities allow 
us to shape, define, and lead 
in sustainable practices and 
products.
Technology
Creating the future of energy
Technology capabilities bring to 
life solutions for more sustainable 
and reliable energy.
Commercial 
Customer-centric solution 
selling
Commercial capabilities focus 
on meeting customer needs 
with solutions-focused offerings.
Career transitions
Jobs must sometimes change or be 
reduced to meet the needs of our 
customers and our dynamic business 
environment.
In the unavoidable event of involuntary 
workforce reductions, we comply with 
local laws and requirements regarding 
notice periods, engagement with works 
councils, and other processes. We 
provide severance payments that meet 
or exceed local requirements and offer 
outplacement assistance and services 
in many locations. We employ forward- 
looking strategic workforce planning 
to anticipate workforce changes 
and attempt to redeploy or retrain 
employees where possible.
Supporting future careers 
through learning and 
development
Shaping the future of energy means 
having the freedom, support, and tools 
for employees to define their career 
path. We offer our people opportunities 
to learn, grow, and develop their skills in 
a fast-moving and global environment.
What is the CORE community?
CORE is a social community and continual, self-directed learning experience 
for any employee keen to develop critical leadership behaviors. It is aligned to 
our values - grow, collaborate, lead, and care - and the behaviors that support 
these values.  CORE was launched in 2021 and has since grown into a diverse 
and inclusive community with 5,000+ members in 69 countries across business 
segments and functions. Employees invested ~17,500 hours towards learning 
through CORE in 2022. 
Right to left: Victor Sampaio Central Reliability Engineer, Gbenga Osunjaye Sr Product 
Management Manager, Nataliya Calahan Central Reliability Engineer, Idil Atalik Sr Manager, 
Technical Product Owner (all Oilfield Services & Equipment)

Baker Hughes     47TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Core leadership programs
Our formal leadership development programs play a pivotal role in providing 
these experiences and building a diverse pipeline of talent within our 
organization. Turning this commitment into action in 2022:
• The number of participants in ASPIRE identifying as women increased by 
25.0% and IMPACT by 77.8%. CULTIVATE remained a program designed 
specifically to develop the employee population that identify as women.
• We launched our newest leadership program in partnership with our military 
veterans - ASCEND. This is a transitional leadership program for military leaders 
retiring from the military and joining the civilian workforce.
• Overall leadership program participation increased by 34.1%.
Learning at Baker Hughes
Our employees have access to more than 70,000 on-demand training 
courses that can be accessed anytime, anywhere. Prioritizing professional 
development, furthering job-related skills, and enhancing technical 
knowledge enables employees to be the architects of their own careers. We 
also regularly offer learning events featuring internal and external experts, 
addressing important topics such as DEI, personal wellness, industry trends, 
leadership behaviors, and more. 
Building onto the pilot conducted in 2021, we continued our efforts to expand 
the CORE communities in 2022. We did this through successfully launching 
a new arm of the community called CORE Strengths which is focused on 
critical skills to help move the Company forward. CORE Strengths focuses on 
such areas as coaching skills, project management, leading change, as well 
as people and data analytics.
Table 4-2: Leadership program 
participation
 2020 2021 2022
ASPIRE 321 243 300
IMPACT 16 21 32
CULTIVATE 101 129 191
ASCEND** - - 4
Total 438 393 527
**New 2022 metric
Figure 4-8: Our leadership programs
ASPIRE
A two-year rotational program for 
recent graduates and early-career 
employees to grow functional and 
leadership skills through challenging 
assignmnets, learning plans, and 
global cross-functional projects. 
IMPACT
A three-year leadership accelerator for 
top performing mid-career employees 
who have already built functional 
expertise and are ready to be 
developed into our executive pipeline. 
CULTIVATE
A one-year non-rotational program 
that fosters the development of high-
potential women leaders through 
immersive learning experiences and 
one-on-one mentoring.
ASCEND 
A two-year program for transitioning 
junior military officers who are seeking 
to launch successful, accelerated, 
post-military careers as leaders and 
innovators within Baker Hughes.

48     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Global Learning team wins two Brandon Hall Excellence 
Awards
The 2022 Brandon Hall Group Human Capital Management 
Excellence Awards are given for work in learning 
and development, talent management, leadership 
development, talent acquisition, human resources, sales 
performance, diversity, equity, inclusion, and the future  
of work.
Our Learning and Development team has won two gold 
Brandon Hall awards for its Living Baker Hughes’ Values 
through the CORE community:
• GOLD for “Best use of social/collaborative learning”
• GOLD for “Best unique or innovative learning and 
development program”
In addition to expanding CORE, we launched the JOURNEY 
community, our new community for People Leaders. 
JOURNEY is a social community and self-directed 
learning experience dedicated to helping People Leaders 
understand themselves, build relationships, develop strong 
teams, and help shape vision and strategy to prepare our 
organization for the future.
Table 4-3: Average hours of training
 2022 14
All employees 37
Men 39
Women 30
Gender undeclared 6
By seniority
Professional Band and above employees 24
15
Senior Professional Band and above 
employees 17
Executive Band employees** 12
By business segment 
IET employees** 18
OFSE employees** 51
Headquarter employees** 18
By job function
Commercial** 16
Enabling** 20
Production** 51
Technical** 18
Other employees** 5
**New 2022 metric
Ilaria Cabona | Lead Project Engineer, Gas Solutions 
Project Engineering, Industrial & Energy Technology
We will remain focused 
on attracting, retaining, 
and developing our talent, 
underpinning all that we do. 
14  In 2021, we calculated the average training hours by 
aggregating the number of completions then multiplying it by 
5 hours to estimate the hours spent on learning. In 2022, we 
are more specifically representing hours by using estimated 
duration field in the learning management system for each 
respective course. Where the duration field is blank/empty we 
used the median duration hours of the Activity Type.
15  Leadership Training Band is not included in PB+ for 2022.

Baker Hughes     49TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Commit to progress on diversity, 
equity, and inclusion (DEI)
Our people represent a workforce rich in all facets of diversity. 
We believe that our differences make us stronger and that 
unique perspectives fuel innovation. When people thrive, we all 
move forward. While diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) have 
been at the forefront of many organizations over recent years, 
our commitment to furthering our progress at an accelerated 
rate is steadfast and focused on action.
In June 2022, we published our 2021 inaugural Diversity, Equity, 
and Inclusion Annual Report that laid out our foundational DEI 
goals and progress towards those goals.
Use the QR code below 
to read about what 
diversity means to Tano 
Ererughurie, a member 
of the Gas Services team 
based in Lagos, Nigeria.
How we define diversity, equity, inclusion, and culture:
EquityDiversity CultureInclusion 
The unique 
attributes we bring 
as individuals
Ensuring fair treatment 
and access to 
opportunity to maximize 
an individual’s potential 
How we value 
difference, respect, 
and interact with 
each other
The set of shared attitudes, 
values, goals, and practices 
that characterizes an 
institution or organization
What is the Baker Hughes 
Inclusive Leadership Model?
We all want to work where we feel safe voicing our 
opinions, comfortable being our true selves, and 
respected for the value we bring. Our inclusive 
leadership model identifies six key behaviors that 
are critical to fostering and sustaining a culture of 
inclusion. The model was established in 2022 and 
will be rolled out to our organization globally. When 
done right, the outcome is an engaged, highly 
motivated workforce with higher productivity, 
stronger collaboration across teams, and 
increased creativity.
2021 Diversity, 
Equity, and 
Inclusion Annual 
Report (published 
June 2022)
Read the 2021 and 2022 Diversity, Equity, and 
Inclusion Annual Reports here.
2022 Diversity, 
Equity, and 
Inclusion Annual 
Report (published 
May 2023)
Progress against our DEI strategic goals will take time and we 
recognize that effort is needed to engrain DEI as part of our 
cultural transformation. We implemented strategic initiatives 
that will set us up for steady progress. A sampling of these 
include:
1. Launched the pronunciation and pronouns feature in 
Workday, our internal human capital management system, 
driving enhanced inclusivity.
2. Recognized as “DEI best places to work for disability 
inclusion” by Disability:IN with score of 80% by participating 
in Disability Inclusion Index.
3. Developed our Inclusive Leadership Model.

50     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Figure 4-9: Women at 
Baker Hughes (%) 
2020 2021 2022
Women at Baker Hughes (%)
Board of Directors 33.0 33.0 33.0
All employees 18.2 18.8 19.1
Women in management roles** - - 18.8
Senior Professional Band  
and above (SPB+)
17.0 18.1 18.6
Women in STEM roles* - 11.2 12.1
33%
of the Board of Directors 
are women
36%
of all employees are 
people of color
2020 2021 2022
People of color in U.S. (%)
All employees 35.6 35.8 36.1
Women* - 25.0 24.6
Men** - - 75.4
Gender undeclared** - - 0.016
Senior Professional Band  
and above*
- 31.6 32.1
Executive Band and above** - - 28.6
 *New 2021 metric; ** New 2022 metric
19%
of all employees 
are women
16 Percentages are rounded to one decimal place. If a percentage shows as 0 that means it is less than .05 percent.
We have strengthened our ability to monitor progress on our DEI goals through close 
partnerships and regular meetings with the executive leadership team, our established 
global DEI council, and the Human Capital and Compensation Committee of the Board 
of Directors.
We are seeing steady progress in diversity representation. Women represent 19.1% of all 
employees and 36.1% of employees in the U.S. are people of color. While we feel strongly 
that all progress is meaningful, we are committed to furthering that progress at a faster 
rate. We have set specific, targeted goals including increasing women and people of 
color representation, retention parity across under-represented groups, increasing 
spending on diverse suppliers, and diverse and inclusive supply chains.
Table 4-4: Diversity snapshot
Women in management roles**
18.8%
Women in STEM roles*
12.1%
Senior Professional Band  
and above (SPB+)
18.6%
All employees
19.1%
Board of Directors
33.0%

Baker Hughes     51TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Baker Hughes wins The Offshore Energies 
United Kingdom Award for Equality, 
Diversity, and Inclusion
The award celebrates various initiatives and efforts in promoting an 
inclusive culture. Kim Sabate developed a LGBT STEM program and 
championed the creation of a gender transition toolkit, designed to 
assist managers in supporting and understanding employees who 
are transitioning gender. These initiatives contributed to Baker Hughes 
receiving this award for equality, diversity, and inclusion in Scotland.
Spotlight on our employee resource groups 
Figure 4-10: Employee resource groups
Kim Sabate collected the Offshore Energies United Kingdom Award for Equality, 
Diversity, and Inclusion (EDI) at the industry body’s annual awards ceremony in 
Aberdeen, Scotland.
Employee resource groups (ERGs) are made up of employees who have joined together based on shared interests, 
characteristics, or life experiences to pursue knowledge, innovation, and shared passions. Working across diverse cultures and 
multidisciplinary teams, our people have the opportunity to learn, adapt, and grow on every project. Each new opportunity 
comes with a combination of global influence, local impact, and personal fulfillment.
All employees are welcome to join ERGs either as members of the represented communities or as allies. Total ERG membership 
increased by 13.1% from prior year with 8,099 employees participating in employee resource groups. This represents 14.4% of our 
workforce participating in an ERG.
ERGs have a powerful influence on driving change by elevating the conversations and awareness around key priorities. In 
October 2022, we hosted our inaugural ERG summit bringing together employees from over 30 countries. This three-day 
investment in our ERGs allowed participants to hear from champions across the organization, learn from external speakers 
about best practices, and participate in discussions with our leaders. By enhancing the governance, support, and alignment 
across our ERGs, we can foster closer connections between employees and communities around the world.
We also have Community of Interest (COI) groups which are formed by employees to share information and best practices on 
a topic. Through more informal engagement, employees can benefit from collaborating with like-minded colleagues. One of 
these COI groups is the Renew Community. Renew is focused on sharing ways to work and live more sustainably. Read more 
about Renew and how its furthering our strategy on pages 56-57.

52     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
DEI outreach in the community
Our care and respect for one another also extends to the communities we 
serve and partnerships we create. We are proud of our social impact in the 
local communities where we live and work, such as:
• The reporting year was the second year in which ERGs were involved 
in the decision making for our Foundation grant-giving process. Each 
ERG nominated a charity of their choice to be given a grant. As a 
result, $270,000 of Baker Hughes Foundation giving was committed 
to diverse communities. Learn more about additional philanthropic 
contributions to communities on page 53.
• The Baker Hughes Foundation pledged $1 million in grants to four 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities for the 2022-23 academic 
year, part of the Foundation’s long-running mission to promote 
education and opportunity in the communities where our employees 
live and work. The funds will help provide financial support for a wide 
variety of STEM programs, professional certifications, scholarships, and 
career readiness and curriculum development programs.
Read more about how we engage with and give back to our communities in 
the next section.
Celebrating diversity, equity, and inclusion 
while raising funds for those in need 
Over 400 people joined the second Baker Hughes diversity, equity, 
and inclusion run in Talamona, Italy. Participants included our 
employees, residents, and charity association members. Funds 
collected and donated as part of the initiative contributed as 
emergency support following the devastating flood that hit the 
Marche region in Italy.
This run was organized in collaboration with the main local 
associations that promote diversity and inclusion, diversity in 
physical and cognitive abilities, gender, and sexual orientation, 
as well as inclusion of minorities overall. The Talamona site 
is recognized for its technology excellence and for its strong 
commitment to promoting thevalues of diversity, equity, and 
inclusion within Baker Hughes and with local communities.
Karla Pedroza | Aspire Field Service Leadership Program, 
Industrial & Energy Technology

Baker Hughes     53TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Philanthropic contributions
We pledged approximately $2 million in strategic grants through 
the Baker Hughes Foundation in support of the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals in 2022. Above and beyond strategic grants, the 
Baker Hughes Foundation matches employee contributions to qualified 
non-profits, up to $5,000 per person per year. In 2022, many of our 
people participated in organized fundraisers, personal giving, and 
matching gifts.
$925K supporting DEI, Education, and Opportunity
• Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs)
• ERG-nominated charities (Gigi’s Playhouse, Junior Achievement, 
Folds of Honor)
• Singapore Management University
• Houston Minority Supplier Development Council
• Emancipation Park Conservancy
• Tech for Troops
• Children’s Environmental Literacy Foundation
$417K supporting Health, Safety and Wellness, and Disaster Relief
• Feed the Hunger
• Red Cross societies
• MD Anderson Center
$650K supporting Environment
• One Tree Planted
• Coastal Prairie Conservancy
• American Forest Foundation
Engage with 
communities in 
which we live  
and work
We strive to be proactive global 
citizens, seeking to make a positive 
impact on society, the economy, 
and the environment. We focused 
more deeply on an aligned giving 
strategy and re-engaging through 
volunteerism activities in 2022.
Our community outreach strategy 
and execution are overseen by 
a dedicated communications 
team and governed by the Board 
of Trustees of the Baker Hughes 
Foundation. This board is comprised 
of four senior executives within the 
Company. We report our community 
affairs performance and plans to 
the Governance and Corporate 
Responsibility Committee annually.
About the Baker Hughes 
Foundation
For 25 years, the Baker Hughes 
Foundation has been a steward of 
charitable resources for meaningful 
community impact. The Foundation 
seeks to advance environmental 
quality, education, health, safety, 
and wellness around the world by 
supporting organizations with shared 
values, demonstrated leadership, 
evidence of impact, financial 
soundness, and the capacity to 
implement initiatives and evaluate 
their success. The Baker Hughes 
Foundation makes strategic 
philanthropic contributions, matches 
employee contributions, and awards 
volunteer recognition grants for 
outstanding employee community 
service.

54     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Table 4-5: Community contributions17 
 2020 2021 2022
Matched employee financial contributions made by foundation $800,000 $669,215 $756,121
Company and foundation financial pledges and contributions18 $2,966,951 $2,578,208 $1,992,500
Company in-kind contributions19 $115,070,021 $41,967,750 $72,524,166
Total charitable pledges and contributions $118,836,972 $45,215,173 $75,272,787
17  Contributions are reported when the contract is signed and payments may be made in 2022 or 2023. 
18  2022 financial contributions based on Baker Hughes Foundation financial contributions only.
19  Company In-kind contributions represent OFSE business segment software license donations only.
In November 2022, the Baker Hughes 
Foundation announced $425,000 
to Dynamo Camp, a children’s 
recreational therapy camp in Italy
The Baker Hughes Foundation’s 
contribution will support energy 
efficiency upgrades on an iconic but 
underused historical building dating 
back to the early 1900s. The upgrades 
will also allow Dynamo Camp to expand 
capacity though a new space dedicated 
to activities for campers and 18 new beds 
for staff and volunteers.
This donation also supports our 
commitment to advancing SDG 3.
Photo courtesy of Dynamo Camp
Community service and 
volunteerism
Our people combine a powerful 
sense of purpose with the passion 
and pioneering spirit to make a 
meaningful impact. When our 
employees volunteer their time 
and energy in their communities, 
they are putting ‘Care’ - one of our 
core values - into action. As we 
emerge from the pandemic and 
the return of in-person volunteering, 
we saw more engagement in 
2022, with a 48.2% increase in 
the number of unique volunteer 
participants and 60.8% increase in 
total volunteer hours - our largest 
year-over-year increase in recent 
years. Empowering our people 
to look to the future and make a 
difference excites and inspires 
us every day. We will continue to 
drive a culture of volunteerism and 
aligned charitable giving strategy 
with our communities in the most 
meaningful way.
797
250
2020 2021
Unique volunteer participants
1,181
2022
Figure 4-11: Increasing our volunteer engagement 
16,905
7,161
2020 2021
27,181
2022
Volunteer hours

Baker Hughes     55TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
The Baker Hughes Foundation announced a 
$100,000 grant to Houston’s Emancipation Park 
Conservancy (EPC) 
Purchased by a group of African American community leaders for one 
of the nation’s original Juneteenth celebrations, Emancipation Park was 
donated to the city of Houston in 1916 and remained the only public 
park open to Black residents for more than 20 years. The funds given will 
support the conservancy’s mission to preserve the park’s integrity and 
enrich its heritage as a local, state, national, and international landmark. 
This announcement marked the third consecutive year the Baker Hughes 
Foundation has supported EPC through charitable giving. 
EPC aligns with Baker Hughes Foundation’s mission to promote education, 
environment, and health and safety in the communities where the 
Company operates.
Chairman and CEO Lorenzo Simonelli, Chief HR Officer Deanna Jones, Chief Diversity, 
Equity, and Inclusion Officer Nicole Durham, and Baker Hughes employees present 
donation check to Emancipation Park Conservancy.
Our employees plant 
trees, supporting 
global reforestation
In partnership with One 
Tree Planted, a non-profit 
organization, the Baker 
Hughes Foundation issued a 
$350,000 grant. Additionally, 
our employee volunteers 
participated in three planting 
events across the globe in 2022 
– Houston, Dubai and England. 
These types of events help 
contribute to outcomes such 
as erosion control, biodiversity, 
forest fire restoration, carbon 
sequestration, and economic 
diversification.
The work we do 
is not just about 
trees. It’s about 
the planet’s 
life support 
systems for 
clean air, water, 
biodiversity, 
climate, health, 
and social 
impact — what 
we call the 
6 pillars of 
reforestation.
Matt Hill, Chief 
Environmental Optimist at 
One Tree Planted

56     Baker Hughes TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Embed sustainability 
as everyone’s 
responsibility
Every employee has a role to play 
in our transformation. Becoming an 
energy technology Company requires 
a transformation at all levels of the 
organization, including our culture. 
To deliver the energy security and 
sustainability that makes affordable, 
cleaner energy accessible to everyone 
we must embed sustainability as 
everyone’s responsibility at Baker 
Hughes. All employees in all roles across 
the Company can learn how to work 
and live more sustainably.
In 2022, we held knowledge sharing 
sessions and two flagship events for 
Earth Day and Environment Awareness 
month. These activities along with 
regular communication through 
our Renew Community are driving 
awareness deeper into the organization.
The Carbon Out initiative showcases 
how our employees are taking charge 
and making a difference in their roles 
today. Read more about Carbon Out on 
pages 64-65.
Highlighting the Renew 
Community
Working together in collaboration with 
talented colleagues accelerates our 
ability to deliver on our sustainability 
commitments. The Renew Community 
provides a global network for our 
employees with a mission to share 
information, resources, and ideas on 
how to operate more sustainably.  
Renew is a crucial enabler of ongoing 
innovation to improve operations and 
reduce CO2e emissions across our entire 
value chain.
Our employees are eager to get 
engaged and learn about sustainable 
habits. We will be developing 
sustainability training, driving 
engagement campaigns, identifying 
incentives, and expanding the Renew 
Community aimed at embedding 
sustainable habits into all that we do.

Baker Hughes     57TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Employee 
engagement and 
empowerment
Knowledge and 
resource sharing
External thought 
leadership
Mission
Earth Day 
Challenge April 
2022
Environmental 
Awareness Month 
September 2022
Knowledge 
sharing sessions 
all year
Flagship events
2,062 538 292 
Engagement
Renew virtual 
engagements
Messages in  
the platform
Unique 
participants
861 244 28 
Renew Membership
50+ 
Employees 
recognized as 
Sustainability 
Champions
Members as 
of November 
2022
2022 
additions
Membership 
roadshows
Figure 4-12: 2022 Renew highlights

58     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
59  Performance snapshot
60  Our Planet strategy
62  Become a net-zero emissions business by 2050
66  Enable our partners to thrive in a low carbon world
70  Minimize the resources we use
78  Reduce spills and report them transparently
Planet

Baker Hughes     59
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITY KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 2020 2021 2022
Energy transition business 
impacts and innovation Product lifecycle assessments completed 1 7 43
Water
Water withdrawn (million liters) 4,797 3,143 3,214
Water consumed (million liters) 552 374 559
Water discharged (million liters) 4,245 2,769 2,655
Spills
Significant spills (barrels) 738 1,693 827
Oil spills (barrels) 28 6 37
Fuel spills (barrels) <1 2 3
Waste spills (barrels) <1 1 1
Chemical spills (barrels) 155 130 378
Hydrocarbon spills in the Arctic* - - -
Biodiversity
# of IUCN Red List Species 1 201 392
# of species -  Least concern - 71 251
# of species - Near threatened - 4 14
# of species - Vulnerable - 74 78
# of species - Endangered - 39 38
# of species - Critically endangered - 13 11
Waste
20
Waste generated (metric tons) 680,790 482,806 235,403
Waste recycled (metric tons) 214,043 125,222 57,666
Waste disposed (metric tons) 466,747 357,584 177,737
This dashboard represents our progress on key performance indicators over time. We continue to improve our reporting by establishing quantitative goals and performance 
metrics that contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).
*New 2021 metric, **New 2022 metric 
20    Change in methodology in 2022. Years 2020 and 2021 data were not recalculated and verified with new method and cannot be directly compared.
21    This 26% represents our total zero-emission electricity usage; this is the sum of renewable energy and nuclear energy (a non-renewable, zero-emission source).
Planet  
performance snapshot
SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITY KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 2019 2022
Emissions
Total scope 1 emissions (MT CO2e) 500,604 376,172
Total scope 2 indirect emissions - market based (MT CO2e) 286,752 193,933
Total scope 1 and 2 emissions (MT CO2e) 787,356 570,105
Total scope 3 emissions (MT CO2e) 188,223,561 252,414,204
Production, imports, and exports of ozone-depleting substances  
(MT CFC-11 equivalent)** - -
Energy
% of electricity from zero-emission sources
21
14% 26%
Total electricity (MWh) 741,375 604,093
Renewable electricity (MWh) 104,307 137,327
Non-renewable electricity (MWh) 637,068 466,766
Total fuels (MWh) 2,211,833 1,609,879
Diesel/Distillate (MWh) 763,099 472,915
Natural gas (MWh) 1,062,286 875,344
Gasoline/Petrol (MWh) 384,407 252,227
Propane (MWh) 2,040 6,797
Other fuels (MWh) - 2,595
Total energy (MWh) 2,953,208 2,213,972
Energy intensity (MWh/ $ of revenue) 0.00012 0.00010

60     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
What’s New for 2022
• Reduced our scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions 
from our 2019 base year.
• Expanded the breadth and depth of our 
Carbon Out program to further operationalize 
CO2e emissions reductions and drive 
sustainable behaviors across the business.
• Scaled the adoption of our proprietary life 
cycle assessment tool, FastLCA, to measure 
the carbon footprint of our products and 
services.
• Deepened our supplier engagement to better 
understand supplier CO2e emissions data for 
our top tier suppliers.
• Continued to advance automation 
of emissions data and strong internal 
controllership of all Planet data.
• Continued expansion of third-party assurance 
to include our waste metrics.
While the world continues to address energy security, 
sustainability, and affordability, the need and urgency of 
carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) reductions and conservation 
of environmental resources are becoming stronger.
Guided by our alignment with the Paris Agreement, we’ve 
set out a clear pathway to reduce our scope 1 and 2 CO2e 
emissions to net-zero by 2050 and be a sustainable solutions 
provider for our customers.
Our Planet strategy has environmental stewardship at its core. 
We developed two key focus areas comprised of specific 
outcomes to drive our strategy forward. Our performance to 
these outcomes in 2022 is detailed in this section.
To address our Planet strategic goals, we leveraged 
conservation measures, circularity, life cycle assessments, 
and CO2e emissions reduction projects across our facilities 
and field sites. Our efforts to drive sustainable operations are 
accomplished by our greatest asset - our people.
OUR GOALS HOW WE WILL DELIVER SUCCESS HOW WE WILL MEASURE SUCCESS
Planet
• Enable our partners to  
thrive in a low carbon  
world
• Become a Net-Zero  
business by 2050
• Reduce scope 3 emissions by 2033
• YOY increase R&D funded by external sources 
• BH positioned early & recognized as key technology provider
• Reduce scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions by 50% by 2030
• Complete life cycle assessments for the >95% emissions intensive 
products by 2026
• Complete proactive strategic policy framework for all growth 
areas
• Reduce spills at our sites
• Reduce usage in water-stressed sites by 2030
• Reduce waste to landfill by 2030
• Assess 100% of sites for biodiversity risk by 2030 and implement risk 
management programs for high-risk sites
• Reduce spills and report  
them transparently
• Minimize the resources  
we use
1. Pioneer low carbon 
energy solutions to 
deliver value for our 
customers
2. Champion 
environmental 
stewardship and 
minimize our footprint
Our Planet strategy

Baker Hughes     61
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
28%
Reduction in scope 1 
and 2 CO2e emissions 
from our 2019 
baseline
26%
Electricity sourced 
from zero-emission 
sources
10
Scope 3 emissions 
categories reported 
with limited 
assurance
57,666
Metric tons of  
waste recycled

62     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Become a net-zero emissions business by 2050
In 2022, we advanced progress on our net-zero journey and 
further refined our calculation and estimation methodology 
to improve our reporting processes. Our main reduction 
pathways were a result of executed energy efficiency 
initiatives, facility consolidations, and increased electricity 
from renewable and zero-carbon sources.
As an energy technology company, we strive to reduce our 
CO2e emissions in our manufacturing, operations, and how 
we provide services to our customers. This will be achieved 
through increased energy efficiency throughout our 
operations, and adoption of renewable electricity across our 
global footprint of facilities.
Figure 5-1: Total scope 1 and 2 emissions by year (MT CO2e)
2019 2022
286,752
500,604 376,172 
193,933
Table 5-1: Scope 1 and 2 emissions by year (MT CO2e)
2019 2022
REDUCTION 
FROM 2019  
(MT CO 2E )
% REDUCTION 
FROM 2019
Scope 1 500,604 376,172 124,432 25%
Scope 2  
market based22 286,752 193,933 92,819 32%
Scope 2  
location based 295,317 210,902 84,415 29%
Total 787,356 570,105 217,251 28%
Table 5-2: Scope 1 emissions breakdown (MT CO2e)
2019 2022 % REDUCTION FROM 2019
Facilities 161,557 111,871 31%
Vehicles 141,380 92,243 35%
Field activities 197,667 172,058 13%
Total 500,604 376,172 25%
 Scope 1      Scope 2, market based
22  Please see Note 2 - GHG reporting organizational boundaries, Statement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions for definition of market-based.
in CO2e emissions from all  
Baker Hughes controlled facilities  
in 2022 versus our 2019 base year.
Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions 
reduced by 28% through 2022
We are striving to reach our interim target of reducing 
scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions by 50% by 2030. We 
compare our emissions reduction progress to a 2019 
base year. We utilize this base year, as it was the first 
full performance year of the Company following the 
spin out of Baker Hughes from GE. Additionally, 2019 
was a typical year from an operations standpoint 
and did not have an artificially high or low emissions 
performance year for scope 1 and 2. It was, however, 
an anomolously low year in terms of our Gas Tech 
equipment string testing, which utilizes natural Gas 
Tech. Thus, the use of natural gas has increased as 
we have performed more equipment testing, but we 
are working to find alternative sources of renewable 
natural gas for this testing. 
• During 2022, our combined scope 1 and 2 CO2e 
emissions were 28% lower than our 2019 base year.
• Our scope 1 emissions decreased from 500,604 MT 
CO2e in 2019 to 376,172 MT CO2e in 2022.
• Our scope 2 emissions decreased from 286,752 MT 
CO2e in 2019 to 193,933 MT CO2e in 2022. 31% 
reduction

Baker Hughes     63
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Initiatives that contributed to facilities 
CO2e emission reductions included:
• Dedicated energy conservation 
efforts and daily process changes.
• Implemented sustainable standards 
in new building construction, 
renovation, and retrofits.
• Reduced time and energy usage 
during the manufacturing process.
Field activities and fleet emissions both 
had a reduction from our base year of 
2019, however, there was an increase in 
our CO2e emissions in both categories 
compared to last year’s totals primarily 
due to an increase in activity for our 
customers that required more driving 
and fuel consumption at field sites. 
Despite these headwinds, our total 
scope 1 and 2 emissions have improved 
year-over-year.
• 35% CO2e emission reduction from 
fleet activities compared to our 2019 
base year.
• 13% CO2e emission reduction in field 
activities versus our 2019 base year.
For fleet and field related emissions, we 
continued to execute on CO2e reduction 
activities such as:
• Tracking and reduction of 
unnecessary vehicle idling through 
our Idling policy and vehicle 
monitoring program.
• Optimizing schedules, logistics, and 
rental car solutions.
• Encouraging carpooling or ride share 
opportunities for employees.
• Improved operational efficiency with 
fleet and vessels to reduce CO2e 
emissions during transportation and 
other field activities. Projects include 
idle reduction and ship to shore 
power projects.
Powering our sites with 
renewable and zero-
emission electricity
We continued to find opportunities 
to use renewable and zero-emission 
energy sources both onsite and offsite 
across all our global locations. From 
the United States to Brazil, Italy, and 
Singapore, we continued to procure 
renewable energy through power 
purchase agreements (PPAs), and 
collaborations with retail energy 
providers. We continued to adhere to 
our policy of not utilizing carbon offsets 
until such time that all achievable 
carbon reduction is completed.
At Baker Hughes, our emissions 
reduction strategy, in the short and 
medium term, does not include the 
use of carbon offsets or virtual power 
purchase agreements (vPPAs). Our 
strategy to reach our emission reduction 
goals leverages Renewable Energy 
Credits (RECs), Renewable Energy 
Guarantees of Origin (REGOs), or similar 
certificates when tied to a local market 
of electricity generation or PPA.
In 2022, we redefined our methodology 
to further specify how we apply zero-
emission certificates. Our revised 
boundary includes Baker Hughes sites 
in unregulated regions, and excludes 
sites located in regulated regions 
which require using a specified energy 
provider. With these changes to our 
methodology, we continued to meet all 
existing GHG Protocol guidelines and the 
CDP’s RE100 requirements for credible 
renewable energy usage claims. This 
aligned to our internal carbon offset 
policy which restricts the application of 
RECs and REGOs to the local markets 
in which the electricity was generated. 
For North American markets, we define 
* Our non-renewable category includes energy from 
non-emissive sources such as nuclear power. This 
subsection of non-renewable zero-emission energy is 
illustrated in Figure 5-2.
Figure 5-2: Total electricity used in 2022
Renewable, 
zero-emission 
137,327
Non-Renewable,  
zero-emission
20,575
Non-
Renewable
446,191
MWh
Table 5-3: Energy use by category (MWh)
2019 2022
Renewable 
electricity 104,307 137,327
Non-Renewable 
electricity 637,068 466,766
Total electricity 741,375 604,093
Diesel/Distillate 1,062,286 875,344
Natural gas 763,099 472,915
Gasoline/Petrol 384,407 252,227
Propane 2,040 6,797
Other fuels - 2,595
Total fuels 2,211,832 1,609,878
Total energy 2,953,207 2,213,971
Of our electricity comes from 
renewable or other zero-emission 
sources, such as nuclear.26%

64     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
“local market” as electricity generated or purchased within 
the same state where electricity is used. By applying this 
more conservative definition, we effectively limited the total 
claimed RECs to local markets and reduced the overall 
amount of renewable energy we claim. This approach 
sets a new standard whereby our stakeholders can have 
high confidence in our commitment to reducing our direct 
impact in communities in which we operate. 
Zero-emission energy made up 157,902 MWh/Yr, or 26%, of 
our annual electricity usage in 2022. We are proud of our 
results, but acknowledge that we need to bring even more 
renewable and zero-emission energy into our mix. This year, 
the percentage of our renewable electricity usage year 
over year remained flat, but despite this result, initiatives 
across our business contributed to our continued progress. 
We reduced the REC usage in areas where we brought 
direct renewables online, and we also drove efficiencies 
to reduce electricity use at facilities that utilize renewable 
energy. In those examples, we worked to prioritize direct 
renewable use over RECs, and focused on the overall 
reduction of energy consumption at sites. We strive to 
bring energy forward, and while we have work to do, we are 
focused on the journey along the path to net zero.
All in. Carbon Out.
Our Carbon Out program aims to educate and empower 
every employee to have an active role in our scope 1 and 2 
reduction efforts. Sustainable practices and employee-driven 
solution identification drive carbon out of our daily operations.
Our Carbon Out program empowers our business 
segments to prioritize CO2e emissions reductions by 
identifying projects that meet our pathway criteria for 
the road to net-zero operational CO2e emissions.
Since its launch in 2021, our Carbon Out program has 
engaged employees and leaders from across the business 
to enable them with the knowledge, training and resources 
to systematically reduce our operational CO2e emissions. 
Employees in all parts of Baker Hughes are empowered to 
identify CO2e emissions reduction solutions that are reviewed 
and approved to ensure timely, efficient, and cost-effective 
implementation of CO2e emissions reduction solutions. 
Direct carbon removal projects, such as CCUS, have been 
considered for longer term abatement pathways.
Amber Higginbotham | Technical Mechanic; Steve Meyer | Technical Mechanic; Anuradah Bhattaram | Lead Engineer, Mechanical Engineering
Yuta Suzuka | DB Global Materials Director; Justin Jamail | Technical Machinist

Baker Hughes     65
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
In 2022, our Carbon Out program 
expanded in breadth and depth of 
impact through:
• A network of over 260 employees 
that are Carbon Out champions 
across both business segments. 
These employees represent multiple 
corporate disciplines, such as HSE, 
supply chain, sourcing, real estate, 
field service engineers, and finance. 
The goal of our champion network 
is to build and execute a pipeline of 
projects that enable us to achieve 
CO2e emissions reduction throughout 
our operations.
• Sustainability educational materials 
and opportunities to equip our 
employees with the right knowledge 
and skills sets to identify qualifying 
projects. Participants of our core 
leadership training programs - 
ASPIRE, CULTIVATE, and IMPACT - were 
engaged in the Carbon Out program 
to grow sustainability skill sets. In 
addition, over 400 employees across 
the Company from 27 countries 
participated in sustainability focused 
training opportunities to expand their 
capabilities.
• Crowdsourced ideas and employee-
driven initiatives across the Company 
helped to build a pipeline of new 
CO2e emissions reduction projects for 
review, consideration and funding.
• HSE training of over 2,200 employees 
on energy efficiency, energy 
efficiency/factory assessments, 
and submission of over 300 ideas 
to improve energy efficiency and 
reduce carbon emissions across our 
global facilities.
Consistent engagement and awareness 
campaigns in the last year have 
increased our focus on sustainability 
in our operations and contributed to 
a mindset shift among our employees 
to adopt more sustainable practices 
in their day to day lives. We believe this 
transformation is foundational to being 
a sustainable business.
Quantifying our carbon 
footprint through life cycle 
analysis
Understanding, quantifying, and 
reducing our direct and indirect CO2e 
emissions across the value chain is 
integral to our progress on the path to 
net zero. To ensure that we establish an 
accurate representation of our CO2e 
emissions footprint, we utilize life cycle 
assessments (LCAs) across our portfolio 
of product offerings. LCAs quantify 
CO2e emissions that will occur during 
the life of a product or service. This 
quantification has directed our focus for 
carbon-reduction opportunities across 
our value chain by assessing CO2e 
emission impacts during:
• product design;
• material selection;
• component sourcing;
• manufacturing processes;
• product installation and use; and
• disposal of our products.
In 2022, we launched our proprietary 
life cycle assessment (LCAs) tool - 
FastLCA — across all products lines to 
drive the quantification and analysis of 
the estimated cradle-to-grave CO2e 
emissions impact of our products 
and services.
FastLCA is a tool aligned to the ISO 
14067:2018 standard that features the 
capability to calculate complete life 
cycle assessments for three applications:
• specific products or services;
• systems of products or services; and
• comparative analysis between 
products.
The comparative analysis feature 
helped to provide important insights 
into efficiencies gained through new 
product innovations. Our LCAs provide 
our customers with verified information 
on the CO2e emissions footprint of 
our products. As part of our overall 
sustainability strategy, we are working to 
quantify the lifecycle CO2e emissions of 
all of our major product groups.
Our product lines completed a total of 
43 life cycle assessments in 2022, with 
an additional 56 LCAs in progress. This 
is a significant improvement from our 
2021 totals when the LCA tool was in 
development; 7 LCAs were completed 
and 2 LCAs were in progress for 2021. 
Each LCA undergoes a rigorous review 
by a third party and is documented to 
show adherence to the use of FastLCA 
tool and underlying ISO standard. This 
early adoption within our business 
demonstrated our commitment to CO2e 
emission reductions for our operations 
and our customers value chain CO2e 
emissions.
2021 2022
Completed LCAs LCAs in progress
Figure 5-3: Number of product life cycle 
assessments 2021 v. 2022
7
2
43
56
Amber Higginbotham | Technical Mechanic; Steve Meyer | Technical Mechanic; Anuradah Bhattaram | Lead Engineer, Mechanical Engineering
Yuta Suzuka | DB Global Materials Director; Justin Jamail | Technical Machinist

66     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Enable our partners  
to thrive in a low 
carbon world
To be a sustainable business, we must 
help our partners across our entire value 
chain to be more sustainable.
This section highlights our work with 
our customers and suppliers to 
improve their operational efficiency by 
developing and deploying less emissive 
technologies, partnering with suppliers 
to understand their current CO2e 
emissions and reduction strategies, and 
reducing our scope 3 CO2e emissions, 
which are scope 1 and 2 for our suppliers 
and customers.
Engaging our suppliers
We understand that our environmental 
impact is a result of activities across our 
entire value chain, and we work closely 
with our suppliers to identify our upstream 
CO2e emission reduction opportunities 
across our shared value chain.
We achieved an important milestone 
in our efforts for supply chain CO2e 
emission reductions in 2022 by 
becoming a supply chain member of 
CDP. Our membership has enabled us to 
work with our suppliers to support their 
CO2e emission reduction activities by 
disclosing CO2e emissions data, while 
also gaining insights from our suppliers’ 
CDP disclosures.
A key priority for us in 2022 was to 
improve supplier engagement and 
share learnings. In addition, as part of 
our Principles strategy, we aim to assess 
our active suppliers on environmental 
criteria every three years. As part of 
this effort, this year we launched our 
first annual CDP CO2e emissions survey 
and collected 2021 disclosures from 152 
suppliers - a response rate of about 30%. 
This survey focused on the upstream 
portion of our value chain and engaged 
our vendors in preliminary assessments 
of their CO2e emissions footprints. We 
developed a live dashboard to monitor 
the survey response submissions 
and increase visibility to outstanding 
responses and information.
We also organized webinars, supplier 
conferences, and workshops to engage 
our vendors on CO2e emissions and risk 
management. Internally, we conducted 
periodic “supply chain days” to educate 
our supply chain employees in the 
specifics of how they can impact our 
CO2e emission reductions through their 
day-to-day work.
Scope 3 CO2e emissions
While our journey to net zero for scopes 
1 and 2 emissions is impactful, scope 3 
emissions account for several orders 
of magnitude more emissions. In 2022, 
we worked to set an internal target 
to reduce our scope 3 emissions and 
expanded the quantification of our value 
chain emissions. Specific initiatives will 
be actioned through our Carbon Out 
program as we develop and advance our 
scope 3 emissions reduction roadmap.
In 2022, our overall scope 3 emissions 
increased by 34% over the 2019 base 
year, in conjunction with increased 
activity and orders. However, at a 
category level, emissions were lower 
for both business travel and employee 
commuting. With hybrid work schedules 
and expanded digital communications 
options, our employees traveled less in 
2022 than they did in 2019. We enhanced 
our methodology and replaced regional 
averages with employee-provided data 
from our commuting survey. The survey 
data provides greater accuracy which 
with we calculate our overall carbon 
CO2e emissions. Previous estimates 
resulted in an overstated level of 
emissions attributed to commuting.
Logistics improvements led to a 41% 
and 31% decrease in our category 4 and 
9 emissions, respectively. Decreased 
reliance on air freight yielded significant 
emissions reductions in the conveyance 
of goods on both the upstream and 
downstream ends of our value chain.
Last year, energy markets shifted and 
began to rebalance, more heavily 
favoring natural gas to meet the ever-
increasing demand for energy. This shift 
has resulted in increased demand for 
equipment required to bring additional 
energy online. In 2022, the sale of 16 
turbines along with an increase in 
electrical motor sales led to a 35% 
jump in our category 11 emissions. This 
increased activity further created the 
need for more forged materials and 
chemicals, impacting the emissions of 
purchased goods and services (scope 3 
category 1).
The increase in our category 5 emissions 
is largely attributed to higher volumes 
of land filled commercial and industrial 
waste in 2022. In addition to the increased 
volume, we shifted to a more accurate 
methodology for waste estimation.
In 2022, the total revenue of our invested 
(category 15) entities grew by 8% 
compared to 2021. As a key variable in 
our category 15 emissions estimation, 
this revenue growth is the leading driver 
for higher emissions as compared to 
our 2019 baseline. Our methodology will 
improve as we incorporate operational 
emissions data from our investments. 
As an energy technology company 
focused on being a sustainable pioneer 
in all we do, our strategy is focused 
on developing abatement solutions 
and embedding additional emissions 
savings into multiple categories 
associated with our value chain.

Baker Hughes     67
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
CATEGORY 2019 2022
1 Purchased goods and services 4,602,303 5,718,784
2 Capital goods 298,734 233,574
3
Fuel- and energy-related activities (not 
included in scope 1 or scope 2)
184,214 136,224
4
Upstream transportation and  
distribution
536,642 317,937
5 Waste generated in operations 20,612 79,284
6 Business travel 100,624 56,454
7 Employee commuting 151,941 101,404
9 Transportation and distribution 518,908 359,773
11 Use of sold products 181,576,472 244,794,528
15 Investments 233,111 616,242
Total scope 3 188,223,561 252,414,204
Table 5-4: Scope 3 emissions (MT CO2e)

68     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Climate change as 
a financial risk and 
opportunity
We recognize the challenges of climate 
change, but we also see the opportunities 
for growth that stem from a resource-
constrained but innovative world. By 
positioning ourselves to support the 
transition to a low carbon economy, we 
will enhance our business resiliency by 
providing new commercial opportunities 
for us and our customers while managing 
physical risks to the Company.
To position ourselves for long-term 
success, our business, in accordance 
with the Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
recommendations, undertook 
quantitative climate change scenario 
analyses and opportunity hotspot 
mapping. These analyses helped 
provide more insight on climate issues 
that could impact the business and 
outlined the potential impact over 
three-time horizons: short-term (5 
years), medium-term (5-10 years), 
and long-term (beyond 10 years). 
Accordingly, climate change risk and 
opportunity assessments at Baker 
Hughes were conducted to include 
these time horizons.
In line with the TCFD recommendations, 
we divided our risk assessment into two 
major categories: risks related to the 
physical impacts of climate change and 
risks related to the transition to a lower 
carbon economy.
Physical risk management
A comprehensive and robust physical 
risk assessment program is important to 
satisfy the requirements of governments 
and regulatory bodies in a growing 
number of countries and to enable 
informed decisions on where and when 
to allocate our capital and resources to 
prevent or mitigate impact of climate 
change. Baker Hughes’ physical risk 
assessment determines financial 
exposure to damages, business 
disruptions and productivity losses for 
all Baker Hughes facilities, as well as the 
selected sites of our critical suppliers. 
We model impact of severe weather 
events for the four relevant weather 
perils: flood, wind, extreme heat and 
wildfires, using Jupiter ClimateScoreTM 
predictive climate data analytics for 
three Intergovernmental Panel on 
Climate Change’s (IPCC) fifth revision 
of projected socioeconomic global 
changes scenarios (IPCC SSP5): RCP2.6, 
RCP 4.5 and RCP 8.5
23
.
For Baker Hughes’ operational footprint 
in 2050, we estimate average annual 
maximum losses of approximately $49.1 
million in damages, $165.9 million in 
business disruptions and approximately 
$10.4 million in productivity losses based 
on a greater than 4°C IPCC climate 
scenario (SSP5-RCP8.5), with total 
maximum exposure of $225.4 million, 
a 14% increase compared to $197.8 
million in 2020. Higher risk exposure in 
2050 is driven by the rising probability 
of extreme weather events or their 
increased severity for some locations 
in the next 30 years. Detailed weather 
risk profiles and related financial risk 
exposure calculations are available 
for every single facility, country, 
business segment, and product line. 
We incorporate the results of this 
assessment into our business continuity 
and facility response planning, 
23  RCP: Representative Concentration Pathway is a greenhouse gas concentration trajectory.

Baker Hughes     69
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
prioritizing our mission critical sites and sole source suppliers 
in locations with moderate to high risk. Furthermore, the 
data is beneficial in mid- and long-term strategic business 
planning, helping to identify and mitigate risk exposures 
to Baker Hughes’ infrastructure and logistics. Data is also 
harmonized with our environmental impact investment 
decisions to ensure that we are managing cost and risks 
using all available information.
Transition risks and opportunities
The transition risk assessment derives estimated financial 
impact on our business from modelled portfolio responses 
to four energy market scenarios as published by the 
International Energy Agency (IEA): the 1.5°C Net Zero Emissions 
Scenario, the <2°C Sustainable Development Scenario, 
the Announced Pledges Scenario, and the Stated Policies 
Scenario. The four IEA scenarios encompass a broad range 
of energy market scenarios that, when applied to our 
existing portfolio, might translate to a wide range of revenue 
impacts across our different businesses. In some cases, 
these scenarios yield an estimated revenue from our current 
portfolio.
While we recognize the potential for transition risk, Baker 
Hughes is playing a key role in enabling an orderly low carbon 
energy transition. Our future success may depend upon our 
ability to effectively execute on our energy transition strategy. 
Our strategy depends on our ability to develop additional 
innovative technologies and work with our customers and 
partners to advance new energy solutions such as CCUS, 
hydrogen energy, geothermal, and other integrated solutions. 
If the energy transition landscape changes faster than 
anticipated or faster than we can transition, or if we fail to 
execute our energy transition strategy as planned, demand 
for our technologies and services or access to credit could be 
adversely affected.
Transitioning to a low-carbon economy will likely require 
extensive policy, legal, technology, and market changes. 
There is increased focus by governments and our customers, 
investors and other stakeholders on climate change, 
sustainability, and energy transition matters. Negative 
attitudes or perceptions of our industry or fossil fuel 
products and their relationship to the environment have 
led governments, non-governmental organizations, and 
companies to implement initiatives to conserve energy and 
promote the use of alternative energy sources, which may 
reduce the demand for and production of oil and gas in 
areas of the world where our customers operate, and thus 
reduce future demand for our products and services. In 
addition, initiatives by investors and financial institutions to 
limit funding to companies in fossil fuel-related industries 
may adversely affect our liquidity or access to capital.
In the long-term scenario, we predict that our existing 
portfolio will generate growth under the Stated Policies 
Scenario, accompanied by increasing revenue contributions 
from our energy transition portfolio. We also estimate that 
any potential material declines in revenue from our current 
portfolio under the Announced Pledges Scenario, the 
Sustainable Development Scenario, or the Net-Zero Scenario 
can be mitigated by revenue growth from our energy 
transition portfolio.

70     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Minimize the resources we use
We are committed to minimizing the environmental 
impact across our facilities, through the services we 
provide at our customer sites, and in the communities 
where we operate. We take a holistic, risk-based approach 
to make progress towards our commitments. Our 
robust environmental management system provides 
a framework for innovative technologies along with 
proactive learning and improvements. We strive to 
minimize our water, waste, and ecological footprints.
Below are the key objectives and outcomes we are 
measuring against to advance our goal of environmental 
stewardship.
Our environmental management 
system helps us minimize resource use
Our environmental management system (EMS) is built 
on stringent environmental standards that we set 
for ourselves and meet or exceed global regulatory 
requirements. Our EMS is aligned to ISO 14001:2015 and 
provides a framework for continual improvement, risk 
assessments, global procedures, training, reporting, and 
assurance and control measures. It has helped us work 
towards achieving our emissions reduction goals while 
reducing our operational environmental footprint. This 
framework also enabled us to track our production output, 
using a combination of internal validation and third-party 
assessments.
The following procedures are included in our management 
system and are applicable to all of our sites and  
operations globally:
1. Agency visits
2. Air emissions management
3. Chemical management
4. Due diligence for property transactions
5. Due diligence for business transactions
6. Environmental reporting
7. Emergency response
8. Energy management and efficiency
9. Land quality protection and secondary containment
10. Spill prevention and response
11. Waste management and minimization
12. Waste vendor audits
13. Water quality protection
We utilized a tiered approach that enabled customization 
at the regional, product line, or site level based on local 
requirements or risk profiles.

Baker Hughes     71
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Managing waste
In 2022, we assessed our methodology for how 
we calculate our waste production across 
our business. The primary change included 
modification to our estimation process; we now 
include an additional level of precision by including 
facility square footage, rather than only facility 
type, to increase accuracy of estimated waste 
generated per site. Additional changes to the 
methodology included:
• Improvements made to fill gaps and data 
coverage.
• Reclassified reconditioned drums as recycled 
that were previously classified as waste.
• Removed data from outside the active period 
for estimations.
Our sites continued to follow our formal procedure 
for waste management and minimization, which 
requires that all waste types be identified and 
tracked. We provide guidance to promote efforts 
to minimize waste volumes and increase the 
recycling and reuse of materials at each facility.
Because of these methodology changes we are 
unable to make a YOY comparison; however, 
as a part of our strategic efforts to focus on our 
environmental impact, we set an internal target 
and commit to reducing waste to landfill by 2030.
We prioritize the responsible use of natural 
resources through quality control and assurance 
processes, thus minimizing scrap and waste 
materials.
Table 5-5: Waste volume (metric tons)24
RECYCLED DISPOSED GENERATED
Hazardous 7,761 112,537 120,298
Non-hazardous 22,249 65,185 87,434
E-waste 173 15 188
Metals 27,483 - 27,483
Total 57,666 177,737 235,403
Table 5-6: Waste diverted from disposal by recovery 
operation (metric tons)25
HAZARDOUS 
WASTE 
NON-
HAZARDOUS 
WASTE 
E-WASTE METALS
Offsite preparation  
for reuse 629 801 6 -
Offsite reclamation 3 221 - -
Offsite recycling - - 167 -
Offsite material  
recovery operations - - - 27,483
Other offsite  
recovery options 7,129 21,227 - -
Total waste recycled 57,666
Table 5-7: Waste prevented from disposal (metric tons)
TOTAL WASTE PREVENTED
Former waste to product conversion 1,266
Table 5-8: Waste directed to disposal by disposal operation  
(metric tons)25
HAZARDOUS 
WASTE 
NON-
HAZARDOUS 
WASTE 
E- 
WASTE
Offsite incineration with energy 
recovery 978 1,940 -
Offsite incineration without 
energy recovery 2,062 1,875 -
Offsite landfilling 4,210 24,986 -
Other offsite disposal 
operations 105,287 36,384 -
Disposal - - 15
Total waste disposed 177,737
24  Methodology for 2022 changed. Historic data not comparable due to methodology change.
25  There were neither onsite disposal operations nor onsite recovery operations in 2022.
Recycled Disposed
Figure 5-4: Waste volume (metric tons)
57,666
177,737
 Hazardous
 Non-Hazardous
 E-waste 
 Metals
112,537
7,761
27,483
65,185
22,249
15
173

72     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
There were various global efforts that 
contributed to our waste reduction 
efforts in 2022:
• The OFSE Aberdeen, Montrose, 
and Nailsea sites in the United 
Kingdom continue to diligently 
work on segregating waste into the 
appropriate streams, which has 
helped them recycle 200 wood 
pallets per year.
• Our Florence, Massa, and 
Avenza sites in Italy make waste 
management a priority and 
implemented several new initiatives 
last year:
◊ Implementation of higher 
concentrated cleaning products 
that are 100% biodegradable. This 
resulted in a reduction of single-
use plastic containers.
◊ All paper tissues on site are made 
from recycled paper.
◊ Wood waste generated from 
the three sites was repurposed 
rather than disposed, promoting 
circularity.
• To reduce single-use plastic waste, 
sites in India and the Ivory Coast 
implemented a program to assign 
refillable water bottles to every site 
employee. It served as a pilot and 
the same initiative is now being 
implemented in Congo and Gabon.
• Our blend plant in Rayne, Louisiana 
successfully implemented a reuse 
program to convert a waste stream 
to product, resulting in a 366 MT 
reduction in waste volume.
• In line with the UAE’s no landfill policy, 
our facility carried out an e-waste 
recycling drive, where 1,850 kg of 
e-waste were sent to be recycled.
• Our Malaysia facility hosted a drive to 
recycle textiles, preventing 334 kg of 
textiles from being sent to disposal.
The organizational boundary for our waste 
and recycling metric includes facilities 
under our operational control that are 
active at any time during the calendar 
year and does not exclude divestitures. 
This allows our local teams to more easily 
identify reduction opportunities and track 
progress in the future.
Waste generation, management and 
disposal are subject to stringent local, 
national and international regulations 
across our operations. Such regulations 
include compliance requirements 
for waste segregation, storage, 
transportation and disposal.
Promoting circular economy
We promote circular economy 
principles of minimizing resource use 
through reuse, repair, and refurbish. We 
are committed to reducing our volume 
of waste by using resources wisely and 
increasing the recycling of materials 
within our business. Circularity was 
identified as a critical component of our 
waste reduction strategy. 
Our teams continue to engineer 
products with circularity in mind with a 
focus on resource optimization, reduced 
resource consumption, and recovery 
of end of life products and waste by 
recycling or giving it a second life as a 
new product.
While we have engaged in asset 
optimization activities since 2015, we 
increased our focus on internal asset 
reuse and remarketing as strategies 
to reduce waste in 2022. The global 
redeployment and remarketing 
program utilizes multiple tools to 
manage redeployment of assets 
within the Company and remarketing 
of used assets, including an internal 
redeployment catalog. Before an asset 
is considered for resale, it is inspected 
to be redeployed internally. Part of 
the capital asset approval process is 
checking the internal redeployment 
catalog to make sure there is not 
anything available before purchasing 
new capital assets.
Not only are these programs cost-
effective, but they also contribute to 
reducing waste and promote circularity.
Our equipment is designed for durability, 
and new technology can be injected 
during the life of our machines to boost 
asset performance. Our Industrial and 
Energy Technology business segment is 
continuously working on many projects 
to refurbish customer equipment to 
enhance efficiency and plant output 
while minimizing waste. Electrification, 
efficiency improvements, gas recovery 
from vent or flare, and fueling with 
hydrogen gas turbines are some 
examples of upgrading projects that 
lead to emissions reductions.

Baker Hughes     73
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Water stewardship
We are committed to conserving and protecting freshwater 
resources throughout the water cycle — from withdrawal, 
to use and eventual reuse or discharge. To advance this 
commitment, in 2022, we added a water reduction goal to our 
strategy to reduce usage at water-stressed sites by 2030.
Each year we engage internal resources to improve the 
robustness of our data collection process. In 2022, we 
improved data accuracy by adding 19 sites that are reporting 
actual water usage rather than estimating. We also improved 
our estimation method by including facility square footage in 
addition to facility type.
This year our total water withdrawal increased by 2% from 
3,143 Megaliters (ML) in 2021 to 3,214 ML in 2022. Our total water 
discharge was down 4% from 2,769 ML to 2,655 ML. These 
changes were due to sites installing water meters to report 
usage rather than estimating and ensuring data is being 
categorized and reported correctly.
The increase in water withdrawal and decrease in water 
discharge resulted in a 49% increase in water consumption 
compared to 2021. The sites that mainly contributed to this 
increase had an increase in operational activity this year and 
an increase in testing processes that don’t return water into 
circulation.
We assess areas of water stress using the World Resources 
Institute’s Aqueduct tool. Since 2020, we have used Aqueduct 
for an annual review of our water use across the globe. In 
2022, our water consumption in water-stressed areas stayed 
consistent with our 2021 consumption at 13 ML. Our water 
withdrawn from these areas increased 65% from 249 ML in 
2021 to 410 ML in 2022. However, water discharged to these 
areas increased by 68% from 236 ML in 2021 to 397 in 2022.  
This year, an additional six sites were reclassified to a 
water risk area. The site reclassifications and reporting 
improvements made in 2022 both contributed to the observed 
increase in water withdrawal and discharge in these areas.
Table 5-9: Water use (ML)
2020 2021 2022
WITHDRAWN CONSUMED DISCHARGED WITHDRAWN CONSUMED DISCHARGED WITHDRAWN CONSUMED DISCHARGED
Surface 249 - 27 4 - 51 0.1 - 55
Groundwater 485 - 90 487 - 105 618 - 45
Municipal 4,063 - 4,128 2,652 - 2,606 2,596 - 2,536
Seawater - - 0.2 - - 7 - - 19
Total 4,797 552 4,245 3,143 374 2,769 3,214 559 2,655
Table 5-10: Water use  in water-stressed areas (ML)
2020 2021 2022
WITHDRAWN CONSUMED DISCHARGED WITHDRAWN CONSUMED DISCHARGED WITHDRAWN CONSUMED DISCHARGED
Surface 1 - 16 - - 7 0.1 - 27
Groundwater 81 - 1 54 - 15 152 - 15
Municipal 408 - 449 195 - 212 258 - 349
Seawater - - 0.2 - - 2 - - 6
Total 490 24 466 249 13 236 410 13 397

74     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Best Environmental Project of the Year — Runner up 
at EGYPS Global Sustainability in Energy Awards 2023 
Baker Hughes India Watershed project
Our employees in India combated desertification with 
an ambitious soil and water conservation project to help 
farmers and the local community through an integrated 
watershed management project (see above). In 2022, 
280 hectare of watershed treatments were completed, 
resulting in 1,040 million liters of water storage and 6,450 
tons of CO2e soil carbon sequestration by end of 2022.
The project not only resulted in soil and water 
conservation in rural farmlands by educating farmers to 
adopt sustainable farming and agribusiness practices 
that protect enhanced soil carbon and water content, 
but it also enabled and empowered local community 
members (especially women) to develop sustainable 
streams of income.
The initiative won a runner up award for Best 
Environmental Project of the year at EGYPS 2023 Global 
Sustainability in Energy Awards.
Water conservation in action
Italy: Our Florence and Massa sites utilize an automatic 
supervision system for all drinking water pipes that 
reduces leakages. In 2022, we increased field instruments 
to measure and monitor effective water flow in all drinking 
pipes for these sites, which allows for better, quicker, 
and more effective water management. There was an 
8% reduction of water consumption compared to the 
previous year at our Learning Center in Italy due to the 
installation of electric valves with timers to close/interrupt 
flow for drinking water pipes during the weekends.
The teams identified and fixed water leakages from 
old pipes from the Arno River — one of the key water 
streams of the region - to our Nuovo Pignone plant. The 
guaranteed flow rate was approximately 25 m3 per hour of 
water, and the water leakage was estimated to be over 8 
m3 per hour. Diagnostics, excavations, camera inspections, 
and other techniques of inflating noble gas in the pipes 
were run to detect and successfully fix the leakage.
Risk identification and mitigation
Water risks were identified and assessed utilizing the World 
Resources Institute’s Aqueduct tool, which produced a 
digital risk map that provided a consolidated view of 
Company facilities and operating environments. As of 
year-end 2022, 81 sites were in an area of high water risk 
and 65 were located in an area of extremely high-water 
risk based on their physical, regulatory, and reputational 
risk profile.
The global environment team oversees water quality 
standards and provides site teams with effective tools 
to manage risks, promote effective water management, 
and elevate our conservation practices. Our global water 
quality protection procedure sets the minimum standards 
and requirements for all sites and operations globally, 
regardless of risk profile. Sites with high or extremely 
high water risk are required to complete an additional 
assessment (see Table 5-11) to evaluate their activities 
where water is used, and identify options for conservation, 
improved efficiency and risk mitigation.
Water conservation and management assessments were 
completed at 94 locations in 2022.

Baker Hughes     75
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Table 5-11: Water conservation and management assessment
TOPIC AIMS TO
Screening
Focuses on activities that warrant evaluation of water use, 
including:
• Equipment or chemical manufacturing
• Vehicle or tool washing
• Hydrotesting and laboratory operations
• Cleaning activities including line/vessel rinse
• Outdoor water use/irrigation
Monitoring and 
education
Evaluates actions related to the following:
• Installation and monitoring of water meters
• Leak detection and repair programs
• Implementation of control measures and water shutoff
• Use of “dry” cleaning methods where feasible
• Optimization of water pressure to equipment needs
• Increasing awareness of water conservation and 
management
Fixtures and 
equipment
Identifies equipment or conservation measures associated with:
• Fixtures, equipment, and valves inspection and maintenance
• Automatic sensors and metering of faucets
• Wash bay efficiency evaluations including pre-rinse
• Options for equipment water supply including flow rate
• Evaluation of cooling towers, boilers, and chilled water 
systems
Outdoor water 
use
Provides options for improved water management including:
• Using drip system or weather- based irrigation system
• Maintaining irrigation system components on a routine basis
• Exploring opportunities to plant native/drought-tolerant 
species
• Evaluating reuse of “grey water” for irrigation
Laboratory 
equipment
Evaluates laboratory activities and provides process 
improvements to minimize water usage, including:   
• Assessing purified water usage and reduction opportunities 
• Optimizing vacuum pumps and steam sterilizer usage  
• Routine inspection of recirculating systems as well as fume 
hood filtration systems to ensure proper functionality
Sharing ideas
Provides a forum to collect input, questions, or topics not 
included in the assessment.
• Includes a formal opportunity for site personnel to share best 
practices

76     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Conservation in action:
• Renew Community of Interest and the 
Women’s Network ERG hosted a native tree 
planting activity where they planted drought-
tolerant, native Ghaf trees at the International 
Center for Biosaline Agriculture.
• Our team in Singapore organized a beach 
cleanup on Coney Island (Pulau Serangoon), 
removing 70 bags of marine trash from the 
park.
• In Brunei, Baker Hughes and the Brunei Forestry 
Department planted 260 trees in the Sungai 
Liang Forest Reserve.
Protecting biodiversity  
and natural capital
Biodiversity is our strongest natural 
defense against climate change, and 
we strive to protect and conserve 
biodiversity and natural ecosystems. 
Deforestation can adversely impact 
biodiversity, increase greenhouse gas 
emissions, and contribute to climate 
change. We believe that conserving and 
protecting ecosystems is necessary to 
meet the Paris Agreement goals, the 
United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals, and our Company's commitment 
to environmental sustainability.
We are committed to minimizing 
our adverse impacts on biodiversity, 
protected areas, and areas of significant 
biological value at or near all our 
operational sites. We endeavor to 
minimize our environmental footprint, 
conserve natural habitats, and protect 
and restore ecosystems through 
nature-based projects. As part of our 
commitment to biodiversity, our strategy 
aims to assess 100% of sites on biodiversity 
risk by 2030 and implement risk 
management programs for high risk sites.
Our conservation efforts focus on 
internal standards for establishing sites 
in new areas, sound environmental 
practices throughout our existing 
operations, volunteer efforts by our 
employees, and foundation grants to 
support environmental efforts.
Through the Baker Hughes Foundation, 
we develop partnerships with 
conservation organizations and fund 
environmental projects that protect 
biodiversity and minimize the effects of 
climate change. We strive to support 
environmental projects, such as the 
preservation of sensitive forest areas, 
through enhanced management 
techniques, including reduced impact 
logging practices. 
In 2021, we added biodiversity criteria 
to our due diligence process for any 
new build site that is being considered 
or any newly acquired site. We wanted 
to ensure that any addition to our 
facilities were thoughtfully assessed 
to understand the comprehensive 
potential impacts to the environment 
and the effects on biodiversity in 
surrounding areas and communities. 
Our annual site biodiversity assessment 
is reviewed each year through careful 
controls at each of our locations. 
Regardless of prior years' results, we 
look at every site each year as if it 
were being assessed for the first time. 
In 2022, this attention to detail during 
our due diligence processes revealed 
a site that had not been documented 
previously had potential biodiversity risks 
identified, which had not been identified 
previously. For industrial sites, the review 
of environmental risks includes sensitive 
habitats, such as wetlands, and the 
potential presence of protected species. 
We conduct formal environmental 
impact assessments as required by 
local regulations. This is particularly 
important for new business activities 
around the world, due to the continuing 
changes to our real estate portfolio.
We recognize the UNESCO “No-Go” 
commitment for Natural World Heritage 
sites as an important program for the 
protection of unique and valuable 
locations. 
We are concerned about the potential 
effects that industrial operations can 
Employee volunteer tree planting in Texas

Baker Hughes     77
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
have on protected and ecologically 
sensitive sites. In 2022, we continued 
our methods of engaging internal 
stakeholders to complete our in-depth 
review of our sites. We identified 17 sites 
with operations that are in or adjacent 
to a protected area or an area of high 
biodiversity value outside a protected 
area. This includes locations in Mexico, 
Angola, Australia, France, Germany, the 
United States, and the United Kingdom.
We publicly disclose the presence of 
International Union for Conservation 
of Nature (IUCN) Red List species on or 
adjacent to our Company locations. 
Based on our review, we are reporting 
392 species on the IUCN Red List which 
have habitats in areas that may be 
potentially affected by our operations. 
This is a significant increase from our 
2021 reported species of 201. The majority 
(64%) of the species reported this year 
are classified as Least Concern (251). 
The increase in the number of species 
reported is due to the addition of sites in 
2022 and the increase in species count 
for areas in Alaska.
Protecting air quality
We are committed to managing our air emissions 
aligned to industry best practices and regulatory 
standards. Through robust environmental 
practices, we aim to minimize routine air emissions 
and prevent emergency releases.
We identify, assess, mitigate, and control potential 
sources of air emissions from processes and 
operations, including both stationary and mobile 
sources. Where needed, we install emission-
control devices, such as scrubbers, dust collection 
systems, and paint booths, to protect air quality 
and meet regulatory requirements.
Across our business, employees have worked to 
minimize the use of chemicals that may pose 
a threat to the environment. For example, our 
environmental procedures prohibit the use of 
chlorinated hydrocarbon-based solvents or ozone 
depleting chemicals. We undertake an annual 
comprehensive survey across our operations 
to help us avoid the use of ozone depleting 
substances. Our survey results for 2022 did not 
identify any use of these materials, excluding 
refrigerants used in air conditioning systems.

78     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Reduce spills and report 
them transparently
We are committed to reducing spill volumes to 
minimize potential harm to the communities we 
operate in and the environment. Supported by our 
internal spill prevention and response policy, we are 
striving to reach our strategic outcome to reduce 
the volume of spills at our sites.
This year, spill reduction was identified as a 
focal area for improvement in our operations 
after completing internal assessments. Our spills 
strategy was developed as a framework to drive 
progress towards spill reduction and accountability.
Preventing spills
We strongly believe in being proactive to avoid 
spills through periodic inspection and routine 
maintenance. We have robust internal standards 
and processes to identify any risks of spills and 
have established control measures, such as 
including secondary containment and other 
engineering controls.
Sites are expected to conduct and document 
periodic inspections to identify spill risk factors 
as outlined in the updated spill prevention and 
response procedure. Timely corrective actions or 
improvements must be implemented and tracked 
in our system of record.
When spills do occur, we ensure effective response procedures are 
followed for immediate mitigation of environmental affects and spills 
are promptly reported, as required. Investigating spill incidents is 
integral to our environmental management system, so that we can 
implement corrective actions to prevent recurrence.
Our core control measures to address potential spill  
risks include:
• Ensuring container condition, compatibility, and proper 
handling procedures
• Maintaining equipment, hoses, valves, and vehicles to 
prevent leaks
• Securing containers adequately for safe transport
• Testing control equipment such as high-level alarms
• Conducting tank integrity testing in accordance with 
regulatory requirements
• Completing routine site inspections
• Following proper procedures for liquid transfer activities
• Affirming adequate secondary containment for liquid 
storage areas
• Conducting spill drills to increase effectiveness of 
response capability
of our tanks as a preventative 
measure to identify any 
potential risks of spills.
We inspected 
98%

Baker Hughes     79
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Reporting spills
To foster and drive a preventative 
approach to spills, all of our global sites 
are required to report every spill and 
categorize accurately, regardless of the 
volume.
In 2022, we continued to focus on 
increasing the rigor of our spills 
reporting which resulted in an increase 
in the number of spills reported 
compared to 2021. The quantity of 
spills reported increased; however, our 
significant spill volume — as defined by 
GRI standard - decreased by 51%.
We recognize that although our 
significant spills volume decreased, 
there is still opportunity to improve in 
this area. In 2022, we saw increased 
spill volume in the categories of oil, 
fuel, and chemical spills. The increase 
in these categories was the result of a 
small number of high volume spills. For 
example, a singular spill caused by a 
process failure contributed 65% of our 
total oil spill volume. All significant spill 
occurrences go through a stringent 
root cause analysis and corrective 
action procedure that identifies points 
of failure in processes which led to 
the spill. Detailed investigations are 
required immediately following a spill 
that document contributing factors and 
ways to prevent future spills. 
We know that all spills regardless of 
volume can have an impact to our 
environment. That is why we have 
created a dedicated strategic outcome 
to reduce spill volume across our sites. 
This will require us to reflect inward on 
our internal procedures, processes, and 
culture as we work to minimize points of 
failure that could lead to spills. We will 
continue to diligently focus on process 
control in operations, conduct effective 
field training, investigate root causes, 
execute corrective action plans, and 
improve preventative maintenance on 
our equipment and chemical storage.
Table 5-12: Spill volume (barrels)
2019 2020 2021 2022
Significant 
spills 1,598 738 1,693 827
Oil spills 214 28 6 37
Fuel spills 3 <1 2 3
Waste spills <1 <1 1 1
Chemical 
spills 350 155 130 378
Managing chemicals
Four facilities in our OFSE segment 
were recognized in 2022 by the 
Society of Chemical Manufacturers 
& Affiliates (SOCMA) for excellence 
in environmental, health and safety 
initiatives. The Baker Hughes Rayne 
Blend Plant in Rayne, Louisiana 
was honored with two 2022 Silver 
Performance Improvement Awards in 
the categories of Product Stewardship 
and Resource Management and Waste 
Minimization. Also, the Bayport facility 
in Pasadena, Texas, and the chemical 
facilities in Bakersfield, California, and 
Kilgore, Texas, were each given a 2022 
Silver Award in Resource Management 
and Waste Minimization.
Baker Hughes is a longtime participant 
in ChemStewards®, a rigorous 
program to foster and improve upon 
a culture of facility safety, product 
stewardship, environmental safeguards, 
risk reduction, and stakeholder 
engagement. Now in its 17th year, the 
annual Performance Improvement 
Awards recognize companies 
demonstrating best practices in these 
areas.
David Bianchi | Gas Service Technical Training Academy Director 
Xiluva Mondlane | Gas Service Field Service Engineer 
Industrial & Energy Technology

80     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Principles
81  Performance snapshot
82  Our Principles strategy
84  Champion compliance and integrity 
88  Ensure sustainable governance
91  Strive for sustainable, diverse, and inclusive supply chains
92  Uphold the highest health, safety, and environment standards
Jose Ramirez | Lead Engineer, Mechanical Component, OFSE

Baker Hughes     81
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITY KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS 2020 2021 2022
Ethics and governance 
# of employees who completed the annual Code of Conduct training,  
including training on ethics, compliance, and anti-corruption 53,370 50,161 53,846 
% of employees who completed the annual Code  
of Conduct training 98 92  97
% of governance body members who have received training on anti-corruption*26 - 90 99
% of operations assessed for risks related to corruption* - 100 100
% of enterprise security personnel, including full-time security personnel and 
embedded contractors, trained in human rights policies or procedures* - 100 100
# of identified leaks, thefts, or losses of customer data - - -
# of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy - - -
Supply chain 
# of certified Supplier Social Responsibility Program (SSRP) auditors
27
152 93 84
# of SSRP audits 434 545 408
# of SSRP audit red flag findings 965 1,696 1,343
% of audits that were re-audits 74 82 81
% of audit red flag findings closed within 90 days28 83 95 95
# of suppliers rejected due to SSRP policy 21 52 23
% of local spend 82 77 81
Local spend (billion USD) $7B $7.7B $13B
Health and safety
# of HSE leadership engagements 68,886 66,716 64,550
# of HSE observations 1,038,071 1,051,723 1,071,845
Average hours HSE trainings - employees** - - 5.3
Average hours HSE trainings - contractors** - - 0.64
Perfect HSE Days 200 204 217
# of near misses 1,299 1,075 1,017
Total recordable incident rate 0.23 0.28 0.22
Days away from work rate29 0.11 0.13 0.11
# of days away from work cases 104 97 86
# of employee work-related fatalities - - 1
# of contractor work-related fatalities - - -
# of total recordable illness30 69 37 5
# of musculoskeletal disorders** - - 2
# of diseases caused by physical agents** - - 3
# of vehicle incidents** - - 213
*New 2021 metric, **New 2022 metric
26 Governance body members include 116 Senior Executive Band and above employees, which include the most senior-level managers and individual contributors, such as Vice 
Presidents and above.
27 The 2022 value is not comparable to historic data due to change in definition of “auditor.”
28 A red-flag finding is a warning sign. Once found, new suppliers should not be issued an order unless further review indicates that there is no issue or until significant progress has 
been made on the corrective action.
29 Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) is calculated using OSHA standard.
30 Work-related ill health metrics are reported in accordance with the GRI standards, which are based on the OSHA guidelines. Occupational cancer, skin injuries, respiratory disease, 
disease caused by chemical agents, biological agents and infectious or parasitic diseases, mental and behavioral diseases, and other diseases accounted for 0% of illness in 
2022.
This dashboard represents our progress on key performance indicators over time. We continue to improve our reporting by establishing quantitative goals and performance metrics 
that contribute to the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).
Principles  
performance snapshot

82     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
0.22
Total recordable 
incident rate
100%
Enterprise security 
personnel trained  
on human rights
95%
SSRP red flag findings 
closed within 90 days
97%
Employees who 
completed the annual 
Code of Conduct training
Building on the commitments outlined 
in our 2021 Corporate Responsibility 
report, our Principles mission has two 
key goals and four objectives.
Our governance initiatives, programs, 
and policies drive a culture of 
transparency and integrity, ensuring 
that we do the right thing, beyond 
compliance. We aim to take energy 
forward responsibly - with integrity and 
transparency.
OUR GOALS HOW WE WILL DELIVER SUCCESS HOW WE WILL MEASURE SUCCESS
Principles
1. Drive a culture of 
transparency and 
integrity - doing the 
right thing beyond 
compliance
• Champion compliance  
and ethics
• Ensure sustainable 
governance
• Uphold the highest health, 
safety, and environment 
standards 
• Strive for principled, diverse, 
and inclusive supply chains
• 100% of targeted personnel trained annually on 
human rights policies and procedures 
• Specialized human rights training completed for >80%  
Supplier Social Responsibility Program (SSRP) auditors 
and sourcing by 2025
• Process to record, track and monitor human rights 
grievances in place Q1 2024
• Total Recordable Incident Rate <0.3
• All Perfect HSE Days
• Active suppliers assessed for environmental criteria 
every three years
• 90% of SSRP audit red-flag findings closed within 90 
days
• 90% completion rate for SSRP planned audits
• 80% of suppliers agreeing to BH Integrity Guide by 2030
2. Take energy forward 
responsibly with 
integrity and 
transparency
1. Drive a culture of 
transparency and 
integrity - doing the 
right thing beyond 
compliance
2. Take energy forward 
responsibly with 
integrity and 
transparency
Giuseppe Sammarco | Senior Construction Manager, GTE MFG Avenza Plant, Industrial & Energy Technology
Our Principles strategy

Baker Hughes     83
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Giuseppe Sammarco | Senior Construction Manager, GTE MFG Avenza Plant, Industrial & Energy Technology

84     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Champion 
compliance  
and integrity
Ethics and compliance
Our ethics and compliance program 
is designed to prevent, detect, and 
respond to any potential violations of 
law, our Code of Conduct, and other 
Company policies and procedures. This 
company-wide commitment to integrity 
is fundamental to running a sound, 
successful, and sustainable business.
Our Code of Conduct, approved by our 
Board of Directors, governs our behavior. 
Our compliance team, led by our Chief 
Compliance Officer, is tasked with 
the operationalization of the Code of 
Conduct.
Each year, employees, including senior 
leaders, are required to complete online 
training on our Code of Conduct, which 
includes training segments on policies 
and procedures for human rights, anti- 
corruption, data privacy, cybersecurity, 
conflict of interest, trade compliance, 
and other compliance topics. In 2022, 
99% of governance body members31 
and 97% of the entire employee 
population completed the annual 
Code of Conduct training. As part of 
our objective to champion compliance 
and ethics, each year we aim to reach 
100% of our employee population, 
including governance body members, 
completing the code of conduct training. 
While we did not reach that value in 
2022, we achieved a 5% year-over-
year improvement. In addition to the 
annual training, employees engage 
How to report a concern
+1 800 288 8475 (U.S. Toll Free)
+1 713 626 0521 (Collect)
BakerHughes.Ombuds@
bakerhughes.com
17021 Aldine Westfield Road,  
Houston, Texas, 77073, USA
with monthly awareness campaigns on 
topics including human rights, modern 
slavery, and anti-discrimination, and 
are encouraged to integrate integrity 
moments, quick reminders of high 
importance compliance topics, policies, 
and procedures into internal and 
external meetings.
Open reporting and consultation
We believe that a culture in which 
all employees maintain the highest 
levels of integrity, conduct business 
in a professional manner, treat one 
another with dignity and respect, and 
support open communication without 
repercussions creates a better and 
more productive work environment.
Employees and other stakeholders 
have several ways to raise compliance 
concerns, and they are encouraged 
to report any ethics or compliance 
matters. Our Fair Employment Practice 
policy prohibits retaliation against an 
employee for raising a concern about 
a potential violation of policy or law. 
Reporting mechanisms include raising 
a concern with their direct manager, a 
global network of Ombuds, a dedicated 
website where employees can report 
concerns and anonymize if desired, and 
a worldwide 24-hour helpline operated 
by a third party and available in 150 
languages. All concerns raised are 
investigated and treated confidentially.
We take all allegations regarding our 
Code of Conduct, the law, and various 
policies seriously, and investigate 
allegations with a rigorous, and 
disciplined investigations process that 
drives consistency in process and in 
discipline.
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption
Our Code of Conduct includes a 
summary of our global anti-bribery and 
corruption policy, which prohibits bribery 
and facilitating payments in all business 
dealings, including with governments, 
employees of state-owned companies, 
and private sector entities. As part of 
our compliance program, to prevent 
bribery, we have internal controls, such 
as online and live trainings in high-
risk countries, and policies addressing 
compliance-sensitive activities, such as 
travel, expenses, charitable donations, 
and transactions with third parties.
For our Enterprise Risk Management 
(ERM) process, each year, leaders from 
each business segment and functions 
hold workshops to discuss and assess 
compliance risks and deploy risk 
mitigation plans. In 2022, all four product 
companies were assessed for risks 
related to compliance, including risks 
from corruption. Relevant risks identified 
as part of the risk assessment process 
include bribery and corruption risks 
within our value chain.
31  Governance body members include 116 Senior Executive Band and above employees, which include the most senior-level managers and individual contributors, such as Vice 
Presidents and above.
Filippo Camporeale | Shop operator, Industrial & Energy Technology

Baker Hughes     85
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Human rights
Human rights are fundamental rights 
and freedoms to which every individual 
is equally and inalienably entitled. We 
recognize human rights as a universal 
obligation to uphold, and a core 
principle to our business practices. As 
a signatory of the UN Global Compact, 
we are committed to advancing the Ten 
Principles and the SDGs.
Our Human Rights Policy applies to all 
employees, business partners, vendors, 
suppliers, and contractors. This policy is 
informed by the UN Guiding Principles 
on Business and Human Rights and our 
Code of Conduct. It is supported by a 
framework of policies and guidelines, 
setting forth the expectations that 
we do what is right and safe and 
consider the well-being of our people, 
suppliers, customers, communities, and 
environment.
We integrate onboarding, training, 
management, due diligence, and 
reporting systems to identify, prevent, 
mitigate, and take prompt corrective 
action to address identified compliance 
issues. Due diligence tools we rely on 
include, but are not limited to, legal 
and regulatory compliance reviews 
and supplier audits. When adverse 
human rights impacts or violations 
are identified relating to our business 
activities or from linkages to our 
operations, we are committed to 
taking timely and transparent action 
to remediate in a fair and equitable 
manner. Grievance mechanisms are 
available for all individuals across our 
value chain. Confidentiality is respected, 
and individuals may choose to remain 
anonymous.
Filippo Camporeale | Shop operator, Industrial & Energy Technology

86     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Our human rights pledge
We commit to responsible business 
practices, high standards of integrity 
and ethical conduct, compliance with 
all applicable laws, and respect for 
the rights and dignity of all people. We 
respect human rights as expressed in 
the International Bill of Human Rights 
and the fundamental conventions of 
the International Labour Organization 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles 
and Rights at Work. If there is a conflict 
between internationally recognized 
human rights and national laws, we 
will follow processes that seek ways to 
honor the principles of international 
human rights. Human rights are so 
essential to our work that they are 
incorporated into our sustainability 
strategy, underpinning our commitment 
to integrity and ethical conduct. We 
prohibit slavery, servitude, forced and 
compulsory labor, human trafficking, 
and child labor — collectively “modern 
slavery” (see our Modern Slavery Act 
Statement for more information). We 
prohibit discrimination or harassment 
against any employee or applicant 
based on race, color, religion, national or 
ethnic origin, sex (including pregnancy), 
sexual orientation, gender identity or 
expression, age, disability, veteran 
status, or other characteristics protected 
by law (see our Fair Employment 
Practices Statement available on every 
vacancy announcement).
We seek to provide a work environment 
free from all unlawful forms of 
harassment and bullying, including 
sexual harassment, and furthering 
workplace health and safety.
We respect the freedom of association 
and right to collective bargaining.
We respect individual privacy rights 
and commit to processing, collecting, 
handling, and protecting personal 
information responsibly, in compliance 
with applicable privacy and information 
security laws, our Data Privacy Policy, 
and related policies, guidelines, and 
notices.
We respect the human rights of local 
communities, including vulnerable, 
marginalized, and indigenous 
groups. Our businesses engage 
with communities, customers, 
local governments, and other key 
stakeholders to integrate local 
considerations into operational plans. In 
instances where local communities may 
be adversely impacted by our activities, 
our businesses are supported by 
functional teams and processes which 
work to manage and mitigate potential 
impacts on public well-being.
Data privacy and 
cybersecurity
We take cybersecurity and data privacy 
seriously. We respect rights to data 
protection and privacy. In 2022, we had 
zero identified leaks, thefts, or losses of 
customer data and zero substantiated 
complaints received concerning 
breaches of customer privacy.
We maintain cybersecurity and digital 
trust compliance programs aimed at 
protecting our systems and information, 
complying with relevant laws and 
regulations, and maintaining the highest 
level of trust. Our programs are focused 
on building digital trust through sound 
oversight of cybersecurity and data 
privacy protections and the responsible 
use of data and technology.
Ping Duan | Engineering Manager, OFSE and Jennifer Budnik | Product Marketing Specialist, OFSE

Baker Hughes     87
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Ping Duan | Engineering Manager, OFSE and Jennifer Budnik | Product Marketing Specialist, OFSE
We protect our digital systems and data 
through a comprehensive cybersecurity 
management program, and we operate 
an integrated Cyber Fusion Center to 
coordinate resources, reduce incident 
response time, and shift toward a 
proactive cyber-defense model.
Oversight responsibilities for our 
cybersecurity and digital trust 
compliance programs and risks lie 
with the Audit Committee of our 
Board of Directors. To emphasize the 
Board’s commitment to cybersecurity, 
Director Rice recently obtained the 
NACD CERT Certificate in Cybers-Risk 
Oversight. The Board recognizes the 
rapidly evolving nature of cyber threats 
and is committed to the prevention, 
timely detection, and mitigation of 
the effects of any such incidents on 
the Company and our stakeholders. 
Our Audit Committee receives reports 
on the Company’s cybersecurity 
program and developments from our 
Chief Information Officer and Chief 
Information Security Officer at each 
of our regular Board meetings. These 
reports include analyses of recent 
cybersecurity threats and incidents 
across the industry, review of our own 
security controls, assessments and 
program maturity, and risk mitigation 
status.
Our executive leadership is actively 
engaged in the oversight of our 
cybersecurity and digital trust 
compliance programs. The executive 
leadership-level committees provide 
oversight and strategic direction 
for cybersecurity and digital trust 
compliance programs and our risk 
mitigation efforts.
Incident reporting and management
Employees and stakeholders can 
report cybersecurity threats, data 
privacy incidents, or other concerns 
through external and internal reporting 
channels. We have established policies 
and procedures for responding to 
cybersecurity and privacy incidents, 
including protocols for escalating to 
executive leadership, engaging external 
stakeholders, and reporting incidents.
Cybersecurity
We leverage the United States National 
Institute of Standards and Technology 
(NIST) cybersecurity framework to 
drive strategic direction and maturity 
improvement. We engage third-party 
security experts for risk assessments 
and program enhancements, including 
ransomware vulnerability assessments, 
cybersecurity tabletop exercises and 
internal phishing awareness campaigns. 
We also maintain information security 
risk insurance coverage. The Company 
has not experienced a material 
cybersecurity breach to date.
Privacy and Digital Trust Compliance
Baker Hughes’ Global Digital Trust 
Compliance Program seeks to ensure
that business and personal information 
is protected and handled in accordance 
with applicable law, our policies, 
applicable contractual obligations, and 
standards for privacy, cybersecurity, and 
information governance. The mandate 
and goal of our Digital Trust Compliance 
Program is to mitigate risks with a 
trust-centered purpose and to drive 
accountability for compliance business 
obligations and responsible use of data 
and technology through our Company’s 
values, our Code of Conduct, and 
our integrity programs. The program 
includes policies and procedures, 
enterprise risk assessment, privacy 
impact assessments, incident response 
and management, regular audits, 
mandatory cybersecurity and privacy 
training, and ongoing awareness 
campaigns for our employees to 
understand our policies and compliance 
requirements relevant to their functions.
Product security
Our product security approach spans 
three critical cornerstones: people, 
process, and technology. It is based on 
international standards, regulations, and 
industry best practices, such as:
• ISO 27001 - Information technology — 
Security techniques
• IEC-62443 suite — Industrial Network 
and System Security
This holistic approach seeks to ensure 
that organizational and technical 
security measures are integrated into 
the product development lifecycle at all 
stages, from requirements specification, 
to design, implementation, operation, 
and maintenance. Methods and tools 
commonly accepted by both the 
security and industry communities are 
used to ship products free of known 
vulnerabilities.
We take 
cybersecurity 
and data privacy 
seriously. We 
respect rights to 
data protection 
and privacy.

88     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Ensure sustainable 
governance
Corporate governance
Our framework for corporate 
governance is set forth in our 
Governance Principles, committee 
charters, and our Fifth Amended and 
Restated Bylaws, which can be found on 
our website.
Our Governance Principles provide 
guidelines for Board matters, including 
the leadership structure of the Board. 
Written charters for the Board’s Audit 
Committee, Human Capital and 
Compensation Committee, Governance 
and Corporate Responsibility 
Committee, and Finance Committee 
describe the roles and responsibilities 
of each committee. Additionally, our 
Code of Conduct applies to all officers, 
directors, and employees.
Our Board of Directors
Operating responsibly and with 
accountability to serve the best 
interests of our stakeholders requires 
sound corporate governance—a 
commitment that begins with our Board 
of Directors. Our Board recognizes that 
operating responsibly — minimizing the 
environmental impact of our operations, 
fostering employee engagement, and 
respecting human rights by creating 
an environment of respect, integrity, 
and fairness for our employees and 
customers wherever we do business —  
is fundamental to the long-term 
success of our Company.
Our Board exhibits a broad mix of skills, 
experience, diversity, and perspectives, 
collectively demonstrating leadership 
and a substantive understanding of 
our strategy as an energy technology 
Company. Our directors’ sustainability 
expertise includes direct experience 
with human resources and talent 
development, legal and corporate 
governance issues, environmental and 
safety regulations, and risk oversight 
including cybersecurity, finance, and 
operations. Our Governance and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee, 
which recommends director candidates 
for annual election, evaluates the 
composition of the Board annually and 
identifies desired skills, experience, and 
capabilities. The committee strives to 
maintain a Board with varied expertise 
and perspective and one that reflects 
diversity, including but not limited to 
gender, ethnicity, background, and 
experience.
As part of our sustainability strategy, 
we plan to have our Board and other 
executive staff complete annual ESG-
related trainings to continue to develop 
knowledge in sustainability. At present, 
four of our directors, including our 
CEO, have skills and experience in ESG. 
Additional information can be found in 
our 2023 proxy filing.
Contacting the Board
To provide our shareholders and other 
interested parties with a direct and open 
line of communication to our Board, 
shareholders may communicate with 
any member of the Board, including 
our independent lead director, the 
chair of any committee, or with the 
non-management directors of Baker 
Hughes as a group by sending such 
written communication to our Corporate 
Secretary, c/o Baker Hughes Company, 
17021 Aldine Westfield Road, Houston, 
Texas, 77073, USA or by email at 
boardofdirectors@bakerhughes.com.
Governance of 
sustainability
The Board Governance and Corporate 
Responsibility Committee has oversight 
responsibility for our environmental 
matters including monitoring our 
sustainability strategy and initiatives and 
management of sustainability-related 
risks. The Governance and Corporate 
Responsibility Committee receives 
regular reports from management on 
the Company’s environmental, health 
and safety, corporate responsibility, 
and sustainability activities and risks, 
including risks related to climate change, 
among others. The Governance and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee also 
oversees the publication of this report.
The primary responsibility for 
developing, managing, and executing 
our sustainability strategy rests with 
our management team. Our Chief 
Sustainability Officer (CSO) oversees 
our sustainability strategy and chairs 
our Sustainability Steering Team. The 
Steering team works with subject 
matter working teams to manage 
our sustainability priorities, set goals, 
monitor our progress, and coordinate 
our sustainability reporting. We also 
have a formalized sustainability 
management structure with designated 
executive sponsors, including the Chief 
Legal Officer, Chief Human Resources 
Officer, and the Senior Vice President of 
Enterprise Operational Excellence that 
report to the Board Chair/CEO.
On a working level, sustainability is 
driven by a unified approach, across all 
functions and both segments, working 
with our People, Planet, and Principles 
teams to operationalize sustainability. 
The actions of these teams are 
described within this report.
So that everyone at Baker Hughes is 
responsible for sustainability, we plan to 
align annual executive compensation 
to ESG outcomes by 2025. We have 
a strong stated and demonstrated 
commitment to reduce scope 1, 2 and 3 
carbon emissions over time, alongside 
many additional ESG-related objectives. 
The ESG-related metrics currently 
included in our short-term-incentive 
plan, as discussed and approved by 
the Human Capital & Compensation 
Committee each year and socialized 
with many of our investors during 
bi-annual engagement sessions, 
currently include HSE-related goals, DEI 
representation goals across multiple 
employee groups, and scope 1 and 2 
emissions reduction goals relative to

Baker Hughes     89
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
our 2019 base year. Also included is 
development of the scope 3 emissions 
reduction roadmap for our internal 
scope 3 emissions reduction goal. 
Additional information can be found in 
our 2023 proxy filing.
Buffering sustainability 
risks through our Enterprise 
Risk Management process
We identify risks to our strategic and 
business objectives utilizing an effective 
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
process — a risk-based management 
and continuous monitoring program that 
is aligned to the business cycle, leads to 
more informed decision-making, and 
builds resilience across the organization.
Our ERM process includes an annual risk 
review with representatives of business 
segments and various functions to 
proactively identify and monitor key risks 
and opportunities that have significant 
potential to affect our business or 
strategy.
Every identified risk is rated according 
to probability, impact (including 
environmental, social, and governance 
impact), and preparedness. Those that 
are identified as severe require enhanced 
monitoring and improvement efforts.
Identified risks are then reviewed with 
executive leadership for validation 
and alignment. Executive sponsors 
are assigned to the top risks and key 
risk indicators, and mitigation actions 
are established. The ERM Steering 
Committee and the Board of Directors 
have oversight of the ERM program and 
can recommend further analysis or, in 
some cases, specific improvements to 
strengthen the Company’s safeguards.
The ERM executive sponsors review 
response actions and key risk indicators 
with the risk owners, and quarterly 
updates are presented to the Executive 
Leadership Team. ERM risks are reviewed 
during Board of Directors and various 
Board committee meetings throughout 
the year.
Given the interconnectedness of key 
risks, the ERM team works closely with 
risk champions across various levels of 
the organization to introduce, support, 
and promulgate risk management 
behaviors and to ensure an integrated 
approach to risk management.
A summary of our Company’s material 
risks is presented in our 2022 Form 10-K 
filing and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q.
Figure 6-1: Board of Directors oversight of environmental, social and governance matters
AUDIT  
COMMITTEE
FINANCE  
COMMITTEE
GOVERNANCE & CORPORATE 
RESPONSIBILITY COMMITTEE
HUMAN CAPITAL AND 
COMPENS ATION COMMITTEE
• ESG disclosures in  
sec filings
• Human rights concerns
• Cybersecurity
• Supplier audit program
• ESG investments
• Investor relations
• Corporate responsibility 
report
• ESG reporting standards/ 
metrics
• HSE program
• Human trafficking
• ESG policy/regulatory 
updates
• Charitable giving
• Political contributions
• Board composition and 
governance
• Diversity, equity,  
and inclusion
• Compensation tied  
to ESG
• Competitive benefits 
and compensation
• Talent retention
• Succession planning
• Training and 
development
• Talent planning/culture 
for energy transition
Board and committee oversight of environmental, social, and governance matters
Our Board recognizes that operating responsibly – minimizing the environmental impact of our operations, 
fostering employee engagement, and respecting human rights by creating an environment of respect, integrity, 
and fairness for our employees and customers wherever we do business – is fundamental to the long-term 
success of our Company. The Board and committees oversee significant ESG topics as follows:

90     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Tax
We recognize that, among our duties to 
our shareholders, we have an obligation 
to pay no more tax than is due under 
laws and regulations of countries in 
which we and our subsidiaries operate, 
in accordance with rules set by 
governments.
In 2022, we reported net tax cash 
payments to governments totaling $498 
million. Our tax payments are disclosed 
as part of our audited financial 
statements. Our United Kingdom tax 
policy is publicly available and can be 
found on our website.
The Vice President of Tax is responsible 
for, and implements, our tax strategy, 
reporting directly to the Chief Financial 
Officer. The VP of Tax is supported by 
a team of in-house tax professionals 
based in primary operational locations.
We understand that sometimes there 
is more than one tax outcome in 
commercially motivated transactions. 
However, we do not willfully engage in 
tax schemes nor structure transactions 
in such a way that our tax team 
considers the transactions contrary to 
the clear intentions of the tax legislation 
concerned.
Tax incentives and exemptions 
are sometimes implemented by 
governments and fiscal authorities 
in order to support investment, 
employment, and economic 
development. Where these exist and 
are applicable to our business, we seek 
to apply them in the manner intended, 
taking external professional advice 
where necessary.
We monitor changes in tax laws and 
tax practices to manage tax risk. This is 
a key area of focus of our in-house tax 
professionals with regular training from 
both in-house subject matter experts 
and external advisors, to train staff on 
the skills to identify and address tax risks. 
Knowledge is shared among the tax 
group with the discussion of relevant tax 
technical information.
Our approach to cooperation and 
transparency is beneficial to our 
stakeholders and investors, as well as to 
the governments in countries in which 
we do business. Transparency initiatives, 
such as Advanced Pricing Agreements 
(APAs), promote several advantages 
to governments, including access to 
business information and strategies as 
well as efficient staffing of audit resources. 
We have several APAs in process with key 
jurisdiction where we operate.
We strive to achieve low-risk 
designations which allows us to focus 
the resources of our tax organization 
on material transactions and ensure 
effective and efficient ongoing tax 
compliance. Pursuant to Generally 
Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), 
companies typically are required to 
establish relevant tax reserves to cover 
instances where tax positions are 
uncertain, subject to audit, or under 
dispute. We expect our ongoing efforts 
to engage in broader transparency with 
tax administrations, to result in lower tax 
reserves over time.
It is our policy to be compliant, 
transparent, and proactive in 
interactions with tax authorities. Where 
appropriate, we will engage with tax 
authorities to assist with the shaping of 
future legislation and tax policy. We will 
make fair and accurate disclosures in 
correspondence and returns and respond 
to queries and information requests in a 
timely manner.
Where disputes arise with tax authorities, in 
areas of doubt or where legal interpretations 
differ, we endeavor to address the matter 
promptly, provide support for the position 
taken and resolve it in a responsible, open, 
and timely manner. Questions or concerns 
about issues related to tax can be reported 
through our public compliance line at 
reportconcerns.bakerhughes.com, or by 
calling 1-800-288-8475 (U.S. only) or 1-713-
626-0521 (International) to anonymously 
speak with a third-party agent.
The tax department plays a critical role in 
delivering value for the organization in four 
key areas of our sustainable development 
strategies: funding initiatives through 
grants, credits, and discretionary incentives; 
understanding how to unlock value in 
indirect tax, property tax, and excise tax; 
identifying value chain opportunities; and 
evaluating mergers and acquisitions through 
a sustainable business value lens.
Tax can provide guidance on how to 
claim and utilize grants, credits, and 
discretionary incentives. The U.S. Inflation 
Reduction Act’s energy transition-related 
provisions highlight the tax function’s key 
role in advancing decarbonization goals 
and related investments in our sustainable 
development strategies.
We are committed to ensuring compliance with tax 
requirements worldwide and to maintaining an open and 
constructive relationship with tax authorities. We have  
zero-tolerance for tax evasion and maintains procedures to 
prevent the facilitation of tax evasion.
Izekor Nosa Bill | Shop Operator, Industrial & Energy Technology

Baker Hughes     91
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Strive for sustainable, 
diverse, and inclusive 
supply chains
We ensure that the suppliers we work 
with adhere to our high standards. As 
a major equipment manufacturer and 
service provider, we use our influence 
to raise the standards of our industry 
through our policies and programs. 
Our Supplier Integrity Guide governs 
all aspects of our relationships with 
suppliers, contractors, consortium 
partners, and consultants. By 2050, 
we aim to have 80% of our suppliers 
agreeing to our Integrity Guide. Our 
sustainable supply-chain framework 
consists of four core pillars, the details 
of which can be found in our 2021 
Corporate Responsibility report.
Our Supplier Social Responsibility Program 
(SSRP) is designed to prevent, detect, and 
appropriately respond to any potential 
violations of the law or Company 
policies. As a part of the SSRP, all new 
direct material suppliers are screened 
and assessed for social risks. SSRP sets 
standards for and monitors compliance 
of our suppliers’ HSE, ethics, compliance, 
and human rights performance. Suppliers 
that are flagged as “high risk” in these 
topics are further audited. We suspend 
business relationships with suppliers 
immediately in the case of serious labor- 
related findings.
As part of our sustainability strategy, 
by 2025, we will be implementing a 
specialized human rights training for 
our SSRP auditors and sourcing team. 
In addition, we also aim to have a 90% 
of SSRP audit red-flag32 findings closed 
within 90 days and a 90% completion 
rate for SSRP planned audit, which we 
achieved in 2022. While we were able 
to achieve our goals in 2022, we had 
a 10% year-over-year decrease in the 
number of audits due to a change 
in the definition of an auditor. We 
do not believe that there have been 
significant impacts due to this change 
as evidenced by a stable percentage 
of audits with 81% in 2022, compared to 
82% in 2021.
32  A red-flag finding is a warning sign. Once found, new suppliers should not be issued an order unless further review indicates that there is no issue or until significant progress has 
been made on the corrective action.
Izekor Nosa Bill | Shop Operator, Industrial & Energy Technology

92     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Uphold the highest health, 
safety, and environment 
standards
Occupational safety
We strive to operate safely and responsibly to take care 
of our people, customers, partners, community, and the 
environment.
Our commitment to health, safety, and environment 
(HSE) starts at the highest levels of our Company and is 
embedded throughout all layers of the organization. As 
we continue our focus on the health and safety of our 
employees, we strive for everyday to be a Perfect HSE 
Day where all employees return from work safely. In 2022, 
Baker Hughes achieved improvements in several health 
and safety metrics. Despite these successes in reducing 
overall health and safety incidents, we are saddened to 
report the loss of one of our colleagues who was fatally 
injured while conducting field activities in Ecuador.
We encourage and empower all employees to take 
an active role in “owning” HSE by stopping work when 
conditions are unsafe and reporting observations, 
near misses, and stop-work events through open 
reporting channels. As part of our sustainability strategy 
and our objective to uphold high health, safety, and 
environmental standards, we also have two objectives 
for HSE: to maintain our TRIR below 0.3 and to have 365 
Perfect HSE Days. In 2022, we achieved our goal with a 
TRIR of 0.22.
Our teams are required to complete recurring training. 
We offer more than 230 unique HSE courses including 
foundational training required for all employees, 
workplace and job specific training, and human-
performance leadership training for managers. Our 
ambition is to make every day a Perfect HSE Day—one 
without serious injuries, accidents, or harm to the 
environment. In 2022, we achieved 217 Perfect HSE Days, 
up 6% from 2021., but short of our target of 365 Perfect 
HSE Days.
Our HSE management system
Our HSE Management System is an enterprise-wide 
framework that drives continuous improvement in 
performance and compliance across our operations.
We take a multi-tiered approach that enables leadership 
at various levels (country, business, or product level) 
to create localized and relevant procedures. This 
approach allows for more detailed task-level standards 
and compliance with applicable obligations, including 
regulatory and customer requirements. All employees, 
including directly supervised contractors, are covered by 
the management system.
The management system is formally reviewed annually 
to identify any changes or improvements from relevant 
stakeholder groups, such as regulators, industry, public 
and business operations. Identified improvements are 
adopted and revisions are published and communicated 
to the organization. Employees are encouraged to provide 
feedback, request revisions or clarification at any time. 
If changes are made to documents, we follow a revision 
publication process and communicate the changes to 
employees.
Our management system and respective policies and 
procedures conform to the recognized International 
Organization for Standardization (ISO) certifications, 
noted below. Depending on the business needs, for key 
operations, we hold individual or multi-site certifications 
to these standards33. At sites where a third-party 
certificate is not applicable, the management system at 
those locations meet or exceed the requirements of the 
ISO standard(s) since all relevant internal policies and 
procedures are aligned to ISO standards.
33  Business needs may include a customer’s’ contractual requirements.
Izekor Nosa Bill | Shop Operator, Industrial & Energy Technology

Baker Hughes     93
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
87 
sites were certified to ISO 14001, 
the international standard for 
environmental management 
systems 
61 
sites were certified to ISO 45001, 
the international standards for 
occupational health and safety 
management systems 
245 
sites were certified to ISO 9001, 
the international standard for 
quality management systems 
In addition, our internal 
standards are aligned to ISO 
50001, the international standard 
for energy management 
systems in support of our 
energy-efficiency goals. One 
site is also certified to the ISO 
50001 standard.
Independent reviews  
are conducted through the 
multi-site certification process  
and external audits. 
Izekor Nosa Bill | Shop Operator, Industrial & Energy Technology

94     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Our approach to health and safety
Health, safety, and the environment 
(HSE) principles are embedded in 
everything we do and how we work — 
from protecting the safety of our teams, 
operations, and the environment, to 
maintaining compliance with external 
parties, customers, and regulatory 
requirements.
Our commitment to HSE starts at the 
highest levels of our Company and is 
embedded throughout all layers of the 
organization. Our Senior Vice President 
of Enterprise Operations Excellence, 
in partnership with our HSE Leader, 
is responsible for our HSE systems 
and standards. We had a small, 3% 
decline in leadership engagements 
from 2021. Leadership engagements 
are down slightly over the prior year. 
To improve performance in this area, 
we have implemented additional 
efforts for leaders, including providing 
targeted messaging to engagements 
and reference materials. We restated 
our expectations with leaders on 
compliance with engagements. We 
also implemented an expansion of 
our tool to enable a wider selection of 
engagement categories and introduced 
a mobile application to efficiently record 
engagements in real-time while at a 
job site or facility. Occupational health 
risk identification and mitigation are 
managed through our global health 
team. Management leads in the 
communication and implementation 
of health-related activities and 
communicates and implements HSE 
priorities and metrics into strategic 
planning, operations, and business 
reviews. HSE employee engagements 
are conducted by leadership regularly 
and reported monthly in our data 
management system. All employees 
and contractors have a responsibility 
and are empowered to actively own 
HSE to ensure the health and safety 
of everyone around them. In 2022, we 
logged 1,071,845 HSE observations, a 
modest 2% increase in observations 
since last year.
Health and safety is at the core of our 
culture as we are committed to doing 
the right thing to protect our employees, 
customers, the communities where we 
live and work, and the environment. 
We use a risk-based approach to 
determine hazards that could lead to 
adverse health, safety, environment, 
and quality (HSEQ) impacts or cause 
Left to Right: Idvard Jose Pires Junior | Lead Services Specialist, Training, WHEC
Marcel Geraud | Technical Training Manager, Integrated Solutions, WHEC
Adriana Sanchez Nunez De Caceres | Technical Training Manager, Drill Bits, WHEC

Baker Hughes     95
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
processes to deviate from planned 
results. The risk management process 
includes risk identification, risk analysis, 
risk evaluation, and risk mitigation. The 
hazards that have been determined 
to cause or contribute to cases of ill 
health during the reporting period 
are associated with exposure to 
extreme environmental temperatures 
and repetitive motion work activities. 
Governance has been updated 
to include a work / rest schedule 
for extreme heat environments 
and educational communications 
have been developed to alert the 
organization of the hazard and potential 
risk control options. The occurrence 
of repetitive motion musculoskeletal 
disorders is not common for our 
work; however, efforts are underway 
to develop an ergonomics training 
program for site ergonomics teams 
as well as a principle of design for 
engineers.
Training to foster a safety culture
We have an obligation to ensure 
all employees are trained and 
understand our HSE fundamentals. We 
have a comprehensive HSE training 
curriculum designed for the complex 
nature of our operational risk profile, 
enabling employees to gain technical 
awareness on risks and to recognize 
hazards. Training needs are assessed 
through evaluation of relevant 
regulations, applicable laws, and risks 
associated with the employee’s job 
duties. Training topics include fatigue 
management awareness, stop work 
awareness, emergency and disaster 
preparedness, and slips, trips, and falls. 
These trainings are deployed using 
our online learning system, and in-
person trainings are provided when 
required. Trainings are provided free of 
charge, during paid working hours. All 
employees are assigned required HSE 
training, while contractors are assigned 
trainings based on need identified 
locally, and two training activities are 
recommended to all contingent workers. 
Effectiveness of training is evaluated 
through analysis of incident trends, 
audit results, and employee feedback. 
In 2022, 231 HSE courses were offered 
and employees completed 703,977 
trainings. On average, employees 
spend approximately 5.3 hours per year 
completing HSE training and contractors 
spent approximately 0.6 hours.
Taking preventative measures
In addition to training, we integrate 
policies, programs, and initiatives 
to protect employees from health 
and safety risks and hazards and 
promote the overall well-being of our 
employees. By strengthening our focus 
on learning and improvement, we aim 
to minimize human error, mitigate 
incidents, and continuously improve 
our HSE performance. Throughout 
the year, we continued our emphasis 
on proactive prevention measures, 
human performance, and leadership 
engagements to discuss risk.
Local leadership periodically reviews 
and assesses related data trends, 
communicates feedback to employees, 
and reviews and updates operational 
procedures as needed. We set clear 
targets and regularly track and 
assess our progress through annual 
management reviews, site self-
assessments completed based on site 
risk criteria, internal audits conducted by 
trained employee auditors, and external 
annual audits from customers and the 
ISO registrar.
Our risk assessment process is in 
place to identify, understand, and 
mitigate impacts through proactive 
and preventative programs and control 
measures. Risks are assessed from the 
site or project level, and includes risks 
from transportation, material handling 
activities, remote/offshore operations, 
and other higher-risk activities related 
to pressure, lifting and rigging, electrical, 
and process safety.
Employees, contractors, or those directly 
involved with our activities are expected 
to stop work when conditions are unsafe 
and report observations, near misses, 
and stop-work events to management. 
If an individual exercises their “stop work 
authority,” activities must be stopped 
immediately and may resume once 
the issue is addressed. When incidents 
do occur, they are tracked in our data 
management system, investigations 
are conducted, formal incident reviews 
are performed, and corrective actions 
to prevent recurrence are tracked. In 
addition, learnings are disseminated 
to targeted employee populations with 
similar operational risks following an 
incident.
As we continue our focus on 
the health and safety of our 
employees, we strive for everyday 
to be a Perfect HSE Day where 
all employees return from work 
safely. In 2022, we achieved 
improvements in several health 
and safety metrics, including 
15% 
improvement in our days away 
from work case rate.
86% 
improvement in our total 
recordable illnesses.

96     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Process Safety Management
Our Process Safety Management 
(PSM) program is aligned to industry 
standards and best practices, aimed 
at preventing or mitigating events 
that can cause catastrophic safety 
or environmental consequences. The 
program includes training, global and 
business-specific procedures, risk 
assessments, barrier management 
checklists, process safety operations 
fundamentals, management of change, 
audits, threat response drills, among 
other elements.
Process Safety projects are ongoing 
within some of our operations. Audits 
are conducted globally for performance 
assurance, including execution of 
a targeted audit strategy covering 
specific operational business units. 
The audits help ensure adoption and 
sustainable performance of process 
safety risk management across the 
enterprise. Learnings from incidents are 
used to focus on reliable execution of 
safety-critical tasks as a key to reducing 
risk as low as reasonably practicable. 
The Process Safety Operations 
Fundamentals were designed as 
a human-factors tool to educate, 
reinforce, and continually remind the 
workforce of their importance.
Process Safety Events include barrier 
impacts and loss of primary containment 
events and are included in our leading 
and lagging performance indicators. 
The emphasis on leading indicators 
enables us to extract actionable insights 
from data without the impacts of high 
consequence events.
In addition to project-based 
collaboration, engagement with 
customers, industry, and regulatory 
agencies occur continually to advance 
process safety performance through 
learnings and best practice sharing. 
Other contributions to industry include 
technical publications or presentations, 
leading sessions in forums and 
conferences, and projects with 
committees and workgroups.
Supporting workers’ health
The health, safety, and well-being of our 
people is of paramount importance. 
When we prioritize our physical and 
mental well-being, it empowers our 
employees to be their best at work and 
at home.
Our well-being strategy, Living Well, 
provides all employees and their 
families a wide variety of resources, 
benefits, and learning opportunities 
designed to drive an inclusive culture 
and facilitate ownership of health and 
well being. Throughout the year, we 
hosted events with health and wellness 
experts, further embedded wellness into 
leadership engagements, and provided 
health and wellness resources and tools 
to all employees.
In addition to physical and mental 
health, we host dialogues across the 
Company on how safety, security, 
purpose, and connections at work 
and in the community support our 
overall well-being. We understand that 
managing one’s well-being is a unique 
and personal process, and we strive to 
connect employees with the resources 
they need, when they need them.
We work with our health benefit 
providers and internal teams to 
offer employees health and wellness 
programs, telemedicine access, health 
screenings, immunizations, fitness 
reimbursements, and virtual wellness 
Our ambition to achieve zero 
process safety events drives our 
strategy and approach, which is 
centered around the following 
principles:
1. Process safety hazards and  
risks are understood across  
the Company.
2. Process safety is intrinsic to 
product and service delivery.
3. Sound risk mitigation is  
applied through operational 
and asset integrity.
4. Process safety is sustained 
through continual learning  
and improvement.

Baker Hughes     97
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices   
Ahmetovic Matteo | Shop operator, Flow Machining Cell
Masi Gabriele | Production supervisor, Flow Machining Cell
Bruni Marco | Shop operator, Flow Machining Cell
tools. Our employee assistance program 
gives employees and their family 
members direct access to professional 
coaches for in-the-moment counseling 
or referrals to community experts 
and extended care providers to help 
navigate daily life, manage remote work, 
and cope with major life events.
Employee health and privacy
We emphasize the protection of 
personal information, including personal 
health. We do not routinely house 
or capture personal health-related 
information unless required, such as 
COVID vaccination status or medical 
accommodations. In situations where 
we collect personal health information, 
we follow strict access control and 
confidentiality policies inclusive but 
not limited to our Personnel Privacy 
Notice and our Data Privacy Policy. All 
personal health information on workers 
is maintained through our independent 
and highly inspected third-party 
vendors that administer our benefit 
programs. Should any personal health-
related information be collected, we 
have strict access control measures 
limiting visibility and management 
of data to only those required for the 
business process.
Security
We are committed to protecting our 
people, workplaces, and operations, 
and respecting communities globally 
through proactive risk-based, 
intelligence-led security programs 
and mitigation measures. Our security 
team supports business segments, 
functions, and regions, in accordance 
with global risk and operational 
structure. The Security team oversees 
the administration, governance, 
and implementation of the crisis 
management and business continuity 
programs through global standards 
and processes, training, exercises, and 
ongoing engagement.
At the center of our security operations 
is the Global Intelligence and Travel 
Security Operations Center focused on 
monitoring global developments and 
issuing timely updates, administering 
the travel security program for 
high-risk locations, and operating 
the emergency-notification system 
for critical communications and 
operational impact.
Other priorities include monitoring 
global developments while educating 
and equipping employees to recognize, 
report, and prevent an array of potential 
risks at our workplaces, while traveling, 
or across our operations. Workplace 
violence, natural disasters, terrorism, 
and broader socioeconomic or 
geopolitical risks are just a few of the 
potential risks monitored and managed.
Security and human rights
As a signatory to the UN Global Compact, 
we align with the principles outlined 
in the Voluntary Principles on Security 
and Human Rights. In 2021, internal 
training and awareness resources were 
developed by our security team with the 
purpose of embedding these principles 
into our operations. Security personnel, 
including embedded security contractors, 
are required to complete annual training 
on human rights and adhere to our 
supplier integrity guide, which includes 
guidelines on human rights.
Aligned with our strategic outcome 
of 100% of targeted (e.g., security) 
personnel trained annually on human 
rights policies and procedures, in 2022, 
100% of our enterprise security personnel, 
including full-time security personnel 
and embedded contractors, received 
training on human rights. We also 
incorporate principles on security and 
human rights into requests for proposals 
and tenders, to ensure all security 
suppliers and contractors understand 
and adhere to our commitments to 
ethical business conduct.

98     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Appendices 
As an energy technology leader, we model leadership through excellence in sustainability performance. We strive to improve 
how we track, measure, and report our sustainability data, following the best practices for sustainability reporting. Despite the 
dynamic development of guidance and standards for corporate sustainability reporting, we aim to report reliable, verified 
investment-grade data. We are also committed to providing transparency on the quality of our data. The information contained 
in this report is governed by clearly defined processes and controls. Upon final review and approval of each KPI and metric by 
process owners, the report is drafted by our Sustainability Strategy and Performance Management Team.  The report and its 
included data are then reviewed by our internal audit team. Our internal audit function follows rigorous processes mirroring 
financial data governance and auditing standards to increase the fidelity of our reporting. Additionally, certain People and 
Planet data are assured by our independent accountants, KPMG, as discussed in their reports in Appendix B. 
Appendix A – Standard Alignment Tables
Our sustainability report contains metrics that are aligned to the following recognized frameworks:
• Global Reporting Initiative (GRI)
• Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Oil & Gas Services Industry Standard - Extractives & Minerals Processing 
Sector 
• Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
Appendix B – Metrics, Statements and Notes with Independent Accountants’ Reports
Our People and Planet data are presented as follows:
People:
• Statement and Notes on Selected People Metrics, including Glossary of Terms
Planet:
• Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions
• Statement and Notes on Waste
An Independent Accountants' Report precedes the related People and Planet reporting.

Baker Hughes     A-1
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Appendix A:  
Standard Alignment Tables
Interpreting this section
The information in the indices below show how we align to accepted sustainability standards, including industry standards. The 
tables below list indicators from GRI, SASB, and TCFD on which we have fully or partially reported. Estimates are developed using 
the best available data at time of publication. In some cases, data is estimated and is based solely on our interpretation and 
judgment.
GRI Index
GRI TOPIC 
STANDARD
DISCLOSURE 
NO. DISCLOSURE TITLE LOCATION AND DATA
General 
disclosure 
 2-1 Organizational details
Baker Hughes Company 17021 Aldine Westfield Houston, Texas.
Form 10-K
 2-2
Entities included in the 
organization’s sustainability 
reporting
Form 10-K
 2-3
Reporting period, 
frequency, and contact 
point
From January 1st, 2022, through December 31st, 2022; Annual reporting; 05/24/2023. 
SustainabilityTeam@bakerhughes.com
 2-4 Restatements of 
information Baseline emissions (GRI 305-1d, 305-2d, 305-3e).
 2-5 External assurance Independent Accountants’ Reports, p. B-4, p. B-18 - B-19
 2-6 Activities, value chain, and 
other business relationships Company overview, p. 16
 2-7 Employees People chapter pp. 34-57
 2-8 Workers who are not 
employees Our people, pp. 36-38.
 2-9 Governance structure and 
composition
2023 Proxy filing, 
p. 88
 2-10
Nomination and selection 
of the highest governance 
body
2023 Proxy filing
 2-11 Chair of the highest 
governance body
2023 Proxy filing 
p. 6
 2-12
Role of the highest 
governance body 
in overseeing the 
management of impacts
Ethics and compliance, p. 84 
Governance of sustainability, pp. 88-89  
Buffering sustainability risks through enterprise risk management, p. 89.
 2-13 Delegation of responsibility 
for managing impacts Governance of sustainability, pp. 88-89.
 2-14
Role of the highest 
governance body in 
sustainability reporting
Governance of sustainability, pp. 88-89.
 2-15 Conflicts of interest Conflicts committee charter  
2023 Proxy filing
 2-16 Communication of critical 
concerns Open reporting and consultation, p. 84.
*Denotes compliance with GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector Standard 2021

A-2     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
General 
Disclosure
 2-17 Collective knowledge of the 
highest governance body
Our Board of Directors consists of corporate leaders with expertise in substantive 
areas that guide our corporate strategy and objectives, including our ESG strategy. 
In furtherance of its responsibility to oversee the company’s position on corporate 
social responsibility and public issues of significance which affect investors and other 
key stakeholders, the Governance & Corporate Responsibility Committee reviews the 
composition of the Board on an annual basis in order to ensure that the collective 
knowledge, skills and experience of the Board aligns with the Company’s aligns with 
the Company’s sustainability goals. In addition, the Committee recommends director 
candidates for annual election, evaluates the composition of the Board annually 
and identifies desired skills, experience, and capabilities. The Committee strives to 
maintain a Board with varied expertise and perspective and one that reflects diversity, 
including but not limited to gender, ethnicity, background, and experience. 
 2-18
Evaluation of the 
performance of the highest 
governance body
Our Board of Directors is committed to overseeing the integration of ESG principles 
throughout the organization. The Board receives updates regarding our sustainability 
strategy and long-term ESG objectives on a periodic basis. While our full Board is 
tasked with ESG oversight, certain of its committees have responsibility for certain 
aspects of the ESG strategy. The Human Capital and Compensation Committee 
reviews human capital management metrics. The Governance and Corporate 
Responsibility Committee oversees the Company’s positions on corporate social 
responsibilities and has been charged by the Board with oversight responsibility of the 
Company’s environmental matters as well as assessing its sustainability strategy and 
initiatives, including the publication of our Corporate Responsibility report. In addition, 
the Governance & Corporate Responsibility Committee receives regular reports from 
management on the Company’s environmental and sustainability priorities and risks, 
including progress on our net-zero emission goals and execution, our ESG reporting 
frameworks, and ESG ratings. The Audit Committee monitors compliance, human 
rights concerns and ethical risks. As reflected in our Governance Principles, the Board 
performs an annual self-evaluation led by the lead independent director. 
As a component of the annual evaluation, each director is asked to provide an 
assessment of the effectiveness of the Board and its committees. The Board 
utilizes the results of its annual self-evaluation to identify areas of improvement 
and strengthen corporate governance practices. The Governance and Corporate 
Responsibility Committee monitors the process to assess the effectiveness of the 
Board. On a periodic basis, the lead independent director has engaged independent 
governance experts to facilitate the evaluation process and to identify areas.
 2-19 Remuneration policies
The Human Capital and Compensation Committee reviews the executive and 
director's compensation each year to ensure that compensation aligns with the 
company's long-term strategies. Our compensation policies around executive 
compensation reinforces market-aligned and pay for performance compensation 
programs. The Human Capital and Compensation Committee has responsibility for 
reviewing the relationship between our risk management policies and practices, 
corporate strategy and senior executive compensation and assessing whether any 
such risk is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
Additional details on our Board of Directors compensation and our executive 
compensation policies and programs, including the process for determining 
remuneration, can be found in the Compensation, Discussion & Analysis section of our 
Proxy Statement as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 2-20 Process to determine 
remuneration 2023 Proxy filing
 2-21 Annual total compensation 
ratio 2023 Proxy filing
 2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy CEO Letter, pp. 6-7.
 2-23 Policy commitments Ethics and compliance, p. 84.
 2-24 Embedding policy 
commitments
Ethics and compliance, p. 84; Strive for sustainable, diverse, and inclusive supply 
chains, p. 91.
 2-25 Processes to remediate 
negative impacts
Ethics and compliance, p. 84; Strive for sustainable, diverse, and inclusive supply 
chains, p. 91.

Baker Hughes     A-3
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
General 
Disclosure
 2-26
Mechanisms for seeking 
advice and raising 
concerns
Open reporting and consultation, p. 84.
 2-27 Compliance with laws and 
regulations Material legal actions, if any, are reported in our Form 10-K.
 2-28 Membership associations Stakeholder engagement, p. 30
 2-29 Approach to stakeholder 
engagement Stakeholder engagement, p. 30
 2-30 Collective bargaining 
agreements
Approximately 26% of employees are covered under a collective bargaining 
agreement.
Material 
topics
 3-1* Process to determine 
material topics Materiality assessment, pp. 28-29.
 3-2* List of material topics Materiality assessment, pp. 28-29.
 3-3* Management of material 
topics People, pp. 34-57; Planet, pp. 58-79; Principles, pp. 80-97.
Economic 
performance
201-1* Direct economic value 
generated and distributed
Economic impact, p. 17
Tax not reported by country due to confidentiality constraints. Economic value 
generated is not reported due to confidentiality constraints.
201-2*
Financial implications 
and other risks and 
opportunities due to 
climate change
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 68-69.
201-4* Financial assistance 
received from government Standard not material.
Market 
presence 202-2*
Proportion of senior 
management hired from 
the local community
Data not available.
Indirect 
economic 
impact
203-1* Infrastructure investments 
and services supported Data not available.
203-2* Significant indirect 
economic impacts Data not available.
Procurement 
practices 204-1* Proportion of spending on 
local suppliers
Principles performance snapshot, p. 81.
“Local” is defined as being purchased in the same country as the location of the order 
issuances. Our significant operations are those where we conduct manufacturing, 
assembly, maintenance, and service operations.
Anti-
corruption
205-1* Operations assessed for 
risks related to corruption
Principles performance snapshot, p. 81.
All 2 Business Segments  assessed.
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption, p. 84.
205-2*
Communication and 
training about anti-
corruption policies and 
procedures
Principles performance snapshot, p. 81.
Data not provided by region or employee category. Data regarding business partners 
(205-2c) is not available.
205-3*
Confirmed incidents of 
corruption and actions 
taken
Data not available due to confidentiality constraints.
Anti-
competitive 
Behavior
206-1*
Legal actions for anti-
competitive behavior, 
anti-trust, and monopoly 
practices
Form 10-K

A-4     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Tax
207-1* Approach to tax Tax, p. 90.
207-2* Tax governance, control, 
and risk management Tax, p. 90.
207-3*
Stakeholder engagement 
and management of 
concerns related to tax
Tax, p. 90.
207-4* Country-by-country 
reporting Data not available.
Energy
302-1* Energy consumption within 
the organization Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
302-2* Energy consumption 
outside the organization Data not available.
302-3* Energy intensity Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
302-4 Reduction of energy 
consumption Data not available.
Water and 
effluents
303-1* Interactions with water as a 
shared resource Water stewardship, pp. 73-75.
303-2* Management of water 
discharge-related impacts Water stewardship, pp. 73-75.
303-3* Water withdrawal Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
303-4* Water discharge Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
303-5* Water consumption Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
Biodiversity
304-1*
Operational sites owned, 
leased, managed in, or 
adjacent to, protected 
areas and areas of high 
biodiversity value outside 
protected areas
Data not available.
304-2*
Significant impacts of 
activities, products, and 
services on biodiversity
Data not available.
304-3* Habitats protected or 
restored Protecting biodiversity and natural capital, pp. 76-77.
304-4*
IUCN Red List species and 
national conservation 
list species with habitats 
in areas affected by 
operations
Planet performance snapshot, p.59.

Baker Hughes     A-5
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Emissions
305-1* Direct (scope 1) GHG 
emissions
Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions,  
pp. B-20 - B-30
305-2* Energy indirect (scope 2) 
GHG emissions
Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions,  
pp. B-20 - B-30
305-3* Other indirect (scope 3) 
GHG emissions
Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions,  
pp. B-20 - B-30
305-4* GHG emissions intensity Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions,  
pp. B-20 - B-30
305-5* Reduction of GHG 
emissions Data not available.
305-6
Emissions of ozone-
depleting substances 
(ODS)
Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
305-7*
Nitrogen oxides (NOX), 
sulfur oxides (SOX), and 
other significant air 
emissions
Data not available.
Waste (2020)
306-1*
Waste generation and 
significant waste-related 
impacts
Managing waste, pp. 71 – 72.
306-2* Management of significant 
waste-related impacts Managing waste, pp. 71 – 72.
306-3* Waste generated Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
306-4* Waste diverted from 
disposal Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
306-5* Waste directed to disposal Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
Effluents and 
waste (2016) 306-3 Significant spills Planet performance snapshot, p. 59.
Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment
 
308-1
New suppliers that 
were screened using 
environmental criteria
Data not available.
308-2
Negative environmental 
impacts in the supply chain 
and actions taken
Engaging our suppliers, p. 66.
Employment
401-1* New employee hires and 
employee turnover
Attract, retain, and develop diverse talent,  
pp. 42-43.
401-2*
Benefits provided to full-
time employees that are 
not provided to temporary 
or part-time employees
a) Retaining our people by investing in our people, pp. 44-45.
b) Our significant operations are those where we conduct manufacturing, assembly, 
maintenance, and service operations.
401-3* Parental leave
A:c) People performance snapshot, pg. 35
d:e) Data not available.
Labor/
Management 
relations
402-1*
Minimum notice periods 
regarding operational 
changes
We comply with local laws and collective bargaining agreements pertaining to 
operational changes. Notice periods vary by geography but are generally at least one 
month.

A-6     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Occupational 
health and 
safety
403-1*
Occupational health and 
safety management 
system
Our HSE management system, p. 92.
403-2*
Hazard identification, risk 
assessment, and incident 
investigation
Our approach to health and safety, pp. 94 – 95.
403-3* Occupational health 
services
Our approach to health and safety, pp. 94 – 95.
Process safety management, p. 96.
403-4*
Worker participation, 
consultation, and 
communication on 
occupational health and 
safety
Occupational safety, p. 92.
403-5*
Worker training on 
occupational health and 
safety
Training to foster a safety culture, p. 95.
403-6* Promotion of worker health Supporting workers’ health, pp. 96-97.
403-7*
Prevention and mitigation 
of occupational health 
and safety impacts 
directly linked by business 
relationships
Our approach to health and safety, p. 94.
Process safety management, p. 96.
403-8*
Workers covered by an 
occupational health and 
safety management 
system
Our HSE management system, p. 92.
403-9* Work-related injuries
Principles performance snapshot, p. 81.
Process Safety Management, p. 96.
Formula for calculating TRIR: # of recordable cases X 200,000 hours divided by total 
hours worked. Total hours worked are calculated using factors based on job family 
data for each employee, such as length of shift and overtime typical of job families. 
Information unavailable for non-employees due to data limitations.
403-10* Work-related ill health
Principles performance snapshot, p. 81.
Our approach to health and safety, p. 94.
The ill health metrics are inclusive of non-Baker Hughes employees who work at 
Baker Hughes facilities. However, in 2022, all ill health incidents involved Baker Hughes 
employees.
Training and 
education
 
404-1* Average hours of training 
per year per employee
Table 4-3: Average hours of training, p. 48.
People chapter pp. 34-57
404-2*
Programs for upgrading 
employee skills and 
transition assistance 
programs
Career transitions, p. 46.
404-3
Percentage of employees 
receiving regular 
performance and career 
development reviews
Table 4-1: Percentage of employees receiving annual performance and career 
development reviews, p. 44.
People chapter pp. 34-57
Diversity 
and equal 
opportunity
405-1* Diversity of governance 
bodies and employees
2023 Proxy Statement
People chapter pp. 34-57
405-2*
Ratio of basic salary and 
remuneration of women 
to men
a:b) Data breakdown not available, but company-level data is available in latest UK 
Gender Pay Gap Report.
Non- 
discrimination 406-1*
Incidents of discrimination 
and corrective actions 
taken
Data not available due to confidentiality constraints.

Baker Hughes     A-7
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Freedom of 
association 
and collective 
bargaining
407-1*
Operations and suppliers 
in which the right to 
freedom of association and 
collective bargaining may 
be at risk
Data not available.
Child labor 408-1
Operations and suppliers at 
significant risk for incidents 
of child labor
408-1 a:b) Data not available. c) Human rights, p. 85, Strive for sustainable, diverse, 
and inclusive supply chains, p. 91.
Forced or 
compulsory 
labor
409-1*
Operations and suppliers at 
significant risk for incidents 
of forced or compulsory 
labor
409-1a) Data not available. b) Human Rights, p. 85, Strive for sustainable, diverse, and 
inclusive supply chains, p. 91.
Security 
practices 410-1*
Security personnel trained 
in human rights policies or 
procedures
Principles performance snapshot, p. 81.
Rights of 
indigenous 
peoples
411-1*
Incidents of violations 
involving rights of 
indigenous peoples
Data not available due to confidentiality constraints.
Local 
communities
413-1*
Operations with local 
community engagement, 
impact assessments, and 
development programs
Data not available.
413-2*
Operations with significant 
actual and potential 
negative impacts on local 
communities
Form 10-K
Supplier social 
assessment
 
414-1*
New suppliers that were 
screened using social 
criteria
Data not available.
414-2*
Negative social impacts 
in the supply chain and 
actions taken
Principles performance snapshot, p. 81.
414-2b) Data not available.
Public policy 415-1* Political contributions Political contributions report.
Customer 
Health and 
Safety
416-1*
Assessment of the health 
and safety impacts of 
product and service 
categories
Data not available.
Customer 
privacy 418-1
Substantiated complaints 
concerning breaches of 
customer privacy and 
losses of customer data
Principles performance snapshot, p. 81.

A-8     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
SASB Sector Standards
SASB Sector Standards
SECTOR TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING METRIC INFORMATION REFERENCE
Oil & Gas services
Emission reduction services 
& fuels management
EM-SV-110a.1
Total fuel consumed, percentage 
renewable, percentage used in: (1) 
on-road equipment and vehicles 
and (2) off-road equipment.
(1) Total Fuel Consumption: 
5,795,564 GJ
 GJ (2) 0% (3-1) 23.4%.
 (3 -2) 76.6%.
EM-SV-110a.2
Discussion of strategy or plans 
to address air emissions-related 
risks, opportunities, and impacts.
Become a net-zero business by 
2050, 
pp. 62-65.
EM-SV-110a.3
Percentage of engines in service 
that meet Tier 4 compliance for 
non-road diesel engine emissions.
Data not available.
Water Management 
Services
EM-SV-140a.1
(1) Total volume of fresh water 
handled in operations, (2) 
percentage recycled.
(1) Standard not applicable.  
(2) Standard not applicable.
EM-SV-140a.2
Discussion of strategy or plans 
to address water consumption 
and disposal-related risks, 
opportunities, and impacts.
Water stewardship, 
pp. 73-75.
Chemicals Management
EM-SV-150a.1 Volume of hydraulic fracturing 
fluid used, percentage hazardous.
(1) Data not available.
(2) Data not available.
EM-SV-150a.2
Discussion of strategy or plans to 
address chemical-related risks, 
opportunities, and impacts.
Managing chemicals, 
p. 79.
Ecological Impact 
Management
EM-SV-160a.1 Average disturbed acreage per  
(1) oil and (2) gas well site.
(1) Standard not applicable  
(2) Standard not applicable.
EM-SV-160a.2
Discussion of strategy or plan to 
address risks and opportunities 
related to ecological impacts 
from core activities.
Biodiversity and natural capital, 
pp. 76-77.
Workforce Health & Safety EM-SV-320a.1
(1) Total recordable incident rate 
(TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near 
miss frequency rate (NMFR), 
(4) total vehicle incident rate 
(TVIR), and (5) average hours of 
health, safety, and emergency 
response training for (a) full-time 
employees, 
(b) contract employees, and 
(c) short-service employees.
(1a) 0.22
(1b) Data not available.
(1c) 0.23 
(2a) Data not available. Absolute 
value is 1.
(2b) Data not available. Absolute 
value is zero.
(2c) Data not available.
(3a) Data not available.
(3b) Data not available.  
(3c) Data not available.  
(4a) Data not available, absolute 
value 213.
(4b) Data not available. 
(4c) Data not available. 
(5a) 5.3 hours.
(5b) 0.64 hours. 
(5c) Data not available.

Baker Hughes     A-9
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Oil & Gas services
Workforce Health & Safety EM-SV-320a.2
Description of management 
systems used to integrate a 
culture of safety throughout the 
value chain and project lifecycle.
Process safety management, p. 
96.
Business Ethics & Payments 
Transparency
EM-SV-510a.1
Amount of net revenue in 
countries that have the 20 
lowest rankings in Transparency 
International’s Corruption 
Perception Index.
$300,670,377.00
EM-SV-510a.2
Description of the management 
system for prevention of 
corruption and bribery throughout 
the value chain.
Ethics and compliance, p. 84.
Management of the Legal 
& Regulatory Environment EM-SV-530a.1
Discussion of corporate positions 
related to government regulations 
and/or policy proposals that 
address environmental and social 
factors affecting the industry.
Public policy and working with 
governments, p. 33.
Critical Incident Risk 
Management EM-SV-540a.1
Description of management 
systems used to identify and 
mitigate catastrophic and tail-
end risks.
Process safety management, p. 
96.
Oil & gas exploration & 
production Biodiversity Impacts EM-EP-160a.2
(1) Number and aggregate 
volume of hydrocarbon spills, 
(2) volume in Arctic, (3) volume 
impacting shorelines with ESI 
rankings 8-10, and (4) volume 
recovered.
(1) 37 barrels of oil; 3 barrels of fuel 
(2) 0 barrels (3) 0 barrels (4) 37 
barrels.
Oil & Gas services  
EM-SV-000.A Number of active rig sites. Standard not applicable.
EM-SV-000.B Number of active well sites. Standard not applicable.
EM-SV-000.C Total amount of drilling 
performed. Standard not applicable.
EM-SV-000.D Total number of hours worked by 
all employees. Data not available.

A-10     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index
The following table references Baker Hughes 2022 financial and sustainability disclosures with the Task Force on Climate-
Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. 
1. Governance
TCFD RECOMMENDATIONS DISCLOSURE CONTENT AND REFERENCES
Describe the board's oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities.
Corporate governance, p. 88.
Governance of sustainability, pp. 88-89.
Describe management's role in assessing and 
managing climate-related risks and opportunities. Governance of sustainability, pp. 88-89.
2. Strategy
TCFD RECOMMENDATIONS DISCLOSURE CONTENT AND REFERENCES
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities 
the organization has identified over the short, 
medium, and long-term.
• CEO letter, pp. 6-7.
• Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 68-69.
• Form 10-K, item 1A. risk factors, pp. 14-25.
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization's businesses, 
strategy, and financial planning.
• CEO letter, pp. 6-7.
• CSO letter, pp. 8-9.
• Innovation and collaboration, p. 19.
• Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 68-69.
Describe the resilience of the organization's 
strategy, taking into consideration different 
climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower 
scenario.
• Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 68-69.
3. Risk Management
TCFD RECOMMENDATIONS DISCLOSURE CONTENT AND REFERENCES
Describe the organization's processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related risks.
• Become a net-zero business by 2050, pp. 62-65.
• Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 68-69.
Describe the organization's processes for 
managing climate-related risks. • Planet, pp. 58-79.
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, 
and managing climate-related risks are integrated 
into the organization's overall risk management.
• Buffering sustainability risks through our Enterprise Risk Management process, p. 89.
4. Metrics and Targets
TCFD RECOMMENDATIONS DISCLOSURE CONTENT AND REFERENCES
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to 
assess climate-related risks and opportunities in 
line with its strategy and risk management process.
Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions, 
pp. B-20 - B-30
Disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, if appropriate, scope 
3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related 
risks.
Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions, 
pp. B-20 - B-30
Describe the targets used by the organization to 
manage climate-related risks and opportunities 
and performance against targets.
Become a net-zero business by 2050, pp. 62-65.

Baker Hughes     B-1
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Appendix B:   
Metrics, Statements and Notes with 
Independent Accountants’ Reports
Interpreting this section
We follow rigorous processes to present the relevant metrics in accordance with the methodology specified in the subject 
matter. In this section, you will find the independent accountants' reports providing limited or reasonable assurance over 
selected metrics found in this section. 
SUBJECT MATTER 2022 ASSURANCE LEVEL
People: Employee headcount information Employee counts
People: Statement and Notes on Selected 
People Metrics, including Glossary of Terms All listed People metrics on pp. B-5 - B-16 Limited assurance
Planet: Statements and Notes on Greenhouse 
Gas CO2e Emissions
Scope 1 emissions Reasonable assurance
Scope 2 emissions Reasonable assurance
Scope 3 emissions Limited assurance
Planet: Statement and Notes on Waste Waste metrics Limited assurance (first year assured)

B-2     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Employee headcount information
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Employee 
counts
Management 
metric
# of total employees. 55,235
# of total employees by region -  
Asia Pacific (APAC). 7,081
# of total employees by region - Russia 
and Commonwealth of Independent 
States (RCIS).
681
# of total employees by region -  
Middle East and North Africa (MENAT). 9,486
# of total employees by region -  
North America (NAM). 14,080
# of total employees by region -  
Latin America (LATAM). 5,828
# of total employees by region -  
Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 1,006
# of total employees by region – 
Europe. 17,073
# of total full time employees. 54,490
# of total full time employees by region 
- Asia Pacific (APAC). 7,026
# of total full time employees by 
region - Russia and Commonwealth of 
Independent States (RCIS).
679
# of total full time employees by region 
- Middle East and North Africa (MENAT). 9,475
# of total full time employees by region 
- North America (NAM). 14,046
# of total full time employees by region 
- Latin America (LATAM). 5,745
# of total full time employees by region 
- Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 997
# of total full time employees by region 
– Europe. 16,522
# of total part time employees. 745
# of total part time employees by 
region - Asia Pacific (APAC). 55
# of total part time employees by 
region - Russia and Commonwealth of 
Independent States (RCIS).
2
1 Included to indicate the most comparable GRI metric; however, GRI disclosures are not complete relative to the requirements of GRI.
2 Date range is from (1/1/22-12/31/22) unless otherwise noted.
3 Percentages are rounded to one decimal place. If a percentage shows as 0.0 that means its less than .05 percent.

Baker Hughes     B-3
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Employee headcount information
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Employee 
counts
Management 
metric
# of total part time employees by 
region - Middle East and North Africa 
(MENAT).
11
# of total part time employees by 
region - North America (NAM). 34
# of total part time employees by 
region - Latin America (LATAM). 83
# of total part time employees by 
region - Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 9
# of total part time employees by 
region – Europe. 551
# of total employees by gender – Men. 43,535
# of total employees by gender – 
Women. 10,554
# of total employees by gender - 
Gender undeclared. 1,140
# of total employees by gender -  
No gender selected. 6
# of total full time employees by gender 
– Men. 43,107
# of total full time employees by gender 
– Women. 10,238
# of total full time employees by gender 
- Gender undeclared. 1,139
# of total full time employees by gender 
- No gender selected. 6
# of total part time employees by 
gender – Men. 428
# of total part time employees by 
gender – Women. 316
# of total part time employees by 
gender - Gender undeclared. 1
# of total employees by age group - 
under 30. 5,606
# of total employees by age group - 
30-50. 38,352
# of total employees by age group - 
over 50. 11,274
# of total employees by age group -  
No age selected. 3
# of total senior professional and above 
employees (SPB+). 8,944
# of total Executive Band and above 
employees (EB+). 639
# of total employees by job function – 
Commercial. 4,968
# of total employees by job function – 
Enabling. 6,583
# of total employees by job function – 
Production. 32,112
# of total employees by job function – 
Technical. 10,389
# of total employees by job function – 
Other. 1,183

B-4     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Independent Accountants’ Review Report
To the Board of Directors and Management
Baker Hughes Company:
We have reviewed the Selected People Metrics as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 in the 
accompanying Statement and Notes on Selected People Metrics (the “People Review Subject Matter”) in
Appendix B of the 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report (the “Report”) of Baker Hughes Company (the 
“Company”). The Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the People Review
Subject Matter in accordance with the Methodology and related Glossary of Terms set forth in the People
Review Subject Matter (the “People Criteria”). Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the People
Review Subject Matter based on our review.
Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and perform the review to 
obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to the People Review 
Subject Matter in order for it to be in accordance with the criteria. The procedures performed in a review vary in 
nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an examination, the objective of which is to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the People Review Subject Matter is in accordance with the 
criteria, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.
Because of the limited nature of the engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially 
lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had an examination been performed. We believe that 
the review evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our conclusion.
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant 
ethical requirements related to the engagement.
The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment and consisted primarily of inquiries of 
management to obtain an understanding of the methodology and inputs used in deriving the People Review 
Subject Matter, recalculating a selection of the People Review Subject Matter based on the People Criteria and 
inputs identified by management, and performing analytical procedures.
Except to the extent stated in our Independent Accountants’ Report on the GHG Examination Subject Matter, 
GHG Review Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter, our review was limited to the People Review 
Subject Matter presented in the Report. The Report includes other information and metrics that were not 
subject to our review procedures. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion, conclusion, or any other form of 
assurance on such information or metrics.
Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the People
Review Subject Matter as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, in order for it to be in accordance with
the People Criteria.
May 24, 2023
KPMG LLP
2200 Wells Fargo Tower
201 Main Street
Fort Worth, TX 76102-3105
KPMG LLP , a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of  
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with  
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 
Independent Accountants’ Review Report
To the Board of Directors and Management
Baker Hughes Company:
We have reviewed the Selected People Metrics as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 in the 
accompanying Statement and Notes on Selected People Metrics (the “People Review Subject Matter”) in
Appendix B of the 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report (the “Report”) of Baker Hughes Company (the 
“Company”). The Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the People Review
Subject Matter in accordance with the Methodology and related Glossary of Terms set forth in the People
Review Subject Matter (the “People Criteria”). Our responsibility is to express a conclusion on the People
Review Subject Matter based on our review.
Our review was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and perform the review to 
obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to the People Review 
Subject Matter in order for it to be in accordance with the criteria. The procedures performed in a review vary in 
nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an examination, the objective of which is to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the People Review Subject Matter is in accordance with the 
criteria, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion.
Because of the limited nature of the engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially 
lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had an examination been performed. We believe that 
the review evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our conclusion.
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant 
ethical requirements related to the engagement.
The procedures we performed were based on our professional judgment and consisted primarily of inquiries of 
management to obtain an understanding of the methodology and inputs used in deriving the People Review 
Subject Matter, recalculating a selection of the People Review Subject Matter based on the People Criteria and 
inputs identified by management, and performing analytical procedures.
Except to the extent stated in our Independent Accountants’ Report on the GHG Examination Subject Matter, 
GHG Review Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter, our review was limited to the People Review 
Subject Matter presented in the Report. The Report includes other information and metrics that were not 
subject to our review procedures. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion, conclusion, or any other form of 
assurance on such information or metrics.
Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the People
Review Subject Matter as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, in order for it to be in accordance with
the People Criteria.
May 24, 2023
KPMG LLP
2200 Wells Fargo Tower
201 Main Street
Fort Worth, TX 76102-3105
KPMG LLP , a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of  
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with  
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee.

Baker Hughes     B-5
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Statement and Notes on Selected People Metrics
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Professional 
development 
planning with 
manager
Management 
metric
# of employees completing professional 
development planning with their manager. 45,454
Number of all effective employees, including 
employees terminated during the year ended in 
December 31, 2022, who completed a professional 
development touchpoint and evidenced and 
recorded in HR enterprise system for review period 
(which includes annual priority setting, ongoing 
touchpoints, or annual performance and career 
development review).
Regular 
performance 
and career 
development 
reviews
GRI 404-3
% of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews.
75.0%
Number of eligible effective employees who have 
completed the annual performance and career 
development review divided by total number of 
eligible effective employees. 
Number of eligible effective employees who have 
completed the annual performance and career 
development review in respective gender category 
divided by total number of eligible effective 
employees in respective gender category. 
Number of eligible effective employees who 
have completed the annual performance and 
career development review in respective career 
band divided by total number of eligible effective 
employees in respective career band. 
Number of eligible effective PB+ employees who 
have completed the annual performance and career 
development review in respective gender category 
divided by total number of eligible effective PB+ 
employees in respective gender category.  
Number of eligible effective PB+ employees who 
have completed the annual performance and 
career development review in respective job function 
divided by total number of eligible effective PB+ 
employees in respective job function. For purposes 
of this metric, eligible effective employees exclude 
employees on leave and those hired after October 1, 
2022. Leadership Training Band is not included in PB+ 
for 2022 because they follow their own performance 
management process.
% of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by gender – Men.
72.8%
% of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by gender – Women.
84.0%
% of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by gender - Gender undeclared.
31.0%
% of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by gender - No gender selected.
100.0%
% of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by career band - Professional band 
and above (PB+).
95.8%
% of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by career band - Senior Professional 
Band (SPB+).
95.8%
% of Executive Band (EB+) employees 
receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews.
94.1%
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by gender – Men.
96.0%
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by gender – Women.
95.3%
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by gender - Gender undeclared.
88.9%
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by gender - No gender selected.
100.0%
1 Included to indicate the most comparable GRI metric; however, GRI disclosures are not complete relative to the requirements of GRI.
2 Date range is from (1/1/22-12/31/22) unless otherwise noted.
3 Percentages are rounded to one decimal place. If a percentage shows as 0.0 that means its less than .05 percent.

B-6     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Regular 
performance 
and career 
development 
reviews
GRI 404-3
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by job function – Commercial.
93.4%
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by job function – Enabling.
95.3%
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by job function – Production.
95.5%
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by job function – Technical.
97.8%
% of PB+ employees receiving regular 
performance and career development 
reviews by job function – Other.
0.0%
Employees 
in leadership 
programs
Management 
metric
# of employees participating in leadership 
development programs. 527
Number of participants in leadership development 
programs including ASPIRE (early career leadership 
program), IMPACT (mid-career leadership program), 
CULTIVATE (mid-career leadership program for 
women), and ASCEND (military transition program) 
who were part of the program as of December 31, 
2022.
Number of participants in each ASPIRE, IMPACT, 
CULTIVATE, and ASCEND programs.  Number of 
participants who identify as women for ASPIRE and 
IMPACT.
# of employees participating in each 
leadership development program – ASPIRE. 300
# of employees participating in each 
leadership development program – IMPACT. 32
# of employees participating in each 
leadership development programs – 
CULTIVATE.
191
# of employees participating in each 
leadership development program – ASCEND. 4
# of ASPIRE program participants that identify 
as women. 155
# of IMPACT program participants that 
identify as women. 16
Women in STEM 
roles
Management 
metric % of women in STEM roles. 12.1%
Baker Hughes has identified job groups as STEM roles 
consistent with roles defined by US Bureau of Labor 
Statistics. 
Number of effective employees who identify as 
women and who are in STEM roles divided by all 
effective employees in STEM roles.

Baker Hughes     B-7
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Community 
contributions
Management 
metric
Total amount of charitable pledges and 
contributions (USD). $75,272,787 Number of self-reported volunteer hours completed 
during FY 2022 by active full-time employees.
Amount of employee-matched contributions paid by 
the Baker Hughes Foundation.
Amount of company and foundation financial 
pledges and contributions. 2022 financial pledges 
and contributions based on Baker Hughes Foundation 
financial pledges and contributions only.
Amount of company in-kind contributions. In-kind value 
is calculated by looking at product sales price of in-kind 
donations. Company in-kind contributions represent 
OFSE business segment software licenses only.
Total amount of charitable pledges and contributions 
(sum of employee-matched contributions, foundation 
financial pledges and contributions, company in-kind 
contributions).
Amount of employee-matched contributions 
made by the Baker Hughes Foundation (USD). $756,121
Amount of company and foundation 
financial pledges and contributions (USD)4. $1,992,500
Amount of company in-kind contributions 
(USD)5. $72,524,166
# of volunteer service hours. 27,181
US employees - 
people of color 
(PoC)
GRI 405-1, 
Management 
Metric
% of US employees who identify as people of 
color. 36.1%
Number of effective employees in US who identify as 
people of color divided by total number of effective 
employees in US as of year-end. 
Number of effective employees in US who identify as 
people of color (PoC) and are in respective seniority 
divided by total number of effective employees in US 
who are in respective seniority. 
Number of effective employees in US who identify as 
people of color in respective gender category divided 
by total number of effective employees in US who 
identify as people of color.
% of US employees who identify as people of 
color by gender – Men. 75.4%
% of US employees who identify as people of 
color by gender – Women. 24.6%
% of US employees who identify as people of 
color by gender - Gender undeclared. 0.0%
% of US employees who identify as people of 
color by seniority - Senior Professional Band 
and above (SPB+).
32.1%
% of US employees who identify as people of 
color by seniority - Executive Band and above 
(EB+).
28.6%
Employee 
attrition GRI 401-1
# of total employee attrition. 6,609
Number of effective employees who were voluntarily 
or involuntarily terminated in FY 2022.
Number of effective employees who were terminated 
divided by the average monthly effective employee 
count for FY 2022. 
Number of effective employees in respective 
gender category who were terminated divided by 
the average monthly effective employee count in 
respective gender category for FY 2022. 
Number of effective employees in respective age 
group who were terminated divided by the average 
monthly effective employee count in respective age 
group for FY 2022.  
Number of effective employees in respective region 
who were terminated divided by the average monthly 
effective employee count in respective region for FY 
2022. 
Employees are counted more than once if they are 
hired or terminated more than once in the same year.
# of total employee attrition by gender – 
Men. 5,291
# of total employee attrition by gender – 
Women. 1,274
# of total employee attrition by gender - 
Gender undeclared. 44
% of total employee attrition (rate). 12.0%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender 
– Men. 12.0%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender 
– Women. 12.1%
4 2022 financial contributions based on Baker Hughes Foundation financial contributions only.
5 Company in-kind contributions represent OFSE operating segment software license donations only.

B-8     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Employee 
attrition GRI 401-1
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender 
- Gender undeclared. 16.5%
# of total employee attrition by region - Asia 
Pacific (APAC). 647
# of total employee attrition by region - 
Russia and Commonwealth of Independent 
States (RCIS).
1,019
# of total employee attrition by region - 
Middle East and North Africa (MENAT). 909
# of total employee attrition by region -  
North America (NAM). 1,990
# of total employee attrition by region -  
Latin America (LATAM). 505
# of total employee attrition by region -  
Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 67
# of total employee attrition by region – 
Europe. 1,472
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region 
- Asia Pacific (APAC). 9.4%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region 
- Russia and Commonwealth of Independent 
States (RCIS).
34.9%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region 
- Middle East and North Africa (MENAT). 9.9%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region 
- North America (NAM). 15.0%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region 
- Latin America (LATAM). 9.1%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region 
- Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 7.1%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region 
– Europe. 9.1%
# of total employee attrition by age group - 
under 30. 1,088
# of total employee attrition by age group - 
30-50. 4,247
# of total employee attrition by age group - 
over 50. 1,274
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age 
group - under 30. 19.1%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age 
group - 30-50. 11.1%
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age 
group - over 50. 11.6%

Baker Hughes     B-9
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Voluntary 
attrition
Management 
Metric
# of voluntary attrition. 4,714
Number of effective employees who were voluntarily 
terminated in FY 2022. 
Number of effective employees who were voluntarily 
terminated divided by the average monthly effective 
employee count for FY 2022. 
Number of effective employees in each gender 
category who were voluntarily terminated divided 
by the average monthly effective employee count in 
each gender category for FY 2022. 
Number of effective employees in each age group 
who were voluntarily terminated divided by the 
average monthly effective employee count in each 
age group for FY 2022.  
Number of effective employees in each region who 
were voluntarily terminated divided by the average 
monthly effective employee count in each region for 
FY 2022. 
Employees are counted more than once if they are 
hired or terminated more than once in the same year.
# of voluntary attrition by gender – Men. 3,739
# of voluntary attrition by gender – Women. 974
# of voluntary attrition by gender - Gender 
undeclared. 1
% of voluntary attrition (rate). 8.6%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender – 
Men. 8.5%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender – 
Women. 9.3%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - 
Gender undeclared. 0.4%
# of voluntary attrition by region -  
Asia Pacific (APAC). 556
# of voluntary attrition by region - Russia 
and Commonwealth of Independent States 
(RCIS).
391
# of voluntary attrition by region -  
Middle East and North Africa (MENAT). 657
# of voluntary attrition by region -  
North America (NAM). 1,608
# of voluntary attrition by region -  
Latin America (LATAM). 363
# of voluntary attrition by region -  
Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 49
# of voluntary attrition by region – Europe. 1,090
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region -  
Asia Pacific (APAC). 8.1%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - 
Russia and Commonwealth of Independent 
States (RCIS).
13.4%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - 
Middle East and North Africa (MENAT). 7.2%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - 
North America (NAM). 12.1%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region -  
Latin America (LATAM). 6.5%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region -  
Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 5.2%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region – 
Europe. 6.7%
# of voluntary attrition by age group -  
under 30. 858
# of voluntary attrition by age group - 30-50. 3,082
# of voluntary attrition by age group - over 
50. 774
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - 
under 30. 15.1%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - 
30-50. 8.0%
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - 
over 50. 7.1%

B-10     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
New 
candidates 
hired
GRI 401-1
# of internal candidates hired. 4,983
Number of external candidates hired. Number of 
external candidates by respective gender who were 
hired.  Number of external candidates by respective 
age group who were hired. Number of external 
candidates by respective region who were hired.
Number of internal candidates hired. Number of 
internal candidates by respective gender who were 
hired.  Number of internal candidates by respective 
age group who were hired. Number of internal 
candidates by respective region who were hired.
Employees are counted more than once if they are 
hired or terminated more than once in the same year.
# of internal candidates hired by gender – Men.3,734
# of internal candidates hired by gender – 
Women. 1,247
# of internal candidates hired by gender - 
Gender undeclared. 1
# of internal candidates hired by gender -  
No gender selected. 1
# of internal candidates hired by region - 
Asia Pacific (APAC). 478
# of internal candidates hired by region - 
Russia and Commonwealth of Independent 
States (RCIS).
84
# of internal candidates hired by region - 
Middle East and North Africa (MENAT). 781
# of internal candidates hired by region - 
North America (NAM). 1,615
# of internal candidates hired by region - 
Latin America (LATAM). 428
# of internal candidates hired by region - 
Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 63
# of internal candidates hired by region – Europe.1,534
# of internal candidates hired by age group 
- under 30. 807
# of internal candidates hired by age group 
- 30-50. 3,702
# of internal candidates hired by age group 
- over 50. 474
# of external candidates hired. 10,733
# of external candidates hired by gender – Men.7,182
# of external candidates hired by gender – 
Women. 2,377
# of external candidates hired by gender - 
Gender undeclared. 1,174
# of external candidates hired by region - 
Asia Pacific (APAC). 1,166
# of external candidates hired by region - 
Russia and Commonwealth of Independent 
States (RCIS).
247
# of external candidates hired by region - 
Middle East and North Africa (MENAT). 1,707
# of external candidates hired by region - 
North America (NAM). 3,157
# of external candidates hired by region - 
Latin America (LATAM). 1,437
# of external candidates hired by region - 
Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA). 189
# of external candidates hired by region – Europe.2,830
# of external candidates hired by age group 
- under 30. 3,515
# of external candidates hired by age group 
- 30-50. 6,353
# of external candidates hired by age group 
- over 50. 865

Baker Hughes     B-11
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Employees by 
gender GRI 405-1
% of employees by gender – Men. 78.8%
Number of effective employees in respective gender 
divided by total number of effective employees. 
Number of effective employees in respective seniority 
and gender divided by total effective employees in 
respective seniority. 
Number of effective employees in respective function 
and gender divided by total effective employees in 
respective job function.  
Number of effective employees designated as people 
manager of respective gender divided by total 
effective employees designated as people manager. 
Number of employees on Board of Directors who 
identify as women divided by total number of Board 
of Directors.
% of employees by gender – Women. 19.1%
% of employees by gender - Gender 
Undeclared. 2.1%
% of employees by gender - No gender 
selected. 0.0%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Commercial and Men. 75.6%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Enabling and Men. 49.0%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Production and Men. 88.2%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Technical and Men. 78.7%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Other and Men. 4.2%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Commercial and Women. 24.4%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Enabling and Women. 51.0%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Production and Women. 11.7%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Technical and Women. 21.3%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Other and Women. 0.5%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Commercial and Gender 
Undeclared.
0.0%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Enabling and Gender Undeclared. 0.0%
% of employees by gender for each 
job function - Production and Gender 
Undeclared.
0.0%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Technical and Gender Undeclared. 0.0%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Other and Gender Undeclared. 95.3%
% of employees by gender for each job 
function - Production and No gender 
selected.
0.0%
% of employees by gender for each seniority 
- SPB+ and Men. 81.4%
% of employees by gender for each seniority 
- SPB+ and Women. 18.6%
% of employees by gender for each seniority 
- SPB+ and Gender undeclared. 0.0%

B-12     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Employees by 
gender GRI 405-1
% of employees by gender for each seniority 
- EB+ and Men. 75.6%
% of employees by gender for each seniority 
- EB+ and Women. 24.4%
% of employees by gender for each seniority 
- EB+ and Gender undeclared. 0.0%
% of employees that are people managers by 
gender – Men. 79.2%
% of employees that are people managers by 
gender – Women. 18.8%
% of employees that are people managers by 
gender - Gender undeclared. 2.0%
% of employees that are people managers by 
gender - No gender selected. 0.0%
% of women-identifying employees on Board 
of Directors. 33.0%
Employees by 
age group GRI 405-1
% of employees by age group - under 30. 10.2%
Number of effective employees in respective age 
group, divided by total effective employees. 
Number of effective employees in respective age 
group and job function divided by total effective 
employees in respective job function. 
Number of effective employees in respective age 
group and seniority divided by total effective 
employees in respective seniority.
% of employees by age group - 30-50. 69.4%
% of employees by age group - over 50. 20.4%
% of employees by age group - Age group 
left blank. 0.0%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - under 30 and Commercial. 6.1%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - under 30 and Enabling. 10.9%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - under 30 and Production. 11.0%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - under 30 and Technical. 10.1%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - under 30 and Other. 0.9%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - 30-50 and Commercial. 68.8%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - 30-50 and Enabling. 69.4%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - 30-50 and Production. 68.9%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - 30-50 and Technical. 68.2%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - 30-50 and Other. 97.6%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - over 50 and Commercial. 25.2%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - over 50 and Enabling. 19.7%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - over 50 and Production. 20.1%

Baker Hughes     B-13
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Employees by 
age group GRI 405-1
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - over 50 and Technical. 21.7%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - over 50 and Other. 1.5%
% of employees by age group for each job 
function - Age group blank and Production. 0.0%
% of employees by age group for each 
seniority - under 30 and SPB+. 0.3%
% of employees by age group for each 
seniority - under 30 and EB+. 0.0%
% of employees by age group for each 
seniority - 30-50 and SPB+. 67.4%
% of employees by age group for each 
seniority - 30-50 and EB+. 65.7%
% of employees by age group for each 
seniority - over 50 and SPB+. 32.3%
% of employees by age group for each 
seniority - over 50 and EB+. 34.3%
Parental leave GRI 401-3
# of employees entitled to parental leave. 50,283
Total number of effective employees entitled to 
parental leave. 
Number of effective employees entitled to parental 
leave by gender. 
Number of U.S. effective employees with an approved 
leave for maternity and/or parental that have been 
approved. 
Number of U.S. effective employees with an approved 
leave for maternity and/or parental that have been 
approved by gender. 
Number of U.S. effective employees with approved 
leave for maternity and/or parental that have 
returned to work in FY 2022. 
Number of U.S. effective employees with approved 
leave for maternity and/or parental that have 
returned to work in FY 2022 by gender.
# of employees entitled to parental leave by 
gender – Men. 39,824
# of employees entitled to parental leave by 
gender – Women. 10,440
# of employees entitled to parental leave by 
gender - Gender Undeclared. 13
# of employees entitled to parental leave by 
gender - No gender selected. 6
# of US employees that took parental leave. 300
# of US employees that took parental leave 
by gender – Women. 90
# of US employees that took parental leave 
by gender – Men. 210
# of US employees that returned from leave 
in the reporting period following leave. 237
# of US employees that returned from leave 
in the reporting period following leave by 
gender – Women.
76
# of US employees that returned from leave 
in the reporting period following leave by 
gender - Men.
160
# of US employees that returned from leave 
in the reporting period following leave by 
gender - No gender selected.
1
Employee 
resource group 
membership
Management 
metric
# of employees enrolled in at least one 
employee resource group. 8,099 Total number of active employees enrolled in at least 
one employee resource group as of December 31, 
2022. Total number of active employees enrolled in at 
least one employee resource group as of December 
31, 2022 divided by total number of active employees.
% of employees enrolled in at least one 
employee resource group. 14.4%

B-14     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Employees by 
generation 
group
Management 
metric
% of employees by generation group – 
Greatest. 0.0%
Number of effective employees by generation group 
divided by total effective employees.
% of employees by generation group – Silent. 0.0%
% of employees by generation group – 
Boomers. 7.5%
% of employees by generation group - 
Generation X. 36.4%
% of employees by generation group - 
Generation Y. 51.3%
% of employees by generation group - 
Generation Z. 4.9%
% of employees by generation group - 
Generation left blank. 0.0%
Country 
representation
Management 
metric
# of employees working outside the United 
States. 42,442 Number of effective employees that are working 
outside of the US as of December 31, 2022. 
Number of countries with effective employees. 
Number of nationalities represented by effective 
employees, as self-reported in HR enterprise system.
# of countries with employees. 89
# of nationalities represented by employees. 157
Average hours 
of training 
per year per 
employee6
GRI 404-1
Average hours of training per employee7 37
Number of system recorded learning hours 
completed divided by number of effective employees 
as of December 31, 2022. 
Number of system recorded learning hours 
completed in respective gender divided by number 
of effective employees in respective gender as of 
December 31, 2022. 
Number of system recorded learning hours 
completed in respective career band divided by 
number of effective employees in respective career 
band as of December 31, 2022. 
Number of system recorded learning hours 
completed in respective job function divided by 
number of effective employees in respective job 
function as of December 31, 2022. 
Number of system recorded learning hours 
completed in respective operating segment divided 
by number of effective employees in respective 
operating segment as of December 31, 2022.
Average training hours includes online and in person 
training completed during FY 2022, for effective 
employees as of December 31, 2022, which is recorded 
in our enterprise learning management system. 
The metric does not include training completions 
maintained outside of the enterprise system and may 
contain multiple course completions for the same 
course by the same employee. 
Average hours of training per employee by 
gender – Men. 39
Average hours of training per employee by 
gender – Women. 30
6 In 2022, estimated duration of each training is used for the calculation, or where an estimated duration is not available, we used the median duration of actual completions of the 
training.
7 In 2022, we are more specifically representing hours by using estimated duration field in the learning management system for each respective course. Where the duration is blank/
empty we used the median duration hours of the Activity Type.

Baker Hughes     B-15
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
METRIC CRITERIA 1 KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS (KPI) 2 2022 3 METHODOLOGY
Average hours 
of training 
per year per 
employee6
GRI 404-1
Average hours of training per employee by 
gender - Gender undeclared. 6
Average hours of training per employee by 
career band - Professional band and above 
employees (PB+).
24
Average hours of training per employee by 
career band - Senior Professional Band and 
above employees (SPB+).
17
Average hours of training per employee by 
career band - Executive Band and above 
employees (EB+).
12
Average hours of training per employee by 
operating segment - Industrial and Energy 
Technology (IET).
18
Average hours of training per employee by 
operating segment - Oilfield Services and 
Equipment (OFSE).
51
Average hours of training per employee by 
operating segment – Headquarters. 18
Average hours of training per employee by 
job function – Commercial. 16
Average hours of training per employee by 
job function – Enabling. 20
Average hours of training per employee by 
job function – Production. 51
Average hours of training per employee by 
job function – Technical. 18
Average hours of training per employee by 
job function – Other. 5

B-16     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Glossary of Terms
TERM DEFINITION
Gender Self-identified as men, women, undeclared or no gender selected in HR enterprise system.
Career band Company’s internal classification of various jobs depending on level of responsibility and contribution.
Professional Band and 
above (PB+)
Career band including Professional Band, Lead Professional Band, Senior Professional Band, Executive Band, Senior 
Executive Band, Vice President, Senior Vice President who are in office-based developing, supporting, applying, leading, 
and shaping roles who are at professional, lead professional, or functional tactical positions.
For 2022 metrics, Leadership Training Band is not included in PB+ because they follow their own performance 
management process.
Senior Professional 
Band and above 
(SPB+)
Career band including Senior Professional Band, Executive Band, Senior Executive Band, Vice President, Senior Vice 
President who are in office-based applying, leading, and shaping roles and who are senior level managers, seasoned 
managers, and specialized individual contributors requiring in-depth understanding of their business or function.
Executive Band and 
above (EB+) Career band including Executive Band, Senior Executive Band, Vice President, Senior Vice President. 
PoC
People of color includes employees who identify as American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black, or African American, 
Hispanic, or Latino, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, two or more races. This designation is self-reported in the 
U.S..
ERG Employee Resource Group. We have the following ERGs: Black Employee Network, Asian Pacific American Forum, 
Enabled, LatinX, Multicultural, Pride@work, Veterans, Women’s Network.
FY 2022 Financial year counted from January 1st, 2022, to December 31st, 2022.
Effective employees All employees excluding interns, co-ops, trainees, apprentice, inactive employees and contingent workers.
Active employees All employees excluding employees on long-term leave of absence, inactive employees and contingent workers.
Job function Company’s internal classification according to job family group (Commercial, Enabling, Production, Technical, and 
Other). A summary of the jobs compassed by these job functions can be found on page 38.
Internal candidates An existing employee that filled an open internal position/requisition within the Company. 
External candidates A person that is not an employee of the Company that was hired into an open position/requisition.
Entitled to parental 
leave
Entitled to parental leave based on country eligibility criteria, utilizing the Baker Hughes country policies and/or statutory 
regulations, whichever is more encompassing.
Primary and 
Secondary parent
Company’s designation used for the parental leave benefit program to distinguish the amount of leave entitlement. 
This is a self-designation by employee as primary or secondary.
Management roles/
People manager Effective employees who are in a people leader role.
Seniority Seniority/senior roles references two specific groupings of effective employees in leadership, Senior Professional Band 
and above (as defined above) and Executive Band and above (as defined above).
Employee time type 
category
All effective employees will be categorized into either the Part-Time category (employees with Time Type of Part Time 
plus employees with Time Type of Full Time who are less than 1.0 FTE) and Full-Time category (employees with Time 
Type of Full Time and 1.0 or greater FTE).
Age group
All effective employees are categorized into one of the following age groups: Under 30 years old, 30 – 50 years old, and 
over 50 years old. Employees whose birthdate is not available will be categorized as age group left blank. Calculation 
for age group will use age as whole numbers only considered as of 12/31/2022 (i.e. if employee is 50 years old and 6 
days, employee will be in the 30-50 age group).
Nationality An identification of a person based on their status of belonging to a particular nation. This is self-identified by 
employees in the HR enterprise system.
Generation group
All effective employees will be categorized into one of the following generation groups based on birth year: Silent (1928 
through 1945), Baby Boomers (1946 through 1964), Generation X (1965 through 1979), Generation Y/Millennials (1980 
through 1995) and Generation Z (1996 through present); employees whose birth year is not available will be categorized 
as generation group left blank.
Region
A group of countries located in the same geographically specified area as determined by the company. Regions 
include: Asia Pacific (APAC), Russia and Commonwealth of Independent States (RCIS), Middle East and North Africa 
(MENAT), North America (NAM), Latin America (LATAM), Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA), and Europe.

Baker Hughes     B-17
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
This page is 
intentionally left 
blank.

B-18     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Independent Accountants’ Report
To the Board of Directors and Management
Baker Hughes Company:
We have examined the Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions data and related notes for the year 
ended December 31, 2022 in the accompanying Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions 
(the “GHG Statements”) of Baker Hughes Company (the “Company”) (the “GHG Examination Subject Matter”).
We have also reviewed:
• the Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions data and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 in
the GHG Statements (the “GHG Review Subject Matter”); and
• the Statement and Notes on Waste for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Waste Review Subject 
Matter”).
These subject matters are included in Appendix B of the Company’s 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report (the 
“Report”).
The Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the GHG Examination Subject Matter 
in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised
Edition and GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard
(collectively, the “GHG Protocol Corporate Standard”), and for preparing and presenting the GHG Review 
Subject Matter in accordance with the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
(the “GHG Protocol Scope 3 Standard”); the standards together are referred to as the “GHG Protocol.” 
Furthermore, the Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the Waste Review 
Subject Matter in accordance with the Methodology and related Glossary of Terms set forth in the Waste
Review Subject Matter (the “Waste Criteria”). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the GHG 
Examination Subject Matter based on our examination, and to express conclusions on the GHG Review 
Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter based on our reviews.
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 205, Assertion-Based Examination Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the GHG Examination Subject Matter 
is in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects. An examination involves performing procedures to
obtain evidence about the GHG Examination Subject Matter. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures 
selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the GHG 
Examination Subject Matter, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence we obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Our reviews were conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and perform the reviews to 
obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to the GHG Review Subject 
Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter in order for them to be in accordance with the criteria. The 
procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an 
examination, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the GHG Review Subject 
KPMG LLP
2200 Wells Fargo Tower
201 Main Street
Fort Worth, TX 76102-3105
KPMG LLP , a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of  
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with  
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 
Independent Accountants’ Report
To the Board of Directors and Management
Baker Hughes Company:
We have examined the Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions data and related notes for the year 
ended December 31, 2022 in the accompanying Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions 
(the “GHG Statements”) of Baker Hughes Company (the “Company”) (the “GHG Examination Subject Matter”).
We have also reviewed:
• the Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions data and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 in
the GHG Statements (the “GHG Review Subject Matter”); and
• the Statement and Notes on Waste for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Waste Review Subject 
Matter”).
These subject matters are included in Appendix B of the Company’s 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report (the 
“Report”).
The Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the GHG Examination Subject Matter 
in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised
Edition and GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard
(collectively, the “GHG Protocol Corporate Standard”), and for preparing and presenting the GHG Review 
Subject Matter in accordance with the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
(the “GHG Protocol Scope 3 Standard”); the standards together are referred to as the “GHG Protocol.” 
Furthermore, the Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the Waste Review 
Subject Matter in accordance with the Methodology and related Glossary of Terms set forth in the Waste
Review Subject Matter (the “Waste Criteria”). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the GHG 
Examination Subject Matter based on our examination, and to express conclusions on the GHG Review 
Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter based on our reviews.
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 205, Assertion-Based Examination Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the GHG Examination Subject Matter 
is in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects. An examination involves performing procedures to
obtain evidence about the GHG Examination Subject Matter. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures 
selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the GHG 
Examination Subject Matter, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence we obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Our reviews were conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and perform the reviews to 
obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to the GHG Review Subject 
Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter in order for them to be in accordance with the criteria. The 
procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an 
examination, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the GHG Review Subject 
KPMG LLP
2200 Wells Fargo Tower
201 Main Street
Fort Worth, TX 76102-3105
KPMG LLP , a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of  
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with  
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 
Independent Accountants’ Report
To the Board of Directors and Management
Baker Hughes Company:
We have examined the Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions data and related notes for the year 
ended December 31, 2022 in the accompanying Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions 
(the “GHG Statements”) of Baker Hughes Company (the “Company”) (the “GHG Examination Subject Matter”).
We have also reviewed:
• the Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions data and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 in
the GHG Statements (the “GHG Review Subject Matter”); and
• the Statement and Notes on Waste for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Waste Review Subject 
Matter”).
These subject matters are included in Appendix B of the Company’s 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report (the 
“Report”).
The Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the GHG Examination Subject Matter 
in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised
Edition and GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard
(collectively, the “GHG Protocol Corporate Standard”), and for preparing and presenting the GHG Review 
Subject Matter in accordance with the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
(the “GHG Protocol Scope 3 Standard”); the standards together are referred to as the “GHG Protocol.” 
Furthermore, the Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the Waste Review 
Subject Matter in accordance with the Methodology and related Glossary of Terms set forth in the Waste
Review Subject Matter (the “Waste Criteria”). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the GHG 
Examination Subject Matter based on our examination, and to express conclusions on the GHG Review 
Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter based on our reviews.
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 205, Assertion-Based Examination Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the GHG Examination Subject Matter 
is in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects. An examination involves performing procedures to
obtain evidence about the GHG Examination Subject Matter. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures 
selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the GHG 
Examination Subject Matter, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence we obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Our reviews were conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and perform the reviews to 
obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to the GHG Review Subject 
Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter in order for them to be in accordance with the criteria. The 
procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an 
examination, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the GHG Review Subject 
KPMG LLP
2200 Wells Fargo Tower
201 Main Street
Fort Worth, TX 76102-3105
KPMG LLP , a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of  
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with  
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 
Independent Accountants’ Report
To the Board of Directors and Management
Baker Hughes Company:
We have examined the Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions data and related notes for the year 
ended December 31, 2022 in the accompanying Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions 
(the “GHG Statements”) of Baker Hughes Company (the “Company”) (the “GHG Examination Subject Matter”).
We have also reviewed:
• the Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions data and related notes for the year ended December 31, 2022 in
the GHG Statements (the “GHG Review Subject Matter”); and
• the Statement and Notes on Waste for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the “Waste Review Subject 
Matter”).
These subject matters are included in Appendix B of the Company’s 2022 Corporate Sustainability Report (the 
“Report”).
The Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the GHG Examination Subject Matter 
in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised
Edition and GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard
(collectively, the “GHG Protocol Corporate Standard”), and for preparing and presenting the GHG Review 
Subject Matter in accordance with the Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard
(the “GHG Protocol Scope 3 Standard”); the standards together are referred to as the “GHG Protocol.” 
Furthermore, the Company’s management is responsible for preparing and presenting the Waste Review 
Subject Matter in accordance with the Methodology and related Glossary of Terms set forth in the Waste
Review Subject Matter (the “Waste Criteria”). Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the GHG 
Examination Subject Matter based on our examination, and to express conclusions on the GHG Review 
Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter based on our reviews.
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 205, Assertion-Based Examination Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and 
perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the GHG Examination Subject Matter 
is in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects. An examination involves performing procedures to
obtain evidence about the GHG Examination Subject Matter. The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures 
selected depend on our judgment, including an assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the GHG 
Examination Subject Matter, whether due to fraud or error. We believe that the evidence we obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
Our reviews were conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements, and 
AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. Those standards require that we plan and perform the reviews to 
obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications should be made to the GHG Review Subject 
Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter in order for them to be in accordance with the criteria. The 
procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, an 
examination, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the GHG Review Subject 
KPMG LLP
2200 Wells Fargo Tower
201 Main Street
Fort Worth, TX 76102-3105
KPMG LLP , a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of  
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with  
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee.

Baker Hughes     B-19
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
2
Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter are in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects, in order to 
express an opinion. Accordingly, we do not express such an opinion. Because of the limited nature of the 
engagements, the level of assurance obtained in the reviews is substantially lower than the assurance that 
would have been obtained had examinations been performed. We believe that the review evidence we 
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our conclusions.
We are required to be independent and to meet our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with relevant 
ethical requirements related to the engagements.
The procedures we performed in our reviews were based on our professional judgment and consisted primarily 
of inquiries of management to obtain an understanding of the methodology and inputs used in deriving the 
GHG Review Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter, recalculating a selection of the GHG Review 
Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter based on the methodologies and inputs identified by 
management, and performing analytical procedures.
Except to the extent stated in our Independent Accountants’ Review Report on the People Review Subject 
Matter, our examination was limited to the GHG Examination Subject Matter presented in the Report and our 
reviews were limited to the GHG Review Subject Matter and Waste Review Subject Matter presented in the 
Report. The Report includes other information and metrics that were not subject to our examination or review 
procedures. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion, conclusion, or any other form of assurance on such 
information or metrics. 
As described in the GHG Statements and Statement and Notes on Waste, energy use data and waste volume
are subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature of and methods used
for determining such data. Obtaining sufficient appropriate examination evidence to support our opinion and 
sufficient appropriate review evidence to support our conclusions does not reduce the inherent uncertainty in 
the data. The selection by the Company’s management of different but acceptable measurement techniques 
could have resulted in materially different measurements.
As described in Note 2 of the GHG Statements, the Company has recalculated its 2019 Scope 1, 2, and 3 
emissions to account for structural changes, boundary enhancement, and enhancements in methodology and 
data, in accordance with the GHG Protocol.
In our opinion, the GHG Examination Subject Matter of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 is
presented in accordance with GHG Protocol Corporate Standard, in all material respects.
Based on our reviews, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the GHG Review 
Subject Matter or the Waste Review Subject Matter for the year ended December 31, 2022, in order for them to
be in accordance with the GHG Protocol Scope 3 Standard and the Waste Criteria, respectively.
May 24, 2023

B-20     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions
Statement on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions (MT CO2e)
2019 2022
Total scope 1 Emissions 500,603 376,172
Total scope 2 Indirect Emissions - Location Based 295,317 210,902
Total scope 2 Indirect Emissions - Market Based 286,752 193,933
Total scope 1 and 2 Emissions - Market Based 787,355 570,105
Total reported scope 3 Emissions 188,223,561 252,414,204
Note 1 - Company
Baker Hughes Company ("Baker Hughes," "the Company," "we," "us," or "our") is an energy technology company with a diversified 
portfolio of technologies and services that span the energy and industrial value chain. Built on a century of experience and 
conducting business in over 120 countries, our innovative technologies and services are taking energy forward. 
The Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas (GHG) CO2e Emissions have been prepared based on reporting year 2022, from 
January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, corresponding to the Baker Hughes Company fiscal year. The Statements and Notes on 
GHG CO2e emissions also include emissions data from base year 2019 (January 1, 2019, to December 31, 2019), corresponding to 
the Company’s fiscal year.  
The Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions do not include 2020-2021 emissions data since recalculated GHG CO2e 
emissions data for all years between the base year and the reporting year is optional, as noted in the World Resources Institute 
(WRI)/ World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard, Revised Edition.
Scope 1 
GHG CO2e emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition. Scope 1 represents direct GHG CO2e emissions that occur from sources 
that are owned or controlled by Baker Hughes. 
• Scope 1, facilities: Where fuel quantity is known, stationary combustion source methodology is used as described in the EPA 
Mandatory Reporting Rule, 40 CFR Part 98 Subpart C based on actual purchases during the year. Where fuel quantity is 
unknown, estimation methodology is based on size of occupied space and type of operation using the US Energy Information 
Administration (EIA) Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) data.
• Scope 1, field activities: Where fuel quantity is known, stationary combustion source methodology is used as described in the 
EPA Mandatory Reporting Rule, 40 CFR Part 98 Subpart C based on actual purchases during the year, or actual consumption 
in instances where fuel was not purchased. Where fuel quantity is unknown, fuel quantity is calculated using known fuel 
purchase records, operating hours and an average hourly consumption rate for field equipment.
• Scope 1, vehicles and marine vessels: Where fuel quantity is known or based on fixed usage contracts, mobile combustion 
source methodology is as described in the EPA Center for Corporate Climate Leadership GHG Inventory Guidance on Direct 
Emissions from Mobile Combustion Sources. Where vehicle fuel quantity is unknown, estimation methodology is based on 
regional averages of similar vehicles with known fuel usage.

Baker Hughes     B-21
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Scope 2
GHG CO2e emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol Corporate Standard 
and GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard. Scope 2 accounts for GHG CO2e 
emissions from the generation of purchased electricity consumed by the Company. 
• Scope 2, facilities: Emissions are calculated from electricity use with EPA eGRID, Canada National Inventory, and International 
Energy Agency emission factors based on actual purchases during the year. Location-based emissions are calculated using 
these grid factors by location for our global facility portfolio. We also calculate market-based emissions based on electricity 
procurement decisions and details including contracts, renewable energy certificates (RECs) in the US, and renewable 
energy guarantees of origin (REGOs) in the UK and European Union.  European residual mix factors are used where REGOs are 
unavailable. Where electricity use data is unavailable, estimation methodology involves calculation of energy use based on 
square footage and facility type using the EIA CBECS data. 
• Scope 2, remote work: Emissions associated with remote work are included in scope 2. We take this approach to 
counterbalance reduced emissions resulting from fewer office-based employees working on-site at our facilities since the 
COVID-19 pandemic. The Company continues to offer flexible work arrangements to our global employees and remote 
working has continued at a somewhat lower rate. Emissions from home office electricity use were assessed in a Baker 
Hughes-specific Home Office study. The study assessed the actual electricity use by volunteer employee participants and 
calculated the corresponding emissions using IEA Emission Factors. 
Scope 3
GHG CO2e emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol: Corporate Value  
Chain (scope 3), Accounting and Reporting Standard. Scope 3 includes indirect GHG CO2e emissions (not included in scope 2) 
that occur in the value chain of the Company, including both upstream and downstream emissions categories listed in Notes 7 
and 8. 
Collectively, the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition, the GHG Protocol 
Scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and the GHG Protocol: Corporate Value Chain 
(scope 3), Accounting and Reporting Standard are referred to as the “GHG Protocol” in this document. 
Estimation uncertainties 
The Company obtains energy use data from across our global operations for the calculation of our GHG inventory in 
accordance with the GHG Protocol. However, there are estimation uncertainties resulting from the limitations inherent in the 
methodologies used to calculate energy and emissions for the subset of facilities and activities where actual use data is not 
available. These methodologies are described within the Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions for scope 1, 2 and 3 
emissions categories. The selection by the Company's management of different but acceptable measurement techniques 
could have resulted in materially different measurements.
Note 2 – GHG reporting inventory boundaries
The Company presents its emissions under the operational control approach, accounting for emissions from operations over 
which it, or one of its subsidiaries, has the full authority to introduce and implement its operating policies. We exclude minority 
owned joint ventures not operated by the Company.

B-22     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Operational boundaries
Scope 1 and 2 Operational boundaries: We include scope 1 emissions from the combustion of fuels on-site at our facilities, 
including natural gas, distillate, gasoline, kerosene, propane, residual fuel oil, and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Scope 1 also 
includes offsite activities associated with transportation in our company vehicle fleet and field activities related to stimulation 
work carried out on marine vessels, pressure pumping operations, integrated well services (IWS), and offshore wireline activities. 
Scope 2 includes CO2e emissions from the purchase and self-generation of renewable and nonrenewable electricity used on-
site across our global facility portfolio. Emissions associated with remote work are also included in scope 2. 
For both scope 1 and 2, the Company includes both owned and leased facilities, vehicles, and equipment. The Company 
accounts for CO2e emissions from long-term leased assets (equipment, vehicles, and real estate) that are treated as wholly 
owned assets in financial accounting and are recorded as such on the balance sheet. We account for emissions from all other 
leased vehicles based on operational fleet management inventories. Facilities subleased to third parties are excluded and 
scope 1 does not include emissions from process and pipeline services (PPS) because robust methods to calculate these are not 
yet available.  
Scope 3 operational boundaries: 
Scope 3 includes: 
• GHG Protocol category 1 – purchased goods and services. 
• Category 2 - capital goods; We are now disclosing Category 2 based on improvements in data and methodology since our 
2021 Corporate Responsibility report.
• Category 3 – fuel and energy related activities (not included in scope 1 and 2).
• Category 4 – shipments paid for by Baker Hughes and captured in transportation management systems.
• Category 5 – waste from operations.
• Category 6 – business travel.
• Category 7 – employee commuting. 
• Category 9 – shipments not paid for by Baker Hughes.
• Category 11 – direct-use phase emissions from products and services.
• Category 15 – equity investments.  
Base year 
The GHG CO2e base year applies to scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3 emissions and has been prepared in accordance with the 
GHG Protocol set out herein. The Company has established 2019 as the base year for scope 1, 2 and 3 as it best represents the 
most recent year of business-as-usual operations prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.  In accordance with the GHG Protocol, Baker 
Hughes has established a policy to recalculate base year emissions based on a 5% cumulative significance threshold applied 
to adjustments of scope 1, scope 2, and scope 3 categories individually for the current reporting year and base year. Significant 
changes evaluated for recalculation include recent company structural changes, boundary enhancement, and enhancements 
in methodology and data. The recalculation of our fixed-base year emissions is in accordance with the GHG Protocol’s “same-
year/all-year” approach. Adjustments to the scope 1 and 2 base year were made for:
1. Divestiture of two business units in 2022 for categories 3 and 5, which use scope 1 and 2 activity data.
2. Improvements in accounting methodology for facility emissions and scope 2 market-based emissions based on enhanced 
data processing capabilities.
3. Improvements in data quality and estimation methodology for fleet emissions.

Baker Hughes     B-23
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Adjustments to the scope 3 2019 base year were made for:
1. Divestiture of two business units in 2022 for categories 3 and 5.  
2. Divestiture of three business units in 2021 for all categories except 3 and 5 which were adjusted in the prior year.
3. Acquisition of three business units in 2021 for all categories except category 3 which was adjusted in the prior year.
4. Improvements in accounting methodology for category 3.
5. Improvements in data quality for category 1.
6. Boundary change for category 11.
Greenhouse gases covered 
Emissions data is provided in metric tonnes (MT) for each GHG separately in addition to the total of all GHGs. The GHG CO2e 
emissions disclosed in the Statements and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions include the following seven greenhouse gases: carbon 
dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide (N2O), hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), perfluorocarbons (PFCs), nitrogen trifluoride (NF3), 
and sulfur hexafluoride (SF6). 
Market-based approach 
Carbon emissions can be reduced through energy efficiency and conservation measures and by increasing the use of zero 
carbon or low-carbon energy sources. The market-based approach calculates the carbon emissions based on our electricity 
procurement decisions which include the use of renewables and zero-emissions energy sources, such as nuclear. Details 
including contracts, renewable energy certificates (RECs), and renewable energy guarantees of origin (REGOs) are used in 
calculating market-based emissions. We apply energy attribute certificates (EACs) only to the electricity consumption of 
specific facilities under the contract. Excess EACs are not applied to sites or regions other than those under contract. We use 
market-based values to assess our performance against our stated emissions reduction goals in the current reporting year as 
compared to our base year. 
Global warming potentials 
GHG CO2e emissions were calculated using the Global Warming Potentials (GWP) from the International Panel on Climate 
Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 – 100 year). Where emission factors are published with AR4 GWP, we have adjusted 
the factors to use AR5 for consistency across our inventory.

B-24     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Emissions Factors
EMISSIONS SCOPE EMISSIONS SOURCE EMISSIONS FACTORS
Scope 1
Vehicle
Distillate fuel,
gasoline/petrol
2019: -United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1), March 26, 2020.
United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions and Sinks: 1990–2016 EPA 430-R-18-003, Annex 3.2.2022: 
United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1), April 1, 2022.
United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions and Sinks: 1990–2019 EPA 430-R-21-005, Annexes to the Inventory of U.S. 
GHG Emissions and Sinks, Table A-79, Table A-82 and Table A-83.
Field activities
(Pressure 
pumping, wireline, 
integrated well 
services, and 
marine vessels)
Distillate fuel
2019: United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1 and 5), March 26, 2020.
2022: United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1 and 5), April 1, 2022. 
Facilities
Natural gas, distillate, 
gasoline, kerosene, 
LPG, propane, residual 
fuel oil, HFCs
2019: United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1), March 26, 2020.
2022: United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1), April 1, 2022.
International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 46 – Global warming consequences of 
replacing natural gas with hydrogen in the domestic energy sectors of future low-
carbon economies in the UK and USA, July 8, 2021.
California Air Resources Board, High GWP Refrigerants (https://ww2.arb.ca.gov/
resources/documents/high-gwp-refrigerants).
Scope 2
Facilities Electricity
2019: United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) eGRID 2018, March 9, 
2020; 2019 Canada National Inventory Report 1990-2017, Annex 13-2 through 13-14, 
2019; International Energy Agency (IEA) – IEA 2017 released 2019; Association of Issuing 
Bodies, European Residual Mixes 2019, Version 1.1, August 9, 2020.
2022: United States – Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) eGRID 2020, April 1, 
2022; 2022 Canada National Inventory Report 1990-2020, Part 3, Annex 13, Table 
A13-1 through Table A13-14; International Energy Agency (IEA) – IEA 2022 released 
September 2022; Association of Issuing Bodies, European Residual Mixes 2021, Version 
1.0, May 31, 2022.
Remote work Electricity
2019: International Energy Agency (IEA) – IEA 2017 released 2019.
2022: International Energy Agency (IEA) – IEA 2022 released September 2022.
Scope 3
Category 1 Purchased goods and 
services
2019: EXIOBASE 3 EE MRIO tables, Version 3.7, December 18, 2019.
2022: EXIOBASE 3 EE MRIO tables, Version 3.8.2, October 21, 2021.
Category 2 Capital goods
2019 & 2022: GHG Protocol and Quantis “Documentation of the data and calculations 
to support the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 3 Screening Tool”, last updated 
February 2021.
Category 3
Fuel- and energy 
related activities (not 
included in scope 1 or 
scope 2)
GHG Protocol and Quantis “Documentation of the data and calculations to support 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 3 Screening Tool”, last updated February 2021.

Baker Hughes     B-25
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Scope 3
Category 4
Upstream 
transportation and 
distribution
2019: DEFRA 2019. UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 
2019, v 1. Freighting Goods Table.
2022: DEFRA 2022. UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 
2022, v 1. Freighting Goods Table.
Category 5 Waste generated  
in operations
2019: DEFRA 2019. UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 
2020, v 1. Waste Disposal Table.
2022: DEFRA 2022. UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 
2022, v 1. Waste Disposal Table.
Category 6 Business Travel
2019: United States - Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Tables 2 and 10), March 26, 2020.
UK Government - DEFRA GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting (hotel stay, 
Business travel- air, Business travel- land), 2019.
UK Government – DEFRA GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting (Business 
travel - land), 2020.
2022: UK Government - DEFRA GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting (hotel 
stay, Business travel- air, Business travel- land), 2022.
United States - Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Tables 2 and 10), April 1, 2022.
2019 and 2022: 
India GHG Program 2015. v 1, Passenger Car Table, p. 9
US EPA Environmentally-Extended Input-Output (USEEIO) v1.1
Category 7 Employee  
commuting
2019: United States - Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 10), March 26, 2020.
2022: United States - Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 10), April 1, 2022.
UK Government - DEFRA GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting (Business 
travel - Land).
Category 9
Downstream 
transportation and 
distribution
2019 and 2022: Same as Category 4.
Category 11 Use of sold products
International Energy Agency (IEA) – IEA 2019 released 2019.
International Energy Agency (IEA) – IEA 2022 released September 2022.
SimaPro 9.0.0.30 with Ecoinvent 3.5 database.
United States - Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Emission Factors for 
Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 7), April 1, 2022.
IEA SDG7: Data and Projections, 
"Energy intensity," April 2022.
Category 15 Investments GHG Protocol and Quantis “Documentation of the data and calculations to support 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 3 Screening Tool”, last updated February 2021.

B-26     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Note 3 - CO2e intensity
Market based: MT CO2e per $ revenue
Total scope 1, scope 2 (market based) and scope 3 emissions per dollar of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The 
Company has established 2019 as the base year for scope 1, 2 and 3 as it best represents the most recent year of business-as-
usual operations prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.
2019 2022
Scope 1 per $ revenue 0.000021 0.000018
Scope 2 per $ revenue 0.000012 0.000009
Scope 3 per $ revenue 0.007896 0.011931
Total per $ revenue 0.007929 0.011958
Total revenue (millions USD) $23,838 $21,156
Note 4 - CO2e Emissions data by GHG
GHG Emissions by gas
Emissions data for all seven GHGs in metric tonnes and in tonnes of CO2e include only scope 1 and 2 emissions.
IN MT CO 2E
CO2 CH4 N2O HFCs PFCs NF3 SF6
2022
Scope 1 370,644 4,613 908 7 0 0 0
Scope 2, 
Location-Based Approach
209,987 326 589 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Scope 2, 
Market-Based Approach 
193,239 233 461 N/A N/A N/A N/A
IN ABSOLUTE MT GAS
CO2 CH4 N2O HFCs PFCs NF3 SF6
2022
Scope 1 370,644 165 3 7 0 0 0
Scope 2, 
Location-Based Approach
209,987 12 2 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Scope 2, 
Market-Based Approach
193,239 8 2 N/A N/A N/A N/A
Note 5 - Emissions data on direct or biogenic CO2 emissions from biologically 
sequestered carbon
There are no emissions applicable to biologically sequestered carbon (e.g., CO2 from burning biomass or biofuels).
Note 6 - Information on offsets 
It is the Baker Hughes sustainability policy to exhaust all carbon emissions reduction pathways prior to starting to use offsets. 
Carbon offsets are not included in our short to mid-term net-zero roadmap (See Note 2, market-based approach).

Baker Hughes     B-27
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Note 7 – Scope 3 reporting
Scope 3 reporting (MT CO2e)
2019 2022 NOTES
Upstream 
Scope 3 
emissions
Category 1 Purchased Goods 
and Services 4,602,303 5,718,784
Includes spend related to purchased goods and services, 
except for capital goods (Category 2), utilities (Category 3), 
logistics (Category 4), and business travel (Category 6). Spend 
considered relates to raw materials, finished & semi-finished 
goods, and services provided to the Company.
Category 2 Capital Goods 298,734 233,574
Includes emissions from the upstream production of Plant, 
Property, & Equipment (PP&E) from the Company’s Fixed Asset 
Registry.
Category 3
Fuel- and Energy-
Related Activities 
(not included in 
Scope 1 or 2)
184,214 136,224 Includes emissions from fuel and energy related activities not 
already accounted for in scope 1 and scope 2 emissions.
Category 4
Upstream 
Transportation  
and Distribution
536,642 317,937
Includes domestic and international third-party owned or 
operated transportation via land, sea or air purchased by Baker 
Hughes.
Category 5 Waste Generated  
in Operations 20,612 79,284
Includes emissions from the disposal of waste types, hazardous 
and non-hazardous waste, and disposal methods, such as 
Recycling, Landfill, or re-use.
Category 6 Business Travel 100,624 56,454
Includes business travel booked within and outside Baker 
Hughes' third-party booking system, and out-of-pocket 
business travel expenses. This includes business travel activities 
such as air, rail, bus, automobiles (including employee owned 
and rental cars), as well as hotel stays when employees travel.
Category 7 Employee 
Commuting 151,941 101,404
Includes commuting emissions from active employees except 
for Home Office emissions for employees who work remotely. 
This includes travel by personal vehicle, public transportation, or 
other zero emission methods. Optional Home Office emissions 
are reported under scope 2. 
Category 8 Leased Assets Not relevant Not relevant Over 99% of emissions from the operation of leased assets are 
included in scope 1 and 2, or scope 3 category 11.
Down-
stream 
Scope 3 
emissions
Category 9 Transportation 
and Distribution 518,908 359,773
Includes domestic and international third-party owned or 
operated transportation related to Baker Hughes products, via 
land, sea or air, purchased by value chain partners.
Category 10 Processing of Sold 
Products insignificant insignificant Over 99% of Baker Hughes revenues are from finished goods.
Category 11
Use of Sold
Products
181,576,472 244,794,528
Includes in-use emissions from products and services sold 
by Baker Hughes. These direct use-phase emissions originate 
from the combustion of fuel or consumption of electricity, and 
leakage during the operation of sold products and services.
Category 1
End-of-Life 
Treatment of Sold 
Products
Not reported Not reported
Further engagement with customers is needed to understand 
how products are disposed/dispositioned. This also 
complements our efforts in 2023 to advance the circular 
economy.
Category 13 Leased Assets Excluded 
category
Excluded 
category
Baker Hughes does not distinguish between products sold 
and leased and therefore accounts for leased assets within 
category 11 - Use of Sold Products.
Category 14 Franchises Not relevant Not relevant Baker Hughes does not operate franchises.
Category 15 Investments 233,111 616,242 Includes equity investments which are not consolidated into 
Baker Hughes financial statements. Certain equity investments 
are not included as the Company is limited in its ability to collect 
data.
Total scope 3 
emissions
188,223,561 252,414,204

B-28     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Note 8 - Scope 3 additional disclosures
Summary of the category scope, types and sources of data used, data quality, methodology, allocation methods, and 
assumptions used to calculate emissions.
Description of scope 3 methodologies and data used
DESCRIPTION OF THE TYPES AND SOURCES OF DATA USED TO 
CALCULATE EMISSIONS
DESCRIPTION OF THE METHODOLOGIES, ALLOCATION 
METHODS, AND ASSUMPTIONS USED TO CALCULATE 
EMISSIONS
Upstream 
scope 3 
emissions
Category 1, 
Purchased 
goods and 
services
Activity data 
(primary data) direct and indirect purchasing activity in 
the reporting year.
Emissions factors
(secondary data) cradle-to-gate emission factors for 
purchased goods and services were obtained from 
EXIOBASE3.
The calculation uses the spend-based methodology.  
Where spend cannot be mapped to a UNSPSC code, 
emissions are estimated through extrapolation of 
mapped spend.
Emissions = (spend by UNSPSC) x (mapped EEIO 
factor).
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Very Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%
Category 2, 
Capital goods
Activity data 
(primary data) PP&E purchasing activity in the reporting 
year.
Emissions factors
(secondary data) emission factors from the Scope 
3 Quantis Evaluator Tool (ghgprotocol.org/scope-3-
evaluator).
The calculation uses the average spend-based 
methodology and emission factors outlined in the 
GHG Protocol and Quantis “Documentation of the 
data and calculations to support the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol Scope 3 Screening Tool”, last updated 
February 2021.
Emissions = (spend by category) x (Quantis emission 
factor).
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Very Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%
Category 3, Fuel 
and energy 
related
Activity data
(primary data) scope 1 and scope 2 (market-based) 
emissions from the reporting year
Emissions factors
(secondary data) emission factors from the Scope 
3 Quantis Evaluator Tool (ghgprotocol.org/scope-3-
evaluator)
The estimation uses average-data methodology, and 
emission factors outlined in the GHG Protocol and 
Quantis “Documentation of the data and calculations 
to support the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 3 
Screening Tool”, last updated February 2021.
Emissions = (total Scope 1 and 2 emissions) x (Quantis 
emission factor)
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good.
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%
Category 4, 
Upstream 
transportation 
and logistics
Activity data 
(primary data) Details from the company’s transportation 
management system including the freight spend, origin 
and destination of the shipment, the mode of transport,  
and weight for domestic and international movements.
Emissions factors
(secondary data) The emission factors are from DEFRA 
Conversion Factors for Company Reporting, Freighting 
Goods table for each mode of transport.
The calculation uses a combination of the distance-
weight and spend-based methodology.  Where 
distance-weight data is not available, freight spend is 
used to extrapolate emissions. 
Emissions = (emission factor by mode) x (distance of 
movement x weight of shipment by mode).
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good.
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%

Baker Hughes     B-29
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Upstream 
scope 3 
emissions
Category 
5, Waste 
generated from 
operations
Activity data
(primary data) The quantities of hazardous, nonhazardous, 
recycled, and e-waste generated during operations were 
obtained from the Company’s’ HSE data management 
system. The data also includes the treatment methods 
recycling, landfill, incineration with and without energy 
recovery and others.
Emissions factors
(secondary data) The emission factors are from the DEFRA 
Conversion Factors for Company Reporting, Waste Disposal 
table.
The calculation uses the Waste-Type-Specific 
methodology. Where data is unavailable (does not 
meet reporting threshold of 10,000 square feet facility 
or some rental facilities), activity data is extrapolated 
considering region and facility type.  For 2019, we back-
cast emissions based on 2022 waste quantities, the 
2019 DEFRA Conversion Factor, and 2019 revenue.
Emissions = (emission factor by waste type and 
disposal method) x (amount of waste by type and 
disposal method).
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good.
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%
Category 6, 
Business travel
Activity data
(primary data) Distance per mode of transportation and 
number of hotel nights Baker Hughes employees booked 
in the reporting year is collected by Baker Hughes external 
partners, namely our travel management partner and 
preferred rental car providers.
(primary data) Distance travelled by personal use of car 
for business travel as reported in Baker Hughes expense 
management system.
Emissions factors
(secondary data) Emission factors for rental cars are from 
EPA by car class and Global Warming Potential (GWP) 
values as reported within the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report.
(secondary data) Emission factors for hotel are from DEFRA 
GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting – “Hotel 
stay”. Where data is not available by country, an average 
emission factor is applied.
(secondary data) Emission factors for air are from DEFRA’s 
GHG Conversion Factors considering flight types (short haul, 
long-haul) and cabin class.
(secondary data) Emission factors for rail are from 
DEFRA’s GHG Conversion Factors considering national and 
international rail.
(secondary data) Emission factors for personal cars used 
for business travel are from country-specific sources. US – 
EPA Emission Factors Hub; India
– India GHG Program; UK & all other countries – DEFRA 
Conversion Factors.
(secondary data) Emission factor for public transportation 
spend is from US EPA Environmentally-Extended Input-
Output (USEEIO) matrices.
The calculation uses the distance-based methodology 
for travel, hotel stays, and spend-based methodology 
for expenses.
Emissions = ∑ (distance travelled by vehicle type 
(vehicle-km or passenger-km) × vehicle specific 
emission factor (kg CO2e/vehicle-km or kg CO2e/
passenger-km)) + ∑ (annual number of hotel nights 
(nights) × hotel emission factor (kg CO2e/night)) + (( ∑ 
(Expenses claimed for public transport) -  ∑ (Expenses 
covered by other reports)) x EEIO emission factor (kg 
CO2e/$) ).
Reports used for other travel expenses include reports 
from third party travel vendors.
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good.
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 82%

B-30     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Upstream 
scope 3 
emissions
Category 7, 
Employee 
commuting
Activity data
(primary data) Employee count from human capital 
management system and direct employee commuting 
data (mode, distance, frequency) taken by a company 
wide survey.
(secondary data) Estimated one-way commute miles 
from U.S. DOT, Federal Highway Administration, 2010 Status 
of the Nation’s Highways, Bridges, and Transit: Conditions 
& Performance (https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/2010cpr/
execsum.cfm for 2019, and https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/
policyinformation/statistics/2020/vm1.cfm for 2021).
Emissions factors
(secondary data) Emissions factors from EPA GHG  
Emissions Factors Hub – Table 10 Scope 3 Category 6 and 7.
This calculation uses the average-data method, and 
assumes an average distance travelled each day, 
number of employees working from home, and 48 
working weeks in a year with a 5-day work week.
Assumes car travel is representative of employee 
commuting behaviors as other data is not available. 
We aspire to improve the data quality in the future by 
surveying our employee base.
Emissions = total distance travelled by vehicle type 
x ∑ ((# Employees - # Employees Working Remotely) 
x distance travelled from work to home / day (one-
way) x 2 x number of commuting days per year) OR 
Emissions = Distance travelled x Emission factor per 
vehicle type x frequency of commute. Only applicable 
to employees who responded to the survey.
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good.
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%
Down-
stream 
scope 3 
emissions.
Category 9, 
Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution
Activity data  
(secondary data) Category 4 emissions from upstream 
transportation and distribution and estimated percentage 
of Baker Hughes purchased shipments vs. third-party 
purchased shipments, based on Incoterms weighted by 
activity.
(secondary data) Revenue data, along with Incoterm 
weighting, is used to estimate emissions for Category 9.
This calculation uses a combination of distance-based 
and spend-based methods. Emissions are estimated 
for Category 9 by extrapolating emissions from 
Category 4 based on revenue.
Emissions = (emissions Cat4) x (ratio of BH-purchased 
vs. not purchased).
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Fair
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%
Category 11, 
Use of sold 
products
Activity data
(Primary data) Revenue, sales, build plan data for products 
and services.
(Primary data) Product specifications and subject-matter-
expert testimony.
Emissions factors
(Secondary data) See GHG Emission Factors table in Note 2 
above.
We calculate direct use-phase emissions for products 
and services. Energy consumption, gas leakage, 
product utilization, and estimated lifetime of products 
is based on product expert knowledge and technical 
calculations.
Emissions = Sum of emissions (MT CO2e) x qty sold in 
reporting year (functional unit) x expected life (years) x 
allocation factor.
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good.
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%
Category 15, 
Investments
Activity data
(primary data) Revenue and industry of equity investments 
which are not consolidated into the Company’s financial 
statements.
(Secondary data) Emission factors from the Scope 
3 Quantis Evaluator Tool (ghgprotocol.org/scope-3-
evaluator) 
This estimation uses the average-data methodology, 
reporting year revenue where available, and emission 
factors outlined in the GHG Protocol and Quantis 
“Documentation of the data and calculations to 
support the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Scope 3 
Screening Tool”, last updated February 2021. Certain 
equity investments have zero emissions if there was 
zero activity in their financial information or financial 
information was not available.
Emissions = ($ revenue by industry) x (Quantis 
emission factor).
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Fair
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained 
from suppliers or other value chain partners 0%

Baker Hughes     B-31
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Statement and Notes on Waste
Statement on Waste
Metric Criteria Page # KPI Methodology
Waste generated GRI 306-3 p. 71
• Total waste generated.
• Hazardous waste generated. 
• Non-hazardous waste 
generated.
• E-waste generated.
• Metal waste generated.
• All
Total waste generated = ∑ Hazardous waste generated,  non-
hazardous waste generated, e-waste waste generated, metals 
waste generated.
Waste diverted 
from disposal by 
waste type
GRI 306-4 p. 71
• Total waste recycled.
• Hazardous waste recycled.
• Non-hazardous waste recycled.
• E-waste recycled.
• Metals recycled.
Total waste diverted from disposal from Baker Hughes operations 
through recycling. 
Total waste diverted from disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste diverted 
from disposal, non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal, 
e-waste diverted from disposal, metals waste diverted from 
disposal.
Waste diverted 
from disposal 
by recovery 
operation
GRI 306-4 p. 71
• Hazardous waste diverted from 
disposal by recovery operation.
• Non-hazardous waste diverted 
from disposal by recovery 
operation.
• E-waste diverted from disposal 
by recovery operation.
• Metal waste diverted from 
disposal by recovery operation.
Total waste diverted from disposal from Baker Hughes operations. 
Total waste diverted from disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste diverted 
from disposal, non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal, 
e-waste diverted from disposal, metals waste diverted from 
disposal. 
Each respective component of this calculation is broken down 
in categories of recovery operations; preparation of reuse, 
reclamation, recycling, and other recovery operations. 
Waste directed to 
disposal by waste 
type
GRI 306-5 p. 71
• Total waste directed to disposal.
• Hazardous waste directed to 
disposal.
• Non-hazardous waste directed 
to disposal.
• E-waste directed to disposal.
• Metal waste directed to disposal.
Total weight of waste directed to disposal in metric tons by waste 
type.
Total waste directed to disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste directed 
to disposal, non-hazardous waste directed to disposal, e-waste 
directed to disposal, metal waste directed to disposal.
Waste directed 
to disposal 
by disposal 
operation
GRI 306-5 p. 71
• Hazardous waste disposed by 
disposal operation.
• Non-hazardous waste disposed 
by disposal operation. 
• E-waste disposed by disposal 
operation.
• Metal waste disposed by 
disposal operation. 
Total waste directed to disposal from Baker Hughes operations. 
Total waste directed to disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste directed 
to disposal, non-hazardous waste directed to disposal, e-waste 
directed to disposal, metals waste directed to disposal. 
Each respective component of this calculation is broken down 
in categories of disposal operation categories: Incineration (with 
energy recovery), Incineration (without energy recovery), Landfilling, 
and other disposal operations.
Waste prevented GRI 306-4 p. 71
• Total waste that was prevented 
from waste disposal by 
converting into products. 
The sum of total waste prevented equals the volume of material 
that was converted from a waste to a product.

B-32     Baker Hughes
 TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Note 1 - Basis of presentation
The Statement and Notes on Waste have been prepared for the year from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022, corresponding 
to the Company’s fiscal year. The Company prepared the Statement and Notes on Waste in accordance with select Global 
Reporting Initiative’s disclosures: GRI 306 Waste 2020. Key terms used are defined in the GRI Standards Glossary.
Note 2 – Reporting boundary
The Company presents its waste volume from operations over which it, or one of its subsidiaries, has the full authority to 
introduce and implement its operating policies. We exclude minority owned joint ventures not operated by the Company.
Note 3 – Use of estimates and estimation uncertainties
The Company bases its estimates and methodologies on historical experience, available information, and various other 
assumptions that it believes to be reasonable. Waste volume presented are subject to measurement uncertainties resulting 
from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but 
acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different measurement 
techniques may also vary. 
Note 4 - Methodology of Waste Metrics  
The volume (metric ton) and waste type are obtained from third party vendors using the Company’s HSE data management 
system. Where data from third party vendors are not available for a certain location, the Company estimates the volume by 
extrapolating the square footage of the location and the actual volume for the waste type of a similar location.
Note 5 - Glossary of Terms
TERM DEFINITION
Hazardous waste Waste disposed that possesses any of the characteristics contained in Annex III of the Basel Convention, or that is 
considered to be hazardous by national legislation.
Non-hazardous waste All other waste not classified as hazardous, e-waste or metal waste. 
Electronic waste 
(e-waste)
Loosely discarded, surplus, obsolete, broken, electrical or electronic devices. 
i.e., computers, copiers, fax machines, etc.
Metal waste
Metals are materials that are hard, lustrous, malleable, ductile, and sonorous.  
i.e., iron, copper, aluminum, calcium, magnesium, etc.

Baker Hughes     B-33
TOC  |  Letters  |  By the Numbers  |  About Baker Hughes  |  Sustainability  |  People  |  Planet  |  Principles  |  Appendices    
Legal disclosures
We report our sustainability performance annually. This report was developed for the reporting period of January 1, 2022 
to December 31, 2022.  This report includes several restatements of data from prior years’ reports in accordance with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition. Those restatements and the 
reasons for them are identified as they appear. Our organizational boundary is based on an operational control approach. We 
report performance from the operation of our wholly owned companies and the subsidiaries over which we have operational 
control and exclude non-operated, minority-owned joint ventures. Our report is reviewed prior to publication by our Governance 
and Corporate Responsibility Committee as part of their regular review of sustainability and corporate responsibility topics, 
which is then approved by the full Board of Directors.
Unless otherwise specifically stated, this report covers Baker Hughes’s performance in 2022. Incremental information regarding 
our sustainability report has been included in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our 2022 Proxy Statement, which can be 
found at https://investors.bakerhughes.com/investor-relations. 
The goals and projects described in this report are aspirational; as such, no guarantees or promises are made that these 
goals and projects will be met or successfully executed. Furthermore, data, statistics, and metrics included in this report are 
not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), continue to evolve and may be based 
on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but should not be considered guarantees and may be 
subject to future revision. This report uses certain terms including those that GRI or others refer to as “material” to reflect the 
issues or priorities of Baker Hughes and its stakeholders. Used in this context, however, these terms are distinct from, and should 
not be confused with, the terms “material” and “materiality” as defined by or construed in accordance with securities, or other, 
laws or as used in the context of financial statements and reporting. 
Statements of future events or conditions in this report, including those that concern future  circumstances and results and 
other statements that are not historical facts and are sometimes identified by the words “may,” “will,” “should,” “potential,” 
“intend,” “expect,” “endeavor,” “seek,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “overestimate,” “underestimate,” “believe,” “could,” “project,” “predict,” 
“continue,” “target” or other similar words or expressions, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based 
upon current plans, data, estimates and expectations that are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.
Should one or more of these forward looking statements, risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions 
prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. 
The inclusion of such statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates or expectations will 
be achieved. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such plans, estimates or expectations 
include, among others: changes in demand for oil and natural gas, as well as integrated products and services; expenditure 
reductions; changes in economic, political, and business conditions; changes in laws, regulations, other requirements or the 
enforcement or interpretation thereof including those related to oil and gas exploration and production, natural resources 
and fossil fuels management and climate-related initiatives; technological developments of, and substantial investments in, 
alternative energy; success of our CCUS and other initiatives; inability to reduce environmental impact; involvement in litigation; 
inability to satisfy service, equipment and power purchase agreements; inability to obtain, maintain, protect or enforce our 
intellectual property rights; remedial or non-compliance actions; the financial and operating conditions of our supply chain; 
defects in risk management; losses from, or the inability to identify and mitigate, risks inherent in operating in the global energy 
industry; high cost or unavailability of infrastructure, materials, equipment, supplies and/or personnel; potential disruption of 
operations due to war, accidents, weather and seasonal factors, political events, civil unrest, cybersecurity, geopolitical, or 
terrorism threats, pandemics, economic downturns or other causes beyond our control; and the risk factors in the “Risk Factors” 
section of our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and those set forth from time-to-time in other filings by the Company with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), available through our website or through the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering 
and Analysis Retrieval (EDGAR) system at http://www.sec.gov.