CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: 
OXY SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE Sustainability Strategy  10
Board of Directors  11
Corporate Governance  12
Risk Management and Strategic Planning  13
Business Ethics and Code of Business Conduct  14
Public Policy Engagement and Lobbying  15
PLANET Approach to Environmental Stewardship  18
Climate Policy Positions  19
Climate Strategy: Pathway to Net-Zero  20
Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Methane and Flaring  23
Energy Utilization and Efficiency  26
Water Stewardship  28
Spill Prevention and Waste Management  32
Biodiversity, Land Use and Remediation  33
PEOPLE Advancing Human Capital  37
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging  38
Workforce Development and Learning  39
Health, Safety and Well-Being  41
Operational Management System  43
Product Stewardship  46
Human Rights  47
PROSPERITY Community and Social Investment  49
Community Partnerships and Engagement  50
Industry Engagement and Leadership  53
Local Supply Chain Management  54
Introduction: A Sustainable Energy Leader  3
Statement From the CEO  4
Performance Highlights and  
Progress on Our Commitments  5
About This Report  7
Stakeholder Engagement  8
CONTENTS
APPENDICES Oxy 2020 Annual ESG Performance Indicators  56
Notes Concerning Forward-Looking Statement  
and GHG Emissions Estimates  61
Independent Assurance Statement re Scope  
1 and 2 GHG Emissions  63
2020 EEO-1 Report on U.S. Employees  64
Glossary of Terms  65

INTRODUCTION:  
A SUSTAINABLE  
ENERGY LEADER
Oxy's integrated business model unifies our talented, diverse workforce with 
best-in-class assets and industry leadership to advance a low-carbon future. 
Founded in 1920, Oxy’s success is built on technical expertise, business acumen, 
strong partnerships and our proven ability to deliver lasting results. Oxy is an 
international energy company with assets primarily in the United States, the 
Middle East and North Africa. We are one of the largest oil producers in the U.S., 
including leading positions in the Permian and Denver-Julesburg Basins, and 
offshore in the Gulf of Mexico. Our midstream and marketing segment purchases, 
markets, gathers, processes, transports, and stores oil, condensate, natural gas 
liquids, natural gas, carbon dioxide (CO2), and power. Our chemical subsidiary, 
OxyChem, is a leading manufacturer of chlorine, caustic soda, caustic potash, PVC 
resins and chlorinated organics — key building blocks to life-enhancing products 
such as pharmaceuticals, water treatment chemicals, building materials and 
plastics. Our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures (OLCV) subsidiary is advancing leading-
edge technologies, products and services that economically grow our business 
while reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.
We conduct our business in a manner that safeguards our employees and 
contractors, benefits neighboring communities, strengthens regional economies 
and advances innovative solutions to global environmental challenges. Our 
employees drive our commitment to serve as an innovative and sustainable 
leader in the effort to accelerate the successful transition to a low-carbon future.
We take great pride in our constructive engagement with investors, customers, 
non-profit organizations, host governments and communities throughout our 
operations. Oxy continually evaluates ways that we can integrate sustainability 
throughout the company, improve our programs and performance, and 
transparently share our progress with stakeholders. We invite you to explore  
the content featured throughout this Sustainability Report and additional 
information available at Oxy.com.
 3
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

STATEMENT FROM THE CEO 
Sustainability is a guiding principle at Oxy, influencing the 
way we operate our businesses, empower our employees, 
engage with our stakeholders and contribute to society.  
We believe our service as a leader in promoting the 
sustainability of the broader world around us is integral to 
our long-term success. Our Board of Directors, management 
team and talented workforce share this vision.
We continue to make meaningful progress on our 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) commitments 
and efforts to develop products, services and solutions  
that improve lives, advance an inclusive and equitable 
low-carbon future, and support the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Oxy was the first 
U.S. oil and gas company to endorse the World Economic 
Forum’s Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics, a global ESG 
framework that promotes transparency with investor and 
stakeholder engagement.  
We were also the first U.S. oil and gas company to establish 
goals to achieve net-zero GHG emissions for our total 
carbon inventory in Scope 1, 2 and 3, including in our 
operations and energy use before 2040 and in the use of 
our sold products before 2050. Oxy’s commitment to the 
Paris Agreement is evident in our ambitious interim targets 
to achieve significant GHG emission reductions in our 
operations by 2024, to lower carbon and methane 
intensities of our products by 2025, to end routine gas 
flaring by 2030, and to facilitate the storage and utilization 
in our value chain of large quantities of carbon dioxide 
captured from the atmosphere or industrial sources by 2032. 
To achieve these goals, our employees are deploying new 
ideas, practices and technologies to enhance the safety, 
efficiency and environmental quality of our operations. At 
the same time, we are leveraging our 50 years of carbon 
management expertise with innovative partnerships and 
leading-edge technologies to benefit our company and 
society. Oxy’s pathway to net zero prioritizes sustained 
investment in our people and communities. Our Diversity, 
Inclusion and Belonging program guides our recruitment, 
development and retention of the best talent in a 
competitive marketplace. We value the communities where 
we live and work, with active outreach to understand local 
interests and needs, obtain feedback about our operations, 
and promote shared prosperity.
“Oxy is committed to contributing 
to society through ESG 
leadership that advances a more 
sustainable and equitable world.”
I want to thank the Sustainability and Shareholder 
Engagement Committee of our Board of Directors, which 
oversees our sustainability-related policies and active 
stakeholder dialogue. With their support, our management 
team engages with shareholders and diverse organizations 
including the U.N.-sponsored Oil and Gas Methane 
Partnership 2.0, the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) and 
the CCS+ Initiative. In accordance with the Energy Transition 
Principles and Methane Guiding Principles, we have 
published our Climate Policy Positions and our Climate 
Advocacy and Engagement on our company website. 
Oxy is committed to contributing to society through  
ESG leadership that advances a more sustainable and 
equitable world. We will do this with the support of our 
Board, the creativity and vision of our employees and with 
guidance from you, our stakeholders. We look forward to 
working together.
Vicki Hollub
President and CEO
 4
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS 
AND PROGRESS ON  
OUR COMMITMENTS
We believe our core differentiators—an industry-leading 
portfolio, track record of operational excellence, and 
strategy to achieve net-zero GHG emissions—enable us  
to deliver long-term enterprise value and demonstrate  
our commitment to environmental stewardship. Safety  
is integral to our company’s culture and we had our best 
ever safety performance in 2020. Our safety record is 
exemplary in the oil and gas and chemical industries  
and in comparison even to office-based occupations.
We were pleased to be ranked among Fortune’s Most 
Admired Companies in the Mining, Crude-Oil Production 
category in 2021. Oxy has made the list every reported  
year since 2008, and has achieved the number 1 ranking  
11 times. 
In November 2021, Oxy was recognized by the Transition 
Pathway Initiative (TPI) as one of only three global oil and 
gas firms to have set emissions reduction targets which are 
ambitious enough to reach net-zero by 2050 and to align 
with TPI’s 1.5°C benchmark.
In December 2021, Oxy became the first U.S. upstream oil 
and gas company to incorporate an ESG performance 
metric into its credit facilities, including its $4 billion 
revolving credit facility and $400 million receivables 
securitization facility. Oxy worked closely with the 
Sustainability Structuring Agents and other members of 
our bank group to develop an appropriate metric that aligns 
with the shared net-zero goals of Oxy and our lenders. 
OxyChem is a four-time winner of the American Chemistry 
Council's (ACC’s) top safety performance award in 
recognition of OxyChem's outstanding achievements in 
environmental, health, safety and security performance. 
OxyChem is helping address the global clean water crisis. 
Through our partnership with Water Mission, approximately 
1 million people in vulnerable developing countries have 
gained access to safe drinking water, made hygienic with 
OxyChem’s ACL® products. This industry-leading 
sustainability partnership was honored in 2020 with the 
prestigious Sustainability Leadership Award from the ACC.
OxyChem is proud to be a founding member of the Alliance 
to End Plastic Waste, which seeks to eliminate plastic 
waste in the environment and to develop and promote 
solutions for used plastics by helping to enable a circular 
economy. This global effort consists of companies in the 
plastics value chain, including chemical and plastic 
manufacturers, consumer goods companies, retailers, and 
waste management companies.
To further our sustainability vision, OxyChem joined Operation 
Clean Sweep Blue, a product stewardship program designed 
to manage plastic resins so that they do not enter the 
environment, including waterways.
 5
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GOVERNANCE, 
PEOPLE AND 
PROSPERITY
OUR COMMITMENT PROGRESS NOTES
Support for OLCV and associated CCUS/CO2  
investments/partnerships.
 »  Advance Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage (CCUS) projects by conducting 
Front End Engineering and Design (FEED) on projects capturing/reducing 
emissions on 75 MMcfd of CO2; advance CCUS technology by investing, testing 
or trialing 2 projects; and, develop pre-FEED/feasibility projects capturing 500 
MMcfd of CO2.
Ongoing
Support OGCI. Ongoing See also: OCGI 
Engage with investors on ESG issues, and  
respond to ESG risk ratings and questionnaires.
 »  Oxy is committed to reporting climate-related risks and opportunities  
aligned with the TCFD recommendations.
 »  Community investment supporting the UN Sustainable Development Goals.
Ongoing
Engage with investors on ESG issues, and respond  
to ESG risk ratings and questionnaires.
 » Oxy endorses the Energy Transition Principles.
 »  Oxy endorses the WEF-IBC Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics.
 »  OxyChem is committed to Operation Clean Sweep Blue, to disclose practices  
and prevent releases of plastic resins.
New
OUR COMMITMENT PROGRESS NOTES
Monitor and disclose Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions.
 »  Oxy is committed to disclosing its operational GHG emissions from (Scope 1 and 
2) as well as Scope 3 emissions associated with the Use of its Sold Products.
 »  OxyChem has a target to reduce operational GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) 
2.33% by 2025.
Ongoing See also Oxy’s 
Climate Change 
Questionnaire 
to CDP
Monitor and disclose Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions intensity.
 »  Aligned with OGCI, Oxy has set a target to reduce upstream oil and gas emissions 
intensity to 0.02 MTCO2e/BOE by 2025.
 » Reduce total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 3.68 million MTCO2e by 2024.
 »  OxyChem has a target to reduce GHG intensity of its products  
(MTCO2e/ton of product) 2.7% by 2025.
Ongoing
Monitor and disclose methane emissions intensity.
 »  Aligned with OGCI, Oxy set a target to reduce methane emissions intensity 
from oil and gas operations to below 0.25% (based on marketed gas) by 2025.
Ongoing
Oxy is committed to end routine natural gas flaring by 2030.
 »  Oxy was the first U.S. oil and gas company to commit to the World Bank's 
“Zero Routine Flaring by 2030” initiative. 
Ongoing See also:  
The World 
Bank’s “Zero 
Routine Flaring 
by 2030”
Fulfill The Environmental Partnership commitments for leak 
detection surveys and emissions-reducing equipment such as 
high-bleed pneumatics replacement.
Ongoing See also: The 
Environmental 
Partnership
PLANET
 6
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ABOUT THIS REPORT
Oxy’s sustainability reporting focuses on the policies, 
objectives, performance and activities of the company and 
the interests of its key stakeholders. To determine the most 
significant issues to our stakeholders and our business, Oxy 
conducted an engagement and benchmarking exercise to 
evaluate our priority ESG topics and associated programs, 
performance and goals. We actively monitor company and 
industry specific ESG risks and opportunities in concert 
with external stakeholder issues to support the assessment 
of significant and emerging topic areas. In early 2021, we 
interviewed employees from across the company to gain 
their insights on the areas of strategic importance to Oxy 
and our stakeholders. Based on the findings, we refined  
our assessment of significant ESG topics and alignment  
of reporting disclosures contained in this report. 
Our reporting process is also informed by the International 
Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation 
Association’s (IPIECA’s) Sustainability Reporting Guidance 
and our performance disclosures are aligned with the  
Value Reporting Foundation (using the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board Standards for the oil and  
gas and chemical sectors) and the ACC’s Responsible Care® 
initiative. This report is organized in accordance  
with the Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics of the World 
Economic Forum (WEF) and its International Business 
Council (IBC). The WEF-IBC’s Four Pillars of Stakeholder 
Capitalism represent key areas of strategic focus for  
Oxy, and they will guide our reporting as we continue to 
implement and enhance sustainable business practices 
and disclose performance.
RELEVANCE
The content represents stakeholder perspectives on the most 
relevant sustainability issues and the topics that Oxy considers 
most significant to our business operations and our stakeholders. 
We have also aligned performance indicators to the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards and with the 
IPIECA Sustainability Reporting Guidance, both of which were 
developed to establish consistent industry-specific disclosure 
across ESG topics and facilitate communication between 
companies, investors and other key stakeholders.
2 SCOPE 
Our reporting provides information on our global operations 
across our oil and gas, chemical, and midstream and marketing 
segments, sustainability and community programs and their 
effects on our stakeholders including shareholders, employees, 
contractors and suppliers, customers, joint venture partners, 
NGOs, governments and the communities where we operate.
BOUNDARY
Our reporting boundary includes Oxy's operated oil and gas, 
chemical and midstream and marketing assets, with Oxy Low 
Carbon Ventures included within the midstream and marketing 
segment. Unless otherwise indicated, quantitative performance 
data are based on Oxy’s operational control and do not include 
outside-operated joint ventures or facilities, customers or other 
end-users of Oxy’s products.
INTEGRATION AND ALIGNMENT
As part of our reporting process, Oxy's executive leadership and 
Board of Directors are engaged to align strategic focus and to 
set long-term direction. Oxy has adopted an Operational 
Management System based on its longstanding HSE 
Management System, which sets consistent worldwide 
expectations for business managers and employees throughout 
our operations to assess and manage performance and risks.
Complementing the WEF’s pillars, seven 
reporting principles guide the structure and 
content of Oxy’s reporting process.
3
4
CREDIBILITY
We develop, review and verify our disclosures and data with our 
business and corporate functions, provide supporting data and 
balanced information on performance and explain the basis for 
our estimates. We update our reporting if we identify errors, 
obtain additional data or improve methodologies.
TRANSPARENCY 
We aim to provide clear, understandable, factual information to 
address topics about which our key stakeholders have expressed 
an interest and to continue to refine and improve our associated 
processes.
TIMELINESS
Annual performance data and indicators are provided through 
year-end 2020, except where indicated.
1
5
6
7
1. Principles of Governance 
2. Planet  
3. People  
4. Prosperity 
 7
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
Stakeholder engagement is a central activity at Oxy and a 
catalyst for continuous improvement in our ESG policies, 
practices and reporting. We build trust with our stakeholders 
through regular and transparent communication and 
consistent actions. Stakeholder engagement covers a wide 
range of activities, from shareholder engagements and 
discussion of specific projects with neighbors and 
permitting authorities to interaction with community 
representatives and civic organizations to identify how the 
company can assist in sustainable and inclusive economic 
development.
The stakeholder engagement process includes the 
identification of key stakeholders; an assessment of 
stakeholder interests and issues; an evaluation of the 
community’s socioeconomic needs, if applicable; and 
the development and implementation of a stakeholder 
engagement plan.
Oxy’s managers hold regular dialogue, meetings and 
consultations with stakeholder groups. Oxy welcomes and 
considers all feedback from stakeholders on its performance, 
engagement and reporting. 
As a Partner of Choice®, we pursue collaborative efforts 
throughout our business operations. By working with local 
partners, we seek to create shared value for the company 
and our key stakeholders, including host governments, local 
community members and customers. Our objectives are 
aligned with the UN SDGs. The SDGs provide us with a 
complementary framework to use and to communicate our 
supportive role with host governments. Oxy is incorporating 
the SDGs into our sustainability strategy and seeks to 
identify additional opportunities to help countries, regions 
and communities where we operate make progress toward 
achieving the goals.
 8
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PRINCIPLES OF 
GOVERNANCE
Sustainability Strategy  
Board of Directors  
Corporate Governance  
Risk Management and Strategic Planning  
Business Ethics and Code of Business Conduct  
Public Policy Engagement and Lobbying  
 9CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
Oxy is progressing its vision as an innovative and sustainable 
energy leader with industry-leading initiatives and 
investments to enable a low-carbon future. As part of our 
commitment to sustainability in all facets of our business, 
Oxy strives to diligently identify and address our key ESG 
risks and opportunities. We integrate ESG criteria into our 
strategic planning and investment decision-making process 
and perform routine risk assessments to support readiness 
for emerging challenges and opportunities. 
OxyChem’s approach to sustainability and stewardship aligns 
with Oxy’s company-wide sustainability priorities and values. 
OxyChem is a central contributor to the whole company’s role 
as an innovative and sustainable industry leader.
We utilize a variety of methods and metrics to discern  
and assess important ESG issues raised by internal  
and external stakeholders. This process informs our 
sustainability strategy and programs and helps us to 
improve transparency and report on the issues that  
matter most to our stakeholders.
For example, engagements in recent years have resulted in 
enhancements to Oxy’s practices and disclosures regarding 
environmental matters, including the content of our climate 
reports; matters related to corporate governance, including 
the adoption of proxy access, and the amendments to our 
charter to, among other things, facilitate shareholders’ 
ability to act by written consent and call special meetings; 
and the executive compensation program, including the 
design of the long-term incentive program.
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
Oxy strives to implement sustainable business 
practices across all of our business units. We 
value input from our stakeholders, and utilize their 
feedback to develop our sustainability strategy.
 10
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Oxy’s diverse and highly qualified Board of Directors (Board) 
is led by an independent Chair and independent Vice Chair. 
The structure and operation of the Board is defined by Oxy’s 
corporate governance policies, and the Board is committed 
to strong corporate governance and board refreshment to 
help ensure diverse leadership 
and expertise. 
The Board oversees Oxy’s strategy, including climate 
change, health and safety, environmental performance, 
human capital management, community relations and 
social investments and other sustainability matters. These 
matters are incorporated into regular Board and committee 
meetings and the Board’s annual strategic review session 
as central elements of the company’s strategic plan. In 
addition, the Board’s committee structure is designed to 
help ensure the Board and its committees have the 
appropriate oversight of relevant sustainability issues.
BOARD COMMITTEES 
In 2019, Oxy established the Sustainability and Shareholder 
Engagement Committee to oversee external reporting on 
ESG and sustainability matters, including climate-related 
risks and opportunities. This committee reviews and 
oversees shareholder and stakeholder engagement; 
sustainability programs, policies and practices, including 
the Human Rights Policy; our positions on climate change, 
including climate-related policies and regulatory matters, 
and OLCV’s strategies; the Political Contributions Policy; and 
the Charitable Contributions Program (additional details of 
which are available in the committee’s charter and described 
in Oxy’s Proxy). 
The Environmental, Health and Safety Committee provides 
oversight of health, safety and environmental (HSE) 
programs, performance and compliance and HSE risk 
management. Topics discussed with this committee 
include efforts to enhance energy efficiency of operations; 
control air emissions of GHGs such as CO2 and methane; 
prevent, respond to and remediate releases to air, water or 
land; and report to stakeholders on Oxy’s environmental 
performance.
The Audit Committee oversees Oxy’s ethics and 
compliance program. This committee also oversees  
Oxy’s enterprise risk management program, which 
consolidates ESG-related risks discussed with the 
Sustainability and Shareholder Engagement Committee 
and the Environmental, Health and Safety Committee  
with other business, financial and operational risks.
The Executive Compensation Committee establishes 
the parameters and goals that determine executive 
compensation, including annual sustainability metrics that 
tie to Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and climate-related targets.
Led by the Governance Committee, the Board conducts  
a robust annual evaluation of its performance and the 
performance of each of the Board’s committees, as well 
as the individual directors, to assess the leadership’s 
composition and effectiveness, and to identify areas of 
strength and areas capable of improvement. This includes 
assessing whether the Board and its committees have the 
necessary diversity of skills, backgrounds and expertise 
to meet Oxy’s needs.
The company’s Board is accountable to our shareholders, 
and Oxy is committed to regular and transparent 
communication and engagement with shareholders and 
other stakeholders. Oxy proactively offers engagement 
meetings with shareholders collectively representing a 
majority of shares outstanding and responds to engagement 
requests as they are received. Feedback from these 
meetings is shared with directors through senior 
management reports to the Board and its committees,  
and by virtue of independent director participation in 
various shareholder engagements throughout the year.
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
 11
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Oxy and its Board are committed to high standards of ethical 
conduct, institutional integrity and effective corporate 
governance in every part of our business as we work to 
benefit our shareholders, communities and society. We are 
dedicated to respecting the environment, operating safely 
and upholding high standards of ethics and sustainability 
throughout the company’s worldwide operations. 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
Oxy’s governance policies are reviewed and updated 
periodically to reflect changing laws and regulations, 
evolving best practices and shareholder feedback. They 
align with the Investor Stewardship Group’s Corporate 
Governance Framework for U.S. Listed Companies.
BOARD DIVERSITY 
AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021
INDEPENDENCE DIVERSITY
10 of 11
Directors are Independent
36% 
Diverse
Ethnic Minorities: 3
Women: 2
 12
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
STRATEGIC PLANNING
Oxy recognizes that robust risk assessment and proactive 
risk management are essential to safe and reliable 
operations and consistent returns for investors. We 
integrate ESG criteria including climate-related risks into 
our strategic planning and investment decision-making 
process and perform routine risk assessments to prepare 
for and thoughtfully address emerging challenges and 
opportunities.
As part of Oxy’s governance and risk management 
processes, senior management regularly reports to the 
Board on environmental and sustainability matters. Oxy’s 
President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), who serves on 
the Board, and the Board, are committed to ensuring that 
Oxy’s businesses advance our net-zero goals in alignment 
with the Paris Agreement, respect the environment, 
operate safely, and uphold the highest standards of ethical 
business practices. The CEO and the Board approve Oxy's 
net-zero strategy, climate-related targets and key 
milestones, and regularly review Oxy's progress towards 
achieving the targets and milestones.
Oxy’s risk management approach incorporates analyses 
of the short, medium and long-term financial risks of a 
lower-carbon economy. Oxy considers various scenarios to 
assess potential future climate-related opportunities and 
risks. In addition, larger capital projects require a carbon 
price sensitivity analysis before approval.
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
Climate-related risks are integrated into the enterprise 
risk management (ERM) system and strategic planning 
process to advance a net-zero transition in accordance 
with the Paris Agreement and enhance our preparedness 
for other emerging issues.
Taking into consideration a range of energy scenarios, Oxy 
factors carbon pricing and energy intensity assumptions 
into scenario planning around commodity prices, returns  
on capital, and the risks and opportunities of emissions 
abatement and CO2 utilization options. The process of risk 
evaluation also includes potential physical and social 
impacts relating to severe weather events and disruption 
due to proximity to flood-prone and water-stressed areas. 
Other potential physical or resource risks that could  
arise from long-term shifts in climate, including water  
or raw material scarcity, changes or disruptions in energy  
markets, geopolitical risks or other supply and logistics 
challenges, are considered in our routine business  
planning and ERM processes.
ESG performance is critical to Oxy's overall 
risk management and strategic planning 
processes. Both the management team and  
the Board are engaged in assessing future 
climate-related risks and opportunities. 
 13
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BUSINESS ETHICS AND CODE 
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT
Oxy has implemented a range of policies that establish clear 
performance expectations for business conduct by our 
workforce, including respect for the cultural values of our 
employees, contractors and neighboring communities, and 
the promotion of human rights. The company's Code of 
Business Conduct (Code) reaffirms Oxy's commitment to 
high standards of ethical behavior and embodies Oxy’s 
business ethics, policies and procedures. The Code covers 
ethical business activities, including compliance with laws 
and regulations (such as antitrust, anti-bribery, and insider 
trading laws), conflicts of interest (including corporate 
opportunities and assets), political contributions and 
lobbying, equal employment opportunity, human rights and 
protecting health, safety and the environment. The Code 
also addresses cyber security, data privacy, and the use of 
company information systems.
New employees receive an electronic copy of the Code 
and are required to acknowledge they have reviewed and 
understand it. Through a combination of live and virtual 
platforms, we offer training on the Code. Annually, all 
employees must certify compliance with the Code and 
related policies and procedures. 
The Code explains the many ways that questions or 
concerns may be raised with the company, including Oxy's 
Integrity Helpline, an anonymous toll-free compliance 
hotline with web reporting options, which is available 24/7 
and is managed by an independent third party. We 
maintain an ethics and compliance homepage on Oxy’s 
intranet, where employees can also ask questions and seek 
approvals, and a policy alert system to notify employees of 
the issuance of new policies. 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
Oxy investigates all credible reports of suspected policy 
violations and has a zero-tolerance policy regarding threats 
or acts of retaliation for raising a concern in good faith or 
cooperating in an investigation. Grievances are logged to 
determine the appropriate department to conduct an 
investigation, if warranted. Escalation protocols are in place 
for serious issues to be flagged to the Audit Committee and 
other applicable Board Committees, as warranted. In 
addition, the status of reports, if they are open or closed, 
substantiated or not, is provided to the Audit Committee  
on an annual basis.
ANTI-CORRUPTION AND BRIBERY 
Oxy prohibits bribery in all forms. Everyone subject to the 
Code must understand and comply with the Foreign Corrupt 
Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and any other applicable 
anti-bribery laws, regardless of their location or nationality. 
ETHICAL BUSINESS STANDARDS 
WITH PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS  
AND CONTRACTORS 
Oxy strives to work with partners, suppliers and contractors 
who share our commitment to ethical business practices, 
health and safety, people and the environment. As a part  
of Oxy’s compliance program, Oxy evaluates prospective 
business partners, contractors, suppliers and agents and 
conveys our expectation that they must comply with Oxy’s 
policies, including the Code. Our international procurement 
contracts include provisions related to human rights, ethical 
business conduct and other relevant policies. 
 14
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PUBLIC POLICY ENGAGEMENT 
AND LOBBYING
Oxy engages with organizations, government agencies and 
other entities in the public and private sectors to advance 
local and regional economies. These engagements are  
a critical driver of our business strategy. By working with 
local partners, we create shared value for the company  
and our key stakeholders, including host governments  
and local community members. 
In addition to engaging with host governments and local 
communities, Oxy participates in lobbying efforts related to 
legislative and regulatory issues that impact the company 
and its stakeholders. Oxy's policy with respect to political 
contributions and lobbying activities is outlined in the Code 
of Business Conduct and the Political Contributions Policy. 
Issues arise in the political process at federal, state and local 
levels that directly affect Oxy’s business and stakeholders. 
Because legislative and regulatory changes can substantially 
impact the company and its stakeholders, Oxy believes it 
is important for the company to help inform the discussion 
of such issues in an ethical and transparent manner. To 
that end, Oxy, from time to time, makes political campaign 
contributions or engages in lobbying and other political 
activities. We have a robust policy and oversight procedures 
in place to help ensure that Oxy’s participation in the 
political arena is in the best interest of the company and 
its shareholders. 
The Code of Business Conduct defines Oxy’s political 
contributions broadly. They cover campaign contributions 
and other politically-related expenses by or on behalf of Oxy, 
which may be made only with the approval of the Board, the 
Government Affairs Committee or their designees. The 
Government Affairs Committee approves all political 
contributions and reports directly to the Board. The Vice 
President, Government Relations is the current chair of the 
Government Affairs Committee; the other members  
of the Government Affairs Committee are the President of 
Onshore Resources and Carbon Management, President  
of Oxy Energy Services, and Senior Vice President and 
Chief Financial Officer. 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
Oxy reports its federal lobbying to the U.S. Congress in 
quarterly lobbying disclosure reports that are publicly 
available via the U.S. Senate's Lobbying Disclosure 
Electronic Filing System website. These reports include Oxy’s 
direct lobbying expenses (e.g., salaries, office rent, etc.), as 
well as the portion of the dues paid to trade associations 
that is used for lobbying purposes. 
OXYPAC
Under federal election law, Oxy may not contribute corporate 
funds directly to federal candidates or political parties. 
Oxy is authorized to establish and fund the administrative 
expenses of an employee political action committee—the 
Occidental Petroleum Corporation Political Action 
Committee (OXYPAC). Oxy’s political contributions promote 
only the interests of the company and its shareholders, 
and not the personal political preferences of its officers or 
directors. We have adopted robust policies to help ensure 
these activities and expenditures comply with all applicable 
lobbying and disclosure laws. 
Oxy annually discloses the list of OXYPAC contributions, 
categorized by jurisdiction, candidate and amount for the 
most recently ended fiscal year, including any contributions 
with respect to ballot initiatives. Historic reports of OXYPAC 
and non-OXYPAC contributions are available in the Political 
Contributions Archive.
 15
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

TRADE ASSOCIATIONS  
AND INDUSTRY GROUPS
Oxy is a member of and an active participant in many 
domestic and international trade, industry and professional 
groups. Membership in these groups is necessary to stay 
abreast of issues impacting Oxy’s business segments. While 
generally not the primary purpose of these organizations, 
many actively engage in lobbying on industry issues. These 
organizations represent a broad range of members and 
interests, and Oxy does not always share the views of these 
organizations and their other members. 
Oxy annually provides a list of trade associations of which 
Oxy is a member and to which it paid annual dues in excess 
of $50,000 in the prior fiscal year. At the direction of the 
Board, the Government Affairs Committee reviews, assesses 
and approves of Oxy’s membership in such trade 
associations. The federal issues on which these associations 
or groups engaged in lobbying are included in the lobbying 
disclosure forms filed by the organizations and are available 
via the U.S. Senate’s Lobbying Disclosure Electronic Filing 
System U.S. Trade Associations Archive.
 16
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PLANET
Approach to Environmental Stewardship  
Climate Policy Positions  
Climate Strategy: Pathway to Net-Zero  
Greenhouse Gas Emissions,  
Methane and Flaring  
Energy Utilization and Efficiency  
Water Stewardship  
Spill Prevention and Waste Management  
Biodiversity, Land Use and Remediation  
 17CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

APPROACH TO 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIP
Oxy is committed to responsible environmental stewardship. 
We have a long-standing policy to seek continuous 
improvement in resource conservation and recovery, 
pollution prevention and energy efficiency and to 
responsibly remediate impacts from legacy operations or 
waste management practices. Oxy consistently integrates 
these activities through policies and procedures that 
promote rigorous compliance with environmental laws, 
regulations and internal standards. We apply technologies to 
conserve or reuse resources, design facilities to minimize 
our impact on communities and ecosystems and work with 
stakeholders to preserve habitat and biodiversity. 
PLANET
Oxy understands its dependencies on the environment  
need to be managed effectively to help ensure business 
continuity. This Planet section describes our environmental 
stewardship practices and performance, with a focus  
on climate change, energy use and GHG emissions 
management, biodiversity and habitat conservation  
and water and waste management.
 18
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

CLIMATE POLICY 
POSITIONS
Oxy recognizes the scientific consensus on climate change 
and the need to lower both GHG emissions and atmospheric 
concentrations of CO2. Our Climate Report: “Pathway to 
Net-Zero” underscores our commitment to advance 
solutions to mitigate climate change. It is our core net-zero 
strategy to develop and commercialize technologies that 
lower both GHG emissions from industrial processes and 
atmospheric concentrations of CO2. We believe effective 
public policies are a key catalyst to early implementation  
of our Pathway to Net Zero.
We do not take a prescriptive view as to which policy 
approach could most efficiently meet society’s climate 
goals. Rather, we support a range of policies aimed to 
achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement. As noted in Oxy's 
Climate Policy Positions, our efforts are focused on 
policies seeking to advance technological solutions that 
can deliver significant reductions in current CO2 emissions 
and atmospheric CO2 concentrations by leveraging existing 
infrastructure while continuing to supply consumers with 
affordable, reliable energy sources and essential products.
PLANET
OLVC and its development company, 1PointFive LLC, are 
working to commercialize carbon removal technologies 
including Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage (CCUS) 
and Direct Air Capture (DAC). We believe that these 
technologies can, with incentives necessary for their 
development and deployment, provide essential CO2 
reductions in the medium term, while governments 
evaluate proposals to upgrade or replace electricity 
infrastructure and transportation systems over the  
long term. 
Oxy is committed to being part of the solution 
to climate change, and developed our Net-Zero 
Pathway in alignment with the goals of the 
Paris Agreement.
Oxy endorses the goals of the Paris Agreement— including 
its aim to limit the global temperature increase to less than 
1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels —and has 
developed our Net-Zero Pathway to align with those goals.
Artist Rendering of first industrial-scale Direct Air Capture facility 
expected to commence construction in the second half of 2022.
 19
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

CLIMATE STRATEGY: 
PATHWAY TO NET-ZERO
Oxy recognizes the significant challenge climate change 
poses to our society and is resolved to be part of the 
solution. We are dedicated to applying our carbon 
management expertise to develop and implement practical 
innovations that can be deployed at scale to improve the 
environment and achieve net-zero GHG emissions within 
our business, our industry and across the global economy. 
Oxy is committed to advancing the Paris Agreement’s vision 
for a low-carbon future. Oxy was the first major U.S. oil and 
gas producer to establish net-zero goals for Scope 1, 2 and 
3 emissions and, through our licensed DAC technology, we 
have an ambition to deploy carbon removal technologies at 
industrial scale. Our Net-Zero Pathway outlines key 
milestones to achieving important targets, including:
 »  Elimination of routine gas flaring by 2030;
 »  Net-zero for our operational and energy use emissions 
(Scope 1 and 2) before 2040, with the ambition to 
accomplish before 2035;
 »  Net-zero emissions for our total emissions, including 
product use (Scope 1, 2 and 3) before 2050; and,
 »  Total carbon impact through carbon removal and 
storage technologies and deployment beyond 2050.
In December 2021, Oxy became the first U.S. upstream oil 
and gas company to incorporate an ESG key performance 
indicator into its credit facilities, including its $4 billion 
revolving credit facility and $400 million receivables 
securitization facility. Under these facilities, the interest 
rate margin and facility fee rates are subject to adjustments 
based on our performance on specified sustainability 
target thresholds with respect to absolute reductions in our 
combined Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from our 
worldwide operated assets from 2022 through 2024, which 
will be subject to limited assurance verification performed 
annually by a qualified independent external reviewer. 
PLANET
This sustainability metric focuses on near-term actions in 
Oxy’s oil and gas, midstream and chemical operations 
towards our 2040 net-zero goal and 2035 net-zero ambition 
for Scope 1 and 2 emissions. The metric targets absolute 
reductions for 2022 through 2024, calculated as a percentage 
of Oxy’s 2019 baseline Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions for which 
ERM CVS’ Independent Assurance Statement is included in 
Appendix 2, GHG Emissions Estimates. 
Performance will be compared incrementally to 2021 
emissions, without taking carbon offsets into account,  
and will undergo independent limited assurance 
verification each year. 2019 serves as our baseline  
because it was the year of Oxy’s merger with Anadarko  
and the year immediately preceding our establishment  
of industry-leading net-zero goals. 
We believe that Oxy’s proactive GHG emission reduction 
projects under the new sustainability metric will 
complement our development of innovative CCUS, Direct 
Air Capture, zero-emissions power and other technologies 
to further accelerate our pathway to net-zero. 
These goals reflect Oxy’s strategy to grow our carbon 
management value chain significantly in coming years as 
we further integrate the competitive advantages of the 
expertise, infrastructure, property holdings, technologies 
and workforce in our oil and gas, midstream and chemical 
businesses with our low carbon ventures. 
Our leading position as the first U.S. oil and natural gas 
producer to endorse other international commitments, like 
the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 Initiative 
and the Energy Transition Principles, illustrates our 
commitment to promote policies that will successfully 
accelerate a lower-carbon economy while meeting the 
needs and aspirations of a growing, energy-dependent 
global population.
 20
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PUBLIC SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS  
OF THE PARIS AGREEMENT: 
Publicly support the goals of the Paris Agreement, 
including international cooperation as a vehicle to 
ensure these goals can be achieved at the lowest 
overall cost to the economy.
INDUSTRY DECARBONIZATION: 
In line with each company’s individual strategy, 
ambitions and aims, work to reduce emissions from 
their own operations and strive to reduce emissions 
from use of energy, together with customers and 
society. Companies may measure their contributions 
using carbon intensity and/or absolute metrics at 
different points in the value chain as determined by 
their approach.
ENERGY SYSTEM COLLABORATION: 
Collaborate with interested stakeholders, including 
energy users, investors and governments, to develop 
and promote approaches to reduce emissions from 
use of energy, in support of countries delivering their 
Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) towards 
achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement.
DEVELOPMENT OF CARBON SINKS: 
Continue to support and promote development of 
carbon removal technologies such as DAC and natural 
carbon sinks.
TRANSPARENCY: 
Provide disclosure related to climate change risks  
and opportunities consistent with the aims of  
the recommendations of the Taskforce on  
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
INDUSTRY AND TRADE ASSOCIATIONS: 
Report information about their memberships of  
main industry and trade associations and their 
alignment with the companies’ key climate advocacy 
and policy positions.
THE SIX ENERGY TRANSITION PRINCIPLES
1
2
3
4
5
6
Oxy was the only U.S.-based energy company to join a 
group of multi-national energy companies that developed 
and agreed upon six Energy Transition Principles and that 
support incentives that encourage the net-zero transition. 
We believe this transition will occur more quickly by 
deploying carbon removal technologies at scale. 
A key differentiator in Oxy’s climate strategy is our ability  
to leverage our unique capabilities in CO2-Enhanced Oil 
Recovery (EOR) and CCUS. Our deep understanding of the 
subsurface and our proven ability to operate mature fields 
responsibly at a low cost enables us to maximize the use of 
existing infrastructure and reduce the need for greenfield 
development. Oxy’s long history and expertise in EOR  
have proven resilient in low commodity price environments 
and underpin our Pathway and our development of new 
business opportunities in a low-carbon future. We credit 
our success to the multidisciplinary skillset of our 
workforce, who have diverse experience in geology and 
geophysics, petroleum, chemical and environmental 
engineering, project management, finance, and vetting and 
commercializing technologies. 
We launched OLCV in 2018 to leverage our industry-leading 
experience in managing CO2 and provide impactful global 
solutions to advance net-zero emissions. The core of 
OLCV’s strategy is to design and implement innovative, 
scalable solutions that help society achieve carbon 
neutrality and accelerate the transition to an equitable 
net-zero economy. OLCV's 1PointFive development 
company focuses on commercializing and deploying CCUS 
and DAC technologies at scale to remove CO2 from 
industrial processes and the atmosphere, using the captured 
CO2 to help create less carbon-intensive products, like 
fuels, chemicals and concrete, and injecting residual CO2 in 
secure underground oil and gas or saline formations for 
long-term sequestration to meet our ambitious net-zero goals. 
Putting our Net-Zero Pathway into action, we are actively 
pursuing initiatives to reduce emissions associated with 
our operations. We expect 1PointFive to drive our progress to 
net-zero emissions by 2050. With successful 
commercialization and deployment of CCUS and DAC 
technologies using anthropogenic CO2, 1PointFive intends to 
help a range of other industry sectors that are hard to 
decarbonize such as shipping, aviation, cement and industrial 
manufacturing.
 21
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy is a strong proponent of DAC technology, which removes CO2 directly from the atmosphere for safe, permanent 
geologic storage in subsurface oil and gas or saline formations. Oxy formed 1PointFive to finance and deploy DAC 
technology and develop the world’s first industrial-scale DAC facility in the Permian Basin to remove 1 million metric 
tons of atmospheric CO2 per year when fully operational. This plant will be a key step to deploy DAC technology 
globally on an industrial scale.
DIRECT AIR CAPTURE TECHNOLOGY
HIGHLIGHT
Artist Rendering  
of first industrial-scale  
Direct Air Capture facility
OLCV and bio-engineering startup Cemvita Factory 
announced a plan to construct and operate a 
bio-ethylene pilot plant, applying jointly developed 
technology using CO2 instead of hydrocarbon-sourced 
feedstocks. The technology provides an opportunity 
to offer a new, non-hydrocarbon-sourced ethylene 
product to the market, reducing carbon emissions. 
The bio-synthesis process only requires CO2, water and 
light to produce bio-ethylene, reducing both feedstock 
needs and emissions. 
 22
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS, 
METHANE AND FLARING 
Our commitments and ongoing initiatives to reduce GHG 
and methane emissions and to eliminate routine flaring will 
help us to achieve our net-zero goals and accelerate our 
carbon management business. 
Our workforce is empowered to generate and implement 
ideas and products to reduce our operational emissions. 
Carbon dioxide and methane are both valuable products 
and raw materials for Oxy’s oil and gas and chemicals 
operations and our growing low carbon ventures business. 
The 1PointFive team is actively developing projects to 
capture and sequester GHGs directly from the atmosphere 
and from industrial sources, and to enable zero or low-
carbon production of oil, electricity, fuels, chemicals and 
other products.
SCOPE 1 AND 2 EMISSIONS 
As defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 1 or direct 
emissions are emissions from sources that are owned or 
operated by Oxy. Examples of our Scope 1 emissions sources 
include combustion from engines and flaring and venting of 
natural gas from facilities, wells, pipelines or other equipment.
Scope 2 or indirect GHG emissions are those associated with 
the consumption of purchased or acquired electricity, steam, 
heating or cooling. Examples of Scope 2 emissions are those 
generated by the supply of electricity from third parties to 
operate Oxy’s facilities and equipment such as electric 
motors, vapor recovery units, pumps and air compressors.
PLANET
SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS
As defined by the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 3 
emissions are those associated with our supply chain, such 
as emissions from the production of purchased supplies  
and services, third-party transport-related activities, waste 
disposal, and those associated with the transportation, 
distribution and lifecycle processing and use of our 
products. The most relevant categories of our Scope 3 
emissions include the transportation, processing and use 
of our sold oil and gas products, to which we have applied 
conservative assumptions including that our sold products 
are refined on a BOE basis as oil and are 100% combusted, 
with no non-emissive uses. Oxy’s 2050 net-zero ambition 
includes removing from the atmosphere and capturing 
from industrial sources volumes of CO2 that equal or 
exceed the emissions associated with our sold products, as 
well as Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
EMISSIONS ESTIMATION  
AND REPORTING 
Oxy values transparency, and we are committed to 
disclosing key environmental metrics important to our 
stakeholders. To this end, we report our estimated GHG 
emissions and intensity data on an operated and equity 
basis in our Annual Performance Summary Table. We 
also disclose our estimated GHG emissions and energy  
use data in annual CDP reporting. We have reported to  
the CDP since its inception in 2003. 
Oxy formed an Environmental and Sustainability 
department that includes, among other functions:
 »  An Air Quality team to promote timely permitting, 
reporting and compliance of our operations and to 
facilitate emissions reduction projects; and, 
 »  A Carbon Accounting team to oversee review, auditing 
and verification of our operational emission estimates, 
prepare lifecycle analyses of our Scope 3 emissions 
estimates and support the market for differentiated 
low-carbon fuels, products, credits and offsets. 
↓11.5%
Oxy reduced total operated GHG emissions 
(Scope 1 and 2, measured in MTCO2e)  
by nearly 11.5% between 2019 and 2020.
 23
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OTHER AIR EMISSIONS
Oxy’s oil and natural gas, chemical and midstream operations 
generate air emissions including sulfur oxides, nitrogen 
oxides, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), carbon monoxide, 
hydrogen sulfide and particulate matter (such as PM10 and 
PM2.5), among other substances. We continually monitor 
operating conditions to control these air emissions from our 
facilities and oil and gas activities in compliance with federal, 
state and local regulations. These air emissions are typically 
generated from boilers, heaters, engines, flares, compressors 
and other process sources such as storage tanks, flaring, 
venting, gas boosting activities and pneumatic devices.
METHANE
We devote significant resources to capturing emissions of 
methane and other organic compounds by retrofitting existing 
facilities and designing and constructing new facilities that 
inherently reduce emissions. Pursuant to federal and state 
regulations for control of VOCs, Oxy conducts monitoring 
surveys at its affected field facilities (e.g., tank batteries  
and compressor stations) typically on a quarterly basis. 
Oxy is implementing additional programs to mitigate 
fugitive emissions beyond current regulatory requirements 
and to enable us to detect and address emission sources 
more rapidly:
 »  Oxy's Find It, Fix It, Measure It Program integrates leak 
detection and emission surveys more directly with 
operators and maintenance crews; and,
 »  The Emissions Technology Team, whose purpose is to 
identify and implement technologies to detect, monitor 
and predict emissions.
These programs support efforts to obtain direct, real-time 
measurement or estimation of emissions, enabling Oxy’s 
operational staff to deploy resources effectively and to 
capture methane and other hydrocarbons for sale to 
customers or for beneficial use in our operations.
Oxy is working toward building the necessary infrastructure 
and permanent centralized production equipment in 
advance of well completion activities so that production 
fluids, including methane and other VOCs, are sent to gas 
handling facilities and sales pipelines from the moment 
production begins. These “green completion” practices are 
designed to prevent release of gas directly to the 
atmosphere. Prior to any regulatory requirement, Oxy’s U.S. 
oil and gas operations began performing reduced 
emissions completions for hydraulically fractured wells. 
We use infrared monitoring devices, including optical gas 
imaging (OGI) and forward looking infrared (FLIR) cameras, 
to monitor fugitive emissions of methane or VOCs from 
equipment and components such as pneumatic valves, 
plunger lift systems, storage tanks, compressors, glycol 
dehydrators and similar components. These devices are 
particularly helpful where the equipment or components 
are geographically dispersed or difficult to access, and 
supplement auditory, visual and olfactory inspections by 
operators by using the infrared spectrum. Equipment 
exhibiting possible leaks identified by OGI and FLIR cameras 
are further inspected and components are repaired or 
replaced, as appropriate.
We have also significantly expanded our use of 
FLIR cameras to complement our regulatory 
monitoring programs and expedite leak detection 
and repair, particularly from equipment or 
components that are difficult to access. For 
example, in our Gulf of Mexico operations, we are 
training employees to reduce flaring using FLIR 
cameras. This is not a regulatory requirement, but 
our Operational Excellence Manager initiated this 
project to increase the number of people trained in 
this technology. We have one camera operating at 
each of our offshore locations, which serves 
multiple uses other than monitoring flaring. This 
technology can also be used to help monitor gas 
releases, help identify where repairs need to be 
made and determine when a release has stopped. 
In addition to monitoring for emissions, this 
imaging technology can be used to observe the 
status of lines and equipment. 
FLIR CAMERAS
HIGHLIGHT
 24
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy is also a member of the Oil and Gas Climate 
Initiative (OGCI), a group of global energy industry 
leaders. In addition to setting collective methane 
reduction targets, OGCI is focused on lowering the 
carbon footprints of energy, industry and transportation 
value chains via engagements, policies, investments 
and deployment. OGCI Climate Investments is a $1 
billion-plus fund to which Oxy and other OGCI 
members contribute to invest in technologies, 
projects and business solutions with potential to 
significantly reduce emissions in the energy and 
industrial sectors. 
OGCI is also committed to advancing the Global 
Methane Alliance Programme, launched by the United 
Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) to support 
the inclusion of methane emission reduction  
targets in countries’ Nationally Determined 
Contributions under the Paris Agreement.
Oxy joined The Environmental Partnership (TEP) in 
2017, which aims to reduce methane emissions from 
production operations. Oxy’s participation in TEP 
encompasses Leak Detection and Repair (LDAR) 
procedures and equipment upgrades, such as 
replacing, removing or retrofitting high-bleed 
pneumatic controllers.
↓15%
Oxy reduced total flare-related volumes 
(measured in MMscf) by more than 15% 
between 2019 and 2020.
FLARING
Oxy is committed to reducing natural gas flaring, and we 
have set a target to eliminate all routine flaring from our 
operations by 2030. Oxy was the first U.S. oil and gas 
company to endorse the World Bank’s “Zero Routine Flaring 
by 2030” Initiative to reduce GHG emissions and optimize 
use of methane as a valuable hydrocarbon resource. The 
World Bank defines routine flaring as “flaring that occurs 
during the normal production of oil, and in the absence of 
sufficient facilities to utilize the gas on-site, dispatch it to a 
market, or re-inject it.” We are striving to eliminate routine 
flaring, and limit our flaring to non-routine situations when 
gas processing plants or pipelines have unplanned outages 
or planned shutdowns or turnarounds for inspections, 
repairs and maintenance activities that require gas from 
wells, lines and plant equipment to be flared. 
We are designing new production facilities to mitigate 
flaring. In areas where gas gathering systems are not 
accessible, we evaluate reinjection of natural gas for gas 
lift or to maintain reservoir pressure, as well as the use of 
microturbines to generate electricity or facilities to generate 
a compressed natural gas liquid that can be used for fuel. 
In our New Mexico operations, we installed a new gas 
gathering system that has significantly reduced volumes of 
flared gas. This gathering system reduces our reliance on 
third-party takeaway capacity and avoids unscheduled flaring 
events by facilitating the transfer of sales gas to multiple 
third-party midstream companies. This system design 
includes a closed-loop flowback that captures gaseous 
vapors released from flowback fluids directly into  
the gathering system via vapor recovery units. Equipment 
upgrades also included in this system design increase the 
reliability and redundancy of our production systems, leading 
to reduced downtime and lower flaring volumes at the facility 
level. We estimate that this gathering system has reduced 
annual carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) flaring emissions by 
more than 60 percent, relative to flaring emission projections 
had the gathering system not been constructed.
 25
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ENERGY UTILIZATION  
AND EFFICIENCY
Oxy seeks continuous improvement in energy efficiency. Oxy 
has for many years utilized cogeneration, energy efficiency 
improvements and focused integration of renewable energy 
to advance our strategy of sustaining both lower costs and 
lower emissions. Power consumption is the largest driver of 
Oxy’s operating costs. Oxy applies several strategies to 
improve energy efficiency and reduce emissions while 
sustaining our production. As a result of hands-on, 
employee-driven innovations, we have invested in efficiency 
improvements, process changes and use of lower-carbon 
power and feedstocks. 
Guided by the principles of the ACC’s Responsible Care® 
Energy Efficiency program, our OxyChem plants have 
successfully implemented innovative energy efficiency 
enhancements. In addition, OxyChem partnered with the 
U.S. Department of Energy’s Better Plants® program to apply 
best practices in energy management to help OxyChem 
PLANET
achieve its 2025 sustainability goals. Another example  
of our energy innovation is the production and use of 
hydrogen as a non-carbon based fuel source in OxyChem’s 
operations to reduce energy consumption and lower our 
carbon emissions.
In the Texas electricity market, Oxy is one of the leading 
providers of Responsive Reserve Service, which helps 
improve reliability of the electric grid. By offering to reduce 
power consumption at specific facilities, when called upon 
by the grid operator, Oxy provides the Texas electrical grid 
with a demand response tool that helps maintain grid 
reliability for industrial, commercial and residential 
consumers. We continually evaluate opportunities to reduce 
the company’s electricity costs by instituting practices 
to consume less electricity in high-demand hours, by 
minimizing electric transmission costs and by increasing 
participation in the Responsive Reserve Service market.
Oxy operates a solar photovoltaic facility near Odessa, 
Texas. The Goldsmith solar facility expands on the 
company’s commitment to economically lower its carbon 
footprint by using emissions-free power sources in its 
operations. The 120-acre field is the first large-scale solar 
facility of its kind that directly powers oil and gas 
operations in Texas and features 174,000 photovoltaic 
panels with a total capacity of 16 megawatts—enough  
to power the Goldsmith EOR field.
Oxy is exploring the utilization of additional renewable 
energy supply, including installing renewable energy 
systems or purchasing renewable energy, such as wind  
and solar, to provide electricity for our oil and natural gas 
and chemical operations.
RENEWABLE ENERGY
HIGHLIGHT
 26
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

COGENERATION 
Oxy’s cogeneration facilities are highly efficient power plants 
that co-produce electricity and steam for our adjacent 
chemical plants, while also providing surplus electricity into 
the wholesale market. Cogeneration, or combined heat and 
power (CHP), significantly increases electrical power 
generation efficiency compared to traditional methods while 
also reducing emissions. Cogeneration is more than just an 
energy-efficient method of generating electricity and 
thermal energy. It can deliver lower overall system costs, 
more integrated and resilient infrastructure and improved 
grid reliability.
OxyChem operates a billion pound-per-year capacity ethylene cracker at its plant in Ingleside, Texas. OxyChem 
incorporated significant energy efficiency features, such as the use of byproduct hydrogen gas as fuel and recovery of 
surplus heat from the process and flue gas outlet of the cracking furnaces. Another unique aspect of this project is the 
use of two thermal oxidizers equipped with boilers to combust low pressure gases from process equipment and storage 
vessels. These thermal oxidizers are designed to provide high emissions control and generate steam from the surplus 
heat. OxyChem estimates that it is eliminating approximately 970,000 metric tons per year of total CO2e due to the highly 
efficient design.
OxyChem’s New Johnsonville facility in Tennessee recovers hydrogen as a byproduct in the membrane chlor-alkali 
production process to generate steam in a dedicated boiler, replacing steam generated from natural gas.
At its Geismar, Louisiana facility, OxyChem produces an advanced feedstock known as 4CPe. Based on patented  
research and development by OxyChem, 4CPe enables our customers to produce next-generation refrigerants, which 
have low global-warming and ozone depletion potential. These refrigerants are approved by the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) and meet the European Union regulatory requirements for automobile air conditioning systems. 
Importantly, this product can safely and effectively replace existing chlorofluorocarbon refrigerants that are being phased 
out by many governments.
HIGHLIGHT
ENERGY UTILIZATION AND EFFICIENCY AT OXYCHEM
The GHG emission-reduction benefits from Oxy’s natural gas 
CHP facilities are substantial. At OxyChem manufacturing 
facilities, utilizing CHP is estimated to reduce GHG emissions 
by 4.3 million metric tons of CO2e per year compared to 
equivalent power supplied from the electrical grid. The 
hydrogen-fired boilers and CHP units offset natural  
gas consumption and lower our CO2 emissions by 
approximately 490,000 metric tons of CO2e per year.
 27
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

WATER STEWARDSHIP 
The production of oil and natural gas, electricity and 
chemicals requires water, and we recognize the importance 
of managing water resources responsibly. Oxy’s water 
stewardship program, including our use of treatment 
technologies for water recycling and reuse and our 
principles of conservation, is part of our demonstrated 
support for and alignment with the UN SDGs 6 (Clean 
Water and Sanitation), 12 (Responsible Consumption and 
Production), 13 (Climate Action), 14 (Life Below Water)  
and 15 (Life on Land). We are also aligned with the  
IPIECA Impact Pathway 51 (Resource Management and 
Biodiversity, Land, and Water Stewardship) to adopt  
water stewardship strategies that include: collaboration 
around integrated water resources management; local 
participation in the collective management of water, 
particularly in areas of water scarcity; the improvement of 
water quality; and recycling and reuse of water, wherever 
feasible, to reduce Oxy’s freshwater use.
Oxy’s water management focuses on the unique 
characteristics of the regions where we operate. Through 
practices that include the treatment and use of produced 
water, water recycling, and the limited use of freshwater  
and potable water supplies, Oxy strives to ensure our water 
use does not affect the ability of cities, towns, farmers  
and other water users near our operations to secure access 
to water resources. 
PLANET
We routinely assess our water management practices, 
including those relating to water supply, treatment and 
discharge, to identify water-related risks and opportunities 
for improvement. We have a centralized team of engineers 
and hydrologists that champions best management 
practices, engages with stakeholders and water users 
on water management and conservation practices and 
designs water treatment and recycling projects across 
our global operations.
OxyChem, as an American Chemistry Council (ACC) 
Responsible Care® company, is committed to reporting on 
our water management practices and water stewardship. 
OxyChem prioritizes engagements in our value chain that 
align with our sustainability guiding principles and goals 
around water conservation and stewardship. OxyChem is a 
founding member of the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, which 
seeks to help eliminate plastic waste in the environment, 
especially in the oceans. The Alliance aims to develop and 
bring to scale innovative solutions that will minimize and 
manage plastic waste and promote solutions for used 
plastics by helping to enable a circular economy. This 
global effort consists of companies in the plastics value 
chain, including chemical and plastic manufacturers, 
consumer goods companies, retailers, converters and 
waste management.
 28
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy reports water metrics on our global operations, 
including total freshwater withdrawals and consumption, 
wastewater discharges and recycling of produced water 
in the Annual Performance Summary Table.
As Oxy develops projects in new operating areas, our 
Operational Management System requires an assessment of 
potential environmental impacts, including those related to 
water resources. Our approach encompasses programs, 
standards and operational practices designed to conserve 
freshwater and improve the efficient use, recycling, reuse of 
water resources and the quality of water being treated and 
discharged to surface water bodies. Oxy discharges water to 
surface water bodies after treatments that meet local, state 
and federal requirements. Oxy also considers the longer-
term patterns of integrated water resources management, 
regenerative capacity of groundwater and aquifers, 
population growth/demand shifts and the potential for 
weather-related impacts as we evaluate and mitigate the 
effects of water risks on key operations, the safety and 
well-being of employees and contractors and our host 
communities. When evaluating a new site or asset, we review 
legal and regulatory issues and hydrological yield in terms of 
the reliability and proximity of water supplies for Oxy and 
other water users during exploration and production activities.
Our analysis of water-related risks includes an information-
gathering process, environmental due diligence, 
participation in industry association technical groups (for 
example, IPIECA Water Working Group and ACC Responsible 
Care®) and external stakeholder engagements to inform  
and refine our risk management and strategic planning 
processes. Oxy reflects local conditions such as droughts, 
water supply shortages or flooding in our business plans and 
water management strategy to operationalize and mitigate 
risks, reduce our costs of water handling and help to sustain 
water resources for local communities. We leverage various 
water risk tools to assess water scarcity and to evaluate 
water use and discharge at key operations, taking into 
account factors such as: 
 »  Physical and climatic characteristics;
 » Future supply reliability;
 »  Population growth and industrial growth trends;
 » Affected ecosystems;
 » Regulatory issues; and,
 » Social context.
This approach, with the use of other water assessment tools, 
helps us validate the efficacy of existing water-related 
safeguards and identify new opportunities to enable the 
protection of water sources and receiving water bodies. 
UPSTREAM OIL AND GAS  
WATER MANAGEMENT
Our oil and gas operations extract significant quantities  
of saline produced water from oil and gas formations. We 
seek to use this produced water and other recycled water 
streams wherever feasible in our operations instead of 
freshwater. Oxy also obtains water from other non-potable 
sources, seeking to use the lowest-quality water acceptable 
for operational activities. 
The volumes and sources of water required by Oxy vary 
considerably by local basin and well to well. Throughout 
our operations, Oxy is increasing the recycling  
and reuse of water, which decreases our need for both 
freshwater withdrawals and transportation and disposal 
of surplus produced water. Oxy has implemented major 
water treatment, reuse and recycling projects in many 
locations, including the United States and Oman. Oxy is 
also developing or enhancing water-related technologies 
and our experts participate actively in produced water 
consortia in New Mexico and Texas to share our 
experiences with academics, regulators, NGOs and other 
operators. These include new approaches for the 
treatment of produced water and wastewater streams. 
Oxy continues to evaluate new opportunities for beneficial 
reuse of treated produced water, such as for agricultural 
and ecological use, ranching operations or the 
construction and operation of DAC facilities.
In the Permian Basin in New Mexico, our industry-leading 
water recycling program achieves more than a 90 percent 
recycling rate at new locations; and less than 10 percent  
of water used for drilling and completions comes from 
fresh water sources. Since the inception of this program in 
2016, approximately 26 million barrels of produced water 
have been recycled.
WATER USE FOR  
HYDRAULIC FRACTURING
Oxy is committed to public disclosure of our hydraulic 
fracturing operations. We participate in FracFocus®, a 
website created by the Ground Water Protection Council and 
the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission to provide 
for well-specific voluntary disclosure of hydraulic fracturing 
operations, including the chemical ingredients used in 
fracturing fluids. In addition to providing a national registry, 
the website provides factual information about hydraulic 
fracturing and groundwater protection. 
 29
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy is further committed to conducting hydraulic fracturing 
in a manner that does not impact the environment or the 
communities in which we operate. Oxy and our service 
companies employ a range of mitigation techniques to 
recycle and manage drilling materials and flowback fluids. 
Oxy also submits in FracFocus® all ingredients identified by 
the vendors, including de minimis trace components as  
well as a description and class of any ingredients that the 
manufacturers protect as trade secrets or confidential 
information. Oxy maintains Safety Data Sheets (SDS) for the 
chemicals and fracturing fluids it uses. Several states also 
use FracFocus® for regulatory disclosures. 
Through improved technologies and industry and 
stakeholder collaboration, Oxy applies water-delivery 
systems such as Water-on-Demand, water-recycling 
programs and closed-loop processes to conserve freshwater 
resources, reduce waste and to minimize road use. We  
work with municipalities and other suppliers to secure 
recycled water, such as treated wastewater and effluent  
that is processed to clean-water standards for use in our 
operations. When recycled water is not used, brackish water 
supplies are obtained as our next priority, followed by 
recharged water sources to further minimize the impacts on 
limited freshwater resources.
Oxy also utilizes a comprehensive underground pipeline 
system to transport produced oil and natural gas to 
processing facilities, resulting in smaller tank batteries. 
We are able to reduce the facility size and create compact, 
lower-profile development areas.
Our unique Water-on-Demand system brings water 
resources required for hydraulic fracturing to well sites 
through a comprehensive pipeline system, reducing 
truck traffic, impact to roads, noise and emissions. More 
than 180 miles of underground, permanent pipelines in 
the DJ Basin serve an area more than 600 square miles. 
Oxy’s Water-on-Demand benefits include: 
 »  380 million barrels, or nearly 16 billion gallons, 
of water moved via pipelines since 2012;
 »  60+ million traffic miles and a significant amount 
of traffic emissions avoided since 2012;
 »  Temporary pipelines are used for short distances from 
trunk lines to the well pads to provide the safe and 
reliable delivery of water; and,
 »  Reduction in the number of onsite water storage tanks 
needed and associated surface impacts.
Oxy regularly monitors surface and groundwater quality in 
the vicinity of our hydraulic fracturing operations. Our deep 
knowledge of rock and fluid properties in formations across 
our acreage helps us to develop a better understanding of 
the key geologic parameters that drive productivity, such as 
porosity, saturation, brittleness, total organic content, mineral 
and geochemical composition, rock and fluid compatibility, 
natural fractures, distribution and stress regimes.
Oxy works diligently to protect and conserve Colorado and 
Wyoming’s valuable resources, including freshwater. Our 
Water-On-Demand system delivers water for hydraulic 
fracturing to well sites in the Denver-Julesburg and Powder 
River Basins through a pipeline network, reducing truck 
traffic, road impacts, noise and GHG emissions. 
WATER-ON-DEMAND
HIGHLIGHT
Oxy is commited to transparently disclosing 
our hydraulic fracturing operations, and strives 
to conduct hydraulic fracturing in a manner 
that does not impact the environment or 
communities where we operate.
 30
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Produced water, along with varying volumes of drilling 
muds and fracturing fluids, can be collected and reused in a 
closed-loop system. Oxy and our service companies employ 
a range of mitigation techniques to manage the potential 
environmental impacts of drilling materials and flowback 
fluids. We work collaboratively with our service companies to 
improve drilling and production techniques to enhance the 
efficiency of water usage and to minimize the amounts and 
types of additives required for hydraulic fracturing. Several 
techniques include the following: 
 »  We re-use drilling fluids to the maximum extent possible; 
 »  We drill using closed-loop systems in areas with high 
freshwater tables; and,
 »  Within our U.S. drilling operations, we store drilling 
muds, other oily residuals and flowback water in closed 
containment systems or tanks for on-site storage, 
recycling in drilling or completions and eventual 
disposal of residuals. 
WATER QUALITY  
AND WASTEWATER
Discharge to surface water bodies requires a permit or 
authorization that sets water quality parameters consistent 
with the receiving water body and may specify treatment 
requirements. Additionally, discharges or stormwater 
runoff from Oxy’s oil and gas and chemical facilities are 
evaluated for water quality under other applicable 
regulations and company policies. In certain locations in 
the United States discharges of treated water from Oxy’s 
facilities support riparian (or riverbank) eco-systems by 
providing a more consistent flow of freshwater than would 
otherwise exist. Oxy monitors and mitigates water 
discharges based on regulatory standards, compliance 
with permits, best practice frameworks and wastewater 
and effluent treatment technologies. 
 31
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SPILL PREVENTION AND 
WASTE MANAGEMENT
Our operations implement waste minimization and pollution 
prevention plans and practices that are designed to 
maximize the beneficial use, reuse and recycling of natural 
resources and by-products and to reduce the amount of 
waste that we dispose. We monitor our waste management 
through an index that tracks reportable events and citations 
to the appropriate government agency. Reportable events 
include spills or releases in excess of a level stipulated by 
regulatory agencies or a deviation from a regulatory 
standard or an established permit condition. Citations 
include notices of violation received from a government 
agency as well as initiation of government agency 
proceedings such as administrative orders, consent orders 
or agreements, civil actions or court orders to enforce 
PLANET
environmental laws or regulations. Oxy's performance 
relative to our increasingly regulated industry reflects the 
company's standards and compliance requirements.
Oxy takes proactive measures to identify, report and resolve 
compliance issues in cooperation with government agencies, 
which can also serve to mitigate potential penalties. 
Significant environmental proceedings are described in our 
Annual Report, Form 10-K.
Oxy actively monitors and manages our waste, 
discloses reportable events to the appropriate 
agencies, and takes initiative to resolve any 
compliance issues.
 32
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BIODIVERSITY, LAND USE  
AND REMEDIATION
Oxy actively promotes habitat preservation and biodiversity. 
Minimizing the disturbance of wildlife habitat is a key tenet 
of our global conservation efforts. We believe that using 
existing production infrastructure to recover additional oil 
and natural gas from mature fields provides significant 
life-cycle environmental benefits—avoiding, in many cases, 
the need to develop greenfield land, or build new roads, 
pipelines and storage and processing facilities. Habitat 
quality, such as vegetation structure, is assessed at potential 
well locations. We strive to avoid impacts to habitats and 
species where possible, and where not feasible, impacts to 
species are minimized by co-locating infrastructure. 
Oxy works with national, regional and local government 
agencies, university researchers and nonprofit organizations 
to support native species in various operating locations, 
implementing adaptive management practices to minimize 
habitat disruption and to preserve and restore habitat 
for those species. We continue to support conservation 
programs to offset impacts to species, whether they 
are endangered, threatened or not at risk. 
PLANET
Oxy amplifies its commitment to biodiversity through 
active membership in and support of nonprofit 
conservation organizations, including the National Fish and 
Wildlife Foundation (NFWF) and the Wildlife Habitat Council 
(WHC). 
In 2020, Oxy expanded our partnership with NFWF to 
include the Restoration and Stewardship of Outdoor 
Resources and Environment (RESTORE) in Colorado and 
the National Coastal Resilience Fund to create more 
proactive conservation initiatives. NFWF has developed  
a carbon calculator for all conservation work completed 
across the United States, through which Oxy aims to 
quantify the CO2 captured as part of our habitat  
restoration projects. 
Oxy’s longstanding participation in the WHC has helped us 
to enhance habitats across the United States. WHC’s 
Corporate Wildlife Habitat Certification/International 
Accreditation Program recognizes commendable wildlife 
habitat management and environmental education 
programs at company-owned properties. We currently 
manage four sites certified by the WHC under the 
Corporate Lands for Learning and Wildlife at Work 
programs. 
Oxy is a founding partner of the Pecos Watershed 
Conservation Initiative, a proactive approach to the 
Endangered Species Act which involves landscape-based 
management of multiple species and their habitats  
within the Pecos River Watershed in New Mexico and Texas. 
The Initiative is a collaborative endeavor between industry 
and local, state and federal agencies to improve habitat for 
native species while allowing for responsible economic 
development.
PECOS WATERSHED  
CONSERVATION INITIATIVE
HIGHLIGHT
 33
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Glenn Springs Holdings is Oxy’s wholly owned subsidiary 
that manages former or acquired operating locations and 
in accordance with our commitment to safeguard people 
and the environment. Since 2012, Glenn Springs has earned 
four national habitat awards from the WHC, National Wild 
Turkey Federation, Pheasants Forever and Ducks Unlimited.
The scientists, engineers and project managers at Glenn 
Springs employ environmentally sound methods and 
innovative site restoration solutions in cooperation with 
stakeholders. Through engagement with relevant agencies 
and local communities and development and application of 
standardized processes and tools, Glenn Springs has at 
many sites taken a leadership role to achieve significant 
improvements in environmental quality in industrial, mining 
or commercial practices. As of December 31, 2020, Oxy 
participated in or monitored remedial activities or 
proceedings at 170 sites. Oxy's environmental remediation 
program is described in our Annual Report, Form 10-K.
Among Glenn Springs' notable remediation and restoration 
efforts include the Copper Basin restoration project in 
southeast Tennessee and its work for OxyChem on former 
manufacturing properties in Montague, Michigan and 
Painesville Township, Ohio. These projects exemplify Glenn 
Springs' approach of combining remedial restoration and 
beneficial use of sites in a manner that improves 
environmental quality and advances community interests.
At this former mining site, Glenn Springs and the 
Tennessee Department of Environment and 
Conservation implemented a series of remediation and 
restoration efforts such as passive and active water 
treatment, ecological restoration, solids removal, 
engineered caps and revegetation. As a result, the 
water quality and aquatic diversity in the Ocoee River 
have improved to levels not seen in over 100 years.
The lush landscape is now enjoyed by local residents 
for recreational activities including white water rafting 
and fishing. The impressive efforts and results of this 
project were recognized in December 2020 by the 
American Council of Engineering Companies with the 
Grand Conceptor Award, signifying the project as the 
year’s outstanding engineering achievement.
COPPER BASIN RESTORATION, 
TENNESSEE
HIGHLIGHT
 34
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

At the site of a former chemical production facility in 
Montague, Michigan, Glenn Springs implemented a 
comprehensive wildlife enhancement plan benefiting 
several species of mammals, birds and insects. The 
Montague conservation plan includes: 
 » Creation of a long-term forest management plan;
 »  Creation of 35 acres of wetlands and  
aquatic habitat;
 » Creation of two timber ponds;
 »  Planting and maintaining over 80 acres of native 
prairie grasses; and,
 »  Establishment of nearly 30 acres of wildlife  
food plots.
Glenn Springs also installed and operates a water 
collection and treatment system for OxyChem to 
contain plant groundwater on-site. The water facility 
treatment has been in continuous operation since 
remediation efforts began and currently collects and 
treats approximately 1 million gallons of water per day. 
MONTAGUE, MICHIGAN
HIGHLIGHT
In addition to ongoing environmental remediation 
work for OxyChem, Glenn Springs continuously 
engages with communities to begin new projects 
that will contribute to the well-being of local 
residents and the environment. In 2020, for example, 
Glenn Springs and the Lake County Ohio Port and 
Economic Development Authority entered into a 
letter of intent regarding the former Diamond 
Shamrock Painesville Works Site. The Port Authority 
and Glenn Springs are working together on potential 
public access to the property and redevelopment for 
uses such as recreation, an amphitheater or 
observation platforms, and commercial development.
“We appreciate having the Port Authority’s 
assistance in engaging with the 
community and identifying economic 
development resources that can facilitate 
reuse of the property in a way that serves 
the community’s needs and objectives.” 
—  Rick Passmore, Senior Director of Operations  
for Glenn Springs 
PAINESVILLE, OHIO
HIGHLIGHT
 35
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PEOPLE
Advancing Human Capital  
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging  
Workforce Development and Learning  
Health, Safety and Well-being  
Operational Management System  
Product Stewardship  
Human Rights  
 36CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ADVANCING HUMAN CAPITAL
Our dedicated workforce and our community partners help 
to create value for our shareholders and stakeholders. This 
section articulates how people are critical to sustain our 
enterprise value and competitive advantage, to maintain 
our license to operate and strengthen stakeholder 
relationships, and to achieve our goal of a successful and 
just net-zero transition in accordance with the Paris 
Agreement.
Oxy is proud to be a leading employer and community partner 
wherever we operate. We hire, recruit and develop remarkable 
people with a passion for producing life-enhancing energy 
and chemical products. Oxy is committed to providing safe, 
supportive and high-quality work environments, rewarding 
initiatives and innovation and treating every employee with 
dignity and respect.
PEOPLE
Our multicultural workforce is dedicated to achieving the 
company’s objectives, improving our environment and 
contributing to the communities in which we live and work.
We regularly evaluate and update our compensation, 
benefits and workforce development programs to enable 
our employees to live well and work well, and to enhance 
our ability to recruit, develop, retain and promote a 
dedicated workforce that reflects the diversity of the 
communities where we operate. We offer educational 
resources, programs, time away benefits and insurance  
to support multiple factors of health including physical, 
financial, social and emotional well-being. Oxy’s goal is  
to give employees the tools and resources they need to 
succeed both personally and professionally as well as to 
foster a safe and collaborative work environment where 
every employee feels a sense of belonging.
 37
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

DIVERSITY, INCLUSION  
AND BELONGING
As an international company, we value the ability to 
communicate and work effectively with people from a wide 
variety of backgrounds, perspectives and cultures. This 
diversity enriches our culture and our employees’ experience 
in the workplace and contributes to an innovative and 
effective business model that fosters the development 
of local communities. 
Oxy strives to foster a culture that is diverse and inclusive, 
where every employee feels a sense of belonging. We are 
committed to creating an environment in which differences 
are celebrated and encouraged. We believe a workplace with 
employees of various backgrounds and unique experiences 
catalyzes innovation, growth, strong performance and 
long-term value. At Oxy, diversity is who we are, inclusion 
is how we work and belonging is how we thrive. 
Our commitment to diversity, inclusion and belonging 
starts at the top. In 2021, our President and CEO, Vicki 
Hollub, was named one of the Top CEOs in Energy by  
The Energy Inclusion Conference hosted by The Energy 
Diversity & Inclusion Council. The Top CEOs in Energy 
Award highlights the strongest caliber of executive 
leadership in the energy industry. CEOs receive the award 
based on the evaluation of criteria such as their proven 
track record of advocating for diversity, equity and 
inclusion in the workplace, leadership in advancing 
community well-being, demonstrated commitment to the 
highest ethical standards and ability to value and respect 
diverse points of view. 
PEOPLE
To promote awareness, governance and oversight of 
diversity, inclusion and belonging, we established a 
Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Board and an Ambassador 
Committee. The Advisory Board oversees Oxy’s strategy 
and institutionalizes policies to recruit, develop, retain and 
promote a workforce that reflects the diversity of the 
communities where we live and work. The Diversity and 
Inclusion Ambassador Committee members serve as 
employee champions in training, recruiting, community 
outreach and educational programs. 
Oxy is an Equal Opportunity Employer. As part of our 
commitment to diversity, inclusion and belonging, we aim to 
provide a workplace free of unlawful discrimination, hostility 
and harassment. Any hostility toward, discrimination against 
or harassment of any employee based on race, religion, 
color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental 
disability, legally protected medical condition, marital status, 
sex, gender identity, age, veteran status, sexual orientation 
or any other basis protected by federal, state or local law 
is a violation of Oxy’s policies. 
Oxy works hard to attract and retain top talent, focused 
on our local communities. In addition to our longstanding 
scholarships and internships with educational institutions, 
we have expanded our talent acquisition strategy to create 
partnerships with several Historically Black Colleges and 
Universities as we seek to identify a diverse pool of 
candidates from underrepresented groups. 
 38
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 
AND LEARNING
Employee development at Oxy is a planned, collaborative 
process. Oxy offers in-house and external training and 
development opportunities at all levels and locations to 
promote career growth. We also provide both instructor-led 
and e-learning opportunities for personal growth and 
professional development. Employees and managers share 
in the responsibility to align individual development needs 
and career opportunities with Oxy’s business requirements 
and growth targets. Employees can also contact the Talent 
Development Team for help identifying the appropriate 
development options to meet their needs. 
Many employees, including our senior leaders, have 
benefited from rotational assignments that expand their 
business acumen in various engineering disciplines, 
finance, law, supply chain and HSE. We recently 
implemented a new Strategic Technical Excellence 
Program to recognize and develop highly skilled geoscience 
and engineering experts who drive innovation, enhance 
performance and advance our industry. 
PEOPLE
In the area of technical development, Oxy also provides a 
variety of computer skills training as well as function-
specific training, such as the PetroSkills program for 
engineers. OxyChem’s Engineering Training and 
Development program provides technical employees  
with a curriculum designed to enhance engineering skills 
and provide learning and development opportunities 
throughout their career path. We also offer cross-functional 
training to increase business acumen and executive 
leadership skills, such as implementing a new finance 
rotation for early-stage engineers.
Oxy provides educational assistance to eligible full-time 
employees who successfully complete pre-approved 
courses of study. Upon completion, employees are 
reimbursed for mandatory fees and necessary expenses 
including tuition, textbooks, laboratory fees, parking and 
admission fees. 
 39
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy’s international operations have comprehensive 
programs to recruit and train national employees for jobs 
at all levels of the company. This is a key process that 
enhances economic development, transfers technical 
expertise to the local workforce, increases employment of 
local workers and suppliers and reduces dependence on 
expatriate workers. Investing in education and skills-based 
training in countries where we operate helps Oxy develop 
and sustain the local technical, operational and commercial 
talent required to build, operate and maintain critical 
infrastructure for our work in those markets. 
For example, Oxy is a leading employer of nationals 
in Oman, enthusiastically expanding on programs 
such as “Omanization” of the Oxy workforce. This is a 
government-initiated program that seeks to increase 
employment of Omani nationals in the public and private 
sectors. Oxy has comprehensive initiatives to recruit and 
train Omani citizens and is committed to developing and 
promoting Omani citizens in positions from entry-level 
to executive management. 
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT
At Oxy, we aim to actively engage employees on a global 
scale. Oxy recently conducted an extensive culture 
assessment to evaluate our values as a unified organization. 
The culture assessment was comprised of surveys, focus 
groups and meetings with company leaders. The results of 
this assessment helped us to update our Mission, Vision 
and Values in 2020. We have reinforced these statements 
over the past year to promote organizational culture 
despite the challenges posed by COVID-19. 
We have intensified our efforts through the launch of our 
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging initiative and by 
expanding partnerships, training, recruiting and mentor 
programs. We partnered with Historically Black Colleges 
and Universities to create a pathway for additional 
internships and job opportunities for candidates of diverse 
backgrounds.
We also have engaged outreach programs such as ALLY 
Energy, the Texas Diversity Council and the Energy Diversity  
& Inclusion Council. Additionally, we actively recruit veterans 
and members of the military who are completing their service. 
Internally at Oxy, we aim to promote employee 
understanding and awareness of diversity, inclusion and 
belonging. Our employee resource groups provide 
opportunities for employees to network and collaborate 
based on shared experiences and backgrounds. Our current 
employee resource groups include the Women of Oxy 
Network, the Early Career Network and the Veterans 
Mentoring Program. 
 40
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

HEALTH, SAFETY  
AND WELL-BEING 
We are committed to seeking continuous improvement in 
workplace and contractor safety and preventing incidents. 
Oxy’s business units encourage contractors to improve their 
HSE programs, both in periodic safety meetings, where Oxy 
management discusses HSE practices with contractors, and 
in individual service quality meetings. These discussions 
include best practices such as supervision, job safety 
analysis, use of Stop Work Authority, equipment inspections, 
and emergency preparedness, including in drilling, workover 
and construction activities. We expect both employees and 
contractors to uphold Oxy's Life-Saving Rules and our safety 
management standards and practices.
PEOPLE
Oxy has sustained exemplary safety performance through  
a comprehensive approach that begins with establishing 
consistent expectations set by the company’s Board and 
management. Our approach includes empowering and 
training employees and contractors and supporting them 
with safe work systems, technology and proactive 
maintenance and asset integrity programs. For example, 
under our Stop Work Authority policy, we empower 
employees and contractors to halt production, shut down 
any equipment or stop any job to prevent an accident or 
environmental incident. Also, OxyChem's CORE 4 safety 
program for permitted work protects employees and 
contractors through a communication and verification 
process focusing on job scope, job hazards, proper 
isolation, and zero energy to further reduce accidents.
We also engage with external stakeholders to improve health 
and safety. Each year in the Gulf of Mexico, for example, Oxy 
conducts an oil spill response plan exercise in conjunction 
with the U.S. Bureau of Safety and Environmental 
Enforcement, other government agencies and spill response 
contractors. Regular engagement with external partners 
allows us to incorporate new ideas and sustain our strong 
safety culture. 
The health and well-being of our workforce is a top priority. 
Oxy is committed to offering programs that guide 
employees along the journey to better physical and mental 
health. We aim to provide employees with sufficient 
resources, education, tools and positive support to achieve 
their personal wellness goals. Oxy also provides access to a 
company wellness platform with information and 
interactive tools that help employees create personalized 
wellness plans specifically designed to meet their needs. 
Oxy has expanded its longstanding wellness initiative, Oxy 
Health, to encourage active lifestyles and physical fitness. 
Oxy Health programs support early detection of risks, which 
enables employees to undertake lifestyle changes to lessen 
or eliminate potential health concerns as well as establish 
and meet targets that lead to better long-term health. Oxy 
Health has had a direct impact on reduced absenteeism, 
long-term disability and short-term disability. 
In 2020, Oxy achieved the best employee 
safety performance in the company’s 
history, based on the U.S. Department 
of Labor’s Injury and Illness Incident 
Rate (IIR).
<1.0
Our employee IIR has been less than 1.0 
recordable incident per 100 employees 
for 21 consecutive years.
0.21
0ur combined employee and  
contractors IIR was 0.21. 
0.19
Our employee-only IIR in 2020 was 0.19.
 41
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Today, Oxy Health is investing in a worldwide well-being 
initiative that supports employees in all aspects of life. 
Employees can connect with colleagues from Oxy locations 
worldwide—including the Middle East, Africa and North and 
South America—in healthy challenges and competitions, 
bringing them closer together as a company and community. 
On an annual basis, Oxy provides employees and spouses 
with flu vaccinations, travel immunizations and access to  
a number of local healthcare resources. Annual physicals 
are fully covered for employees through Oxy’s benefit plans, 
and many of Oxy’s office locations host annual health  
fairs providing free health checks for employees and their 
families. Through its employee benefits program, Oxy 
offers an Employee Assistance Program that provides 
employees and their dependents with complimentary access 
to counseling services to help with personal or work-related 
challenges. The program provides confidential assistance 
24 hours a day, 365 days a year. 
COVID-19 RESPONSE
2020 was a critical year for public health and occupational 
health and safety management, as COVID-19 impacted  
the well-being of communities across the globe. Oxy’s 
commitment to the health and safety of our workforce and 
our communities was evident in our thorough response to 
COVID-19. Throughout the pandemic, we made significant 
efforts to safeguard our employees and communities while 
continuing to operate critical national infrastructure and 
supply essential products. Below are a few examples that 
demonstrate our robust response. 
In response to COVID-19, we allocated additional paid-time off 
to our employees to care for their loved ones during the 
pandemic. We also provided employees with presentations 
from our Medical Department and a safety website including 
information to understand COVID-19 statistics in their area 
and guidance on how to minimize exposure and 
transmission and on availability of the COVID-19 vaccine. 
During the pandemic, on-site employees were required to 
clear a COVID-19 screening on a daily basis before entering 
field, plant or office worksites. To promote a balanced and 
flexible workplace schedule post-pandemic, eligible 
employees have the option to select a work schedule that 
allows them to work three days in the office and two days  
at home. 
OxyChem supported the communities where we operate  
by providing additional personal protective equipment 
(PPE) to local hospitals and front line healthcare workers. 
OxyChem's quick response to COVID-19 enabled its plants 
to continue operating safely to provide essential chemicals 
like disinfection products to customers across the world.
In the Gulf of Mexico, we implemented a COVID-19 Mitigation 
Plan that reflects the unique aspects of crew transportation, 
accommodations and platform and drilling ship operations. 
The plan provided information, training and PPE instructions 
to our workforce related to COVID-19. It also implemented 
procedures to provide COVID-19 testing and vaccines for  
our offshore workers, report and isolate suspected and 
confirmed cases promptly, transport potentially infected 
personnel, and provide disinfection and cleaning of 
workspaces, among other topics. As part of our mitigation 
measures, all Gulf of Mexico employees were required to 
provide evidence of a negative COVID-19 test or vaccination 
and undergo quarantine as warranted before being 
permitted to work offshore, in addition to completing health 
surveys and pre-board temperature screening. Onshore  
and offshore COVID-19 testing was also instituted as part  
of the pre-screening protocols. Since the beginning of the 
pandemic, more than 17,000 COVID-19 polymerase chain 
reaction tests have been administered to Oxy employees  
in the Gulf of Mexico. 
 42
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OPERATIONAL 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
Our Operational Management System (OMS) provides a 
consistent and rigorous methodology to help the company 
identify, assess and address health, safety, environmental, 
social and operational risks across our business operations. 
We are proud that our workforce has embraced a robust 
health and safety culture.
HSE performance is fundamental to Oxy’s core values and 
to the success and sustainability of our business. In 1994, 
Oxy’s Board of Directors adopted 10 HSE Principles that set 
forth our enduring commitment across our worldwide 
operations to: 
PEOPLE
1  Safeguard the health and safety of people and 
protect the environment using design procedures, 
work practices and employee training 
2  Correct operating conditions that have  
a significant adverse HSE impact 
3  Reduce waste generation and responsibly  
manage waste disposal 
4 Reduce pollutant releases to the environment 
5  Make efficient use of water and other  
natural resources 
6 Use energy efficiently 
7  Provide information on the safe use and  
disposal of Oxy's products 
8  Maintain a dialogue with neighboring  
communities about HSE concerns 
9  Keep Oxy's Board of Directors informed  
about HSE issues 
10 Report annually on Oxy's HSE performance
Oxy is proud of our leading health and safety 
performance, including our robust approach to 
safety risk management and asset integrity.
Today, we’re implementing these Principles through our 
OMS, reflecting our focus on leadership, operational 
excellence, risk management and continuous improvement. 
Our dedicated workforce recognizes that the programs, 
practices and technologies we deploy to promote health 
and safety, enhance air and water quality, and protect 
habitat and biodiversity also strengthen our business, 
improve our products and services, and advance our 
net-zero strategy.
Oxy also strives to continuously enhance our risk 
management programs, including process safety and asset 
integrity programs, and requires the implementation of 
HSE risk management policies and procedures at all 
operating locations and levels of the organization. Higher-
level risks are reported through the management chain of 
command, validated and acknowledged by business 
segment management, and reviewed annually by senior 
leadership and the Environmental, Health and Safety 
Committee of the Board, assuring that HSE management is 
among Oxy's highest priorities. 
In 2021, Oxy updated its longstanding HSE management 
system to establish an OMS that maintains a strong focus 
on HSE and continues to set consistent worldwide 
performance expectations and standards, where 
appropriate, across all of our business operations. The OMS 
is based on operational excellence standards aligned with 
the API’s Energy Excellence program, the ACC's Responsible 
Care® program, and the Operating Management System 
Framework of the International Oil and Gas Producers 
Association (IOGP) and IPIECA. 
 43
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The OMS facilitates compliance with laws and regulations 
and the management of HSE and sustainability risks to 
improve overall business performance. It encourages 
individual responsibility, values quantifiable results and 
promotes communication among employees, contractors, 
neighboring communities, government authorities and other 
stakeholders. All personnel are empowered and expected 
to report non-compliance or unsafe conditions promptly 
and to exercise their Stop Work Authority to prevent 
injuries or environmental incidents.
Performance in key areas of HSE and sustainability is 
directly considered in the annual review and compensation 
of employees and executive management as well as in the 
selection of contractors, suppliers and business partners.
PROCESS SAFETY AND  
ASSET INTEGRITY
Oxy applies rigorous process safety management system 
and Asset Integrity (AI) programs to safeguard personnel 
and assets, protect the environment and maintain 
operational reliability of equipment and systems. Individual 
business segments also implement procedures specific to 
their operations, which provide the steps necessary for 
personnel to comply with our company-wide standards. 
Many of our facilities are regulated by the U.S. Occupational 
Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and the EPA, and 
our process safety initiatives are designed to comply with 
the standards set by those organizations. For facilities that 
are not regulated by OSHA or the EPA, our process safety 
programs mimic the Process Safety Management (PSM) 
elements laid out by OSHA. In addition to external 
regulations, our processes are supplemented by an internal 
assessment of risk level and of the procedures necessary to 
sustain process safety. In our oil and gas business, we have 
a similarly robust and established process safety and risk 
management program that includes a suite of policies and 
procedures to proactively identify and mitigate process 
risks. We believe the extent and rigor of the processes put 
into practice meet and surpass regulatory requirements, 
driven by our operating history and safety culture.
Oxy’s businesses implement robust auditing 
procedures and AI management processes 
to promote equipment and systems integrity 
across all of our facilities and operations.
Both our oil and gas and chemicals segments conduct 
regular audits, applying HSE auditing tools and guidance 
from the EPA and its state counterparts. During this 
process we consider health, safety and process safety 
disciplines, environmental permitting and controls, and 
how we maintain our equipment and monitoring devices. 
We track any corrective actions to completion. We 
additionally use third-party assessors to conduct required 
audits at PSM covered facilities every three years. Our risk 
evaluation methodology promotes consistency in 
assessing risks and mitigation opportunities and helps us 
achieve a worldwide standard of care.
In addition to our performance assessment processes, 
Oxy developed an innovative AI management system that  
is designed to maintain a high level of equipment reliability 
and systems integrity throughout our facilities, involving 
operations, facilities engineering, major projects, 
construction, supply chain, business planning and HSE 
systems. Oxy’s AI program leverages the experience of 
engineers and specialists in mechanical integrity, 
maintenance, corrosion and other disciplines to manage 
technical requirements and assist in program 
implementation, execution, review and improvement. Oxy 
uses an internationally recognized and rigorous risk-based 
inspection process to manage its inspection programs for 
critical equipment. Inspection methods include on-stream 
techniques that minimize impact to operations. We evaluate 
and deploy innovative technologies and advanced 
techniques to enhance our asset integrity inspections.  
This fosters a consistent approach worldwide and 
promotes the use of standardized tools and processes.  
We also coordinate with our joint venture partners to apply 
consistent risk management and AI processes.
 44
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

EMERGENCY PLANNING AND 
HURRICANE PREPAREDNESS
The key to effective emergency preparedness is practice. 
Oxy stresses the importance of safety drills and various 
emergency scenarios across our diverse operations. 
Employees are trained on how to respond to emergencies 
and to test business continuity systems, such as 
communications networks and data centers. 
Oxy coordinates its emergency plans with government 
institutions and public officials on issues of mutual 
importance, such as a storm response and evacuation. 
Hurricanes present a wind and flooding hazard to coastal 
areas of the United States, including our facilities located 
along the coast of and in the Gulf of Mexico. Cyclones 
similarly affect Oman. Oxy engages with federal, state and 
local agencies and local industry to coordinate severe 
weather plans and, on occasion, to participate in drills to 
simulate what would happen during a severe storm event 
or other emergency situation. These drills and related 
activities help to streamline communication among 
emergency response agencies, local governments and 
Oxy’s HSE and emergency management teams. 
The strength of our emergency preparedness was evident 
in 2020, which was a record-breaking year for hurricanes. 
During that season, our Gulf of Mexico operations: 
 »  Safely evacuated 52 offshore platforms;
 »  Performed 168 evacuation flights, involving  
5,206 passengers;
 » Relocated 1,976 drillship miles; and,
 »  Continued to refine our hurricane planning and 
emergency response.
TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
Oxy is committed to maintaining the vehicles we own or 
operate, including tractor-trailers, railcars, light-duty trucks 
and passenger automobiles, in good working condition and 
equipping them with appropriate safety features. 
Transportation safety, including the transportation of 
hazardous materials, is managed to minimize risks. We 
collaborate closely with our contractors who transport our 
personnel, products and equipment, whether by ground, 
water or air, to increase transportation safety. 
The vast majority of products that we manufacture are 
delivered in bulk via pipeline, tanker trucks or rail cars to 
utility, refinery or midstream customers who consume or 
refine our products locally or export them via double-hulled 
oceangoing vessels. Railcars and tank trailers are placarded 
with appropriate hazard warnings, and hazard information 
is provided to the transporter. In addition, all OxyChem 
products transported in drums, bags and other non-rail or 
trailer containers are labeled with product information that 
follows applicable regulations when they leave our facilities.
 45
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP
Product stewardship is one of the cornerstones of 
OxyChem’s business, and the company’s rigorous programs 
have helped it earn a reputation as one of the safest 
producers in the industry. OxyChem’s Product Stewardship 
systems help ensure the safe and knowledgeable use of 
its products throughout the world and promote consistent 
compliance with product-related regulations. 
An active member of the ACC, OxyChem has implemented 
the ACC’s Responsible Care® principles as well as codes and 
standards of the ACC, the Chlorine Institute and the Vinyl 
Institute. The ACC’s Responsible Care® program has 
helped member companies significantly enhance their 
performance, deliver high quality products, discover new 
business opportunities, safeguard workers and communities 
and improve environmental quality. The program is 
structured around a set of specific HSE metrics with 
performance goals that are often more stringent than 
corresponding government requirements. Conformance is 
verified through internal 
and external audits. 
PEOPLE
OxyChem assesses the health and safety of the products 
and byproducts that it manufactures in accordance with 
the ACC’s Responsible Care® program and applicable 
international, federal and state laws and regulations. These 
assessments are used to generate product labeling and SDS 
that provide comprehensive product information, including 
chemical composition, use of personal protective equipment, 
instructions for safe handling and environmental and health 
information in accordance with OSHA requirements.
OxyChem’s customer and technical service departments 
provide support to customers on the safe and 
environmentally responsible handling and use of products. 
Under its Responsible Care® program and ISO 9000 
certification, a set of international standards on quality 
management and quality assurance, OxyChem surveys its 
customers annually to identify opportunities to improve 
products and services.
 46
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

HUMAN RIGHTS
Oxy demonstrates our commitment to respecting and 
upholding human rights as outlined in the company's 
Human Rights Policy. The Policy defines Oxy’s commitment 
to promoting rights and freedoms universally recognized in 
international and national law in our business activities. It 
also addresses the company’s expectations for employees, 
contractors and suppliers, security personnel, and other key 
stakeholders regarding awareness, due diligence, and risk 
management practices to safeguard human rights in our 
operations. 
Oxy is attentive to concerns raised by stakeholders, 
including the needs of the communities in which we operate, 
and is committed to working with stakeholders to support 
human rights within the spheres of the company’s activity 
and influence. Oxy’s Human Rights Policy reinforces the 
company’s commitments to:
 »  Operate in accordance with universally recognized rights 
and freedoms set forth in the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights; the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights (UNGPs); the Voluntary Principles on 
Security and Human Rights; the International Labour 
Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles 
and Rights at Work; the UN Declaration on the Rights of 
Indigenous Peoples; and the ILO Convention 169 
Concerning Indigenous and Tribal Peoples in 
Independent Countries;
 »  Respect the cultural values of the communities where we 
operate, including indigenous communities;
 »  Conduct social impact assessments, as necessary, to 
identify potential risks to human rights in the company’s 
foreign activities, and to evaluate the company’s ability  
to make a positive impact in the communities where  
we operate;
 »  Understand and appropriately address concerns 
raised by stakeholders;
 »  Provide feedback mechanisms to allow stakeholders 
to raise concerns or grievances, including through 
the company’s anonymous Integrity Helpline available in 
multiple languages;
PEOPLE
 »  Provide a workplace free of child labor, harassment 
and discrimination;
 »  Investigate any allegations or complaints that involve 
a potential violation of Oxy’s Human Rights Policy; and,
 »  Conduct due diligence on all foreign contractors and 
suppliers regarding human rights risks and performance.
Oxy works with partners, suppliers and contractors who 
share our commitment to ethical business practices. We 
routinely evaluate suppliers and contractors to help ensure 
they meet our standards of ethics and HSE, as well as 
human rights. As part of the Compliance Program, we 
require our suppliers and contractors to comply with the 
company's policies, including our Code of Business Conduct 
and Human Rights Policy. 
Oxy requires due diligence be conducted on all non-U.S. 
contractors and suppliers. This vetting process includes 
background checks designed to identify past corruption  
or fraud as well as human rights violations that have been 
confirmed through publicly available resources. 
Our procurement contracts routinely include provisions 
regarding the observance and protection of human 
rights and adherence to ethical business conduct. Foreign 
contracts include provisions with respect to the 
observance of human rights, as warranted, based on the 
nature and risks of the types of goods or services to be 
provided as well as applicable laws relating to human 
rights. Certain locations and types of activities receive 
additional due diligence or training. 
Oxy encourages employees and contractors to report 
suspected violations of company policies, including the 
Human Rights Policy, and provides several avenues for 
reporting. One example is Oxy’s Integrity Helpline, which 
anyone may use to anonymously report suspected 
policy violations for investigation by Oxy's Compliance 
Department. 
 47
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PROSPERITY
Community and Social Investment  
Community Partnerships  
and Engagement  
Industry Engagement and Leadership  
Local Supply Chain Management  
 48CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

COMMUNITY AND  
SOCIAL INVESTMENT
Prosperity encompasses our industry-leading innovation 
and operational capabilities to create shared value and 
advance the UN SDGs and the Paris Agreement, including 
investments in workforce development, energy 
infrastructure and technologies. By measuring and 
reporting on Oxy’s role in contributing to prosperity and 
equity, our stakeholders can become better informed and 
prepared to sustain, facilitate and benefit from our 
substantial investments in physical assets and human 
capital that contribute to value creation, a successful and 
just net-zero transition, and the UN SDGs.
Oxy prioritizes strengthening local economies and helping 
communities thrive. We engage in numerous partnerships 
that address community needs, create economic 
PROSPERITY
opportunity and promote social welfare and cultural 
development. In each of our business locations, we follow 
established procedures to understand the potential effects 
of Oxy’s presence on the surrounding region. By investing 
our resources in initiatives that support the areas near our 
operations, we enhance our relationships with neighboring 
communities by promoting mutually beneficial outcomes. 
We actively engage stakeholders to better understand their 
interests and concerns, which helps us identify social 
investment opportunities.
During 2020, Oxy invested more than $16 million toward 
both community and social investments. Oxy also paid 
approximately $1.6 billion in U.S. federal, state, and local 
property, sales, and severance taxes, out of a total of 
approximately $2.17 billion paid in taxes globally.
 49
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS 
AND ENGAGEMENT
Our community investment approach in the U.S. focuses on 
six main areas that serve and empower disadvantaged 
communities: public health, safety and well-being; 
education; social services such as food security; military 
and veterans; the environment; and civic events and 
culture. In particular, we focused charitable contributions 
on first responders, essential workers and local food banks 
to aid community members who lost jobs or faced food 
insecurity during the COVID-19 pandemic. We distributed 
packages of PPE, including gloves, masks and hand 
sanitizers to local hospitals and charities and to employees 
to take home to their families. We also encouraged our 
workforce to obtain the COVID-19 vaccine, and supported 
host government agencies seeking to obtain and distribute 
vaccines to our workforce and their family members 
working in international locations.
Oxy is a member company of the 
Permian Strategic Partnership 
(PSP) whose mission is to enable 
fulfillment of the Permian Basin’s economic potential and 
improve the quality of life of its residents. Oxy and the PSP, 
along with the thousands of member company employees 
who live and work in the Permian Basin, are committed 
to safe and environmentally responsible operations and 
participate in the discussions and decisions that will 
improve the quality of life in the Permian. The PSP has 
invested in educational capacity and training resources, 
PROSPERITY
$48 million
Through 2020, the PSP has contributed more 
than $48 million from member company 
investments and helped to catalyze that 
investment into more than $844 million in 
community-led investments.
expanded healthcare access, improved transportation 
safety and infrastructure, affordable housing and expanded 
broadband access across the region.
COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIPS
Supporting At-Risk Youth 
with the Astros Foundation 
Since 2013, Oxy has partnered with the 
Astros Foundation to serve at-risk 
children and teens through youth 
baseball and softball programs. Oxy’s ongoing support has 
facilitated renovation and maintenance of Denver Harbor 
baseball fields, reduced registration fees for youth leagues 
and provided uniforms, equipment and Astros tickets for 
young ball players from low-income families. 
In 2021, we expanded our partnership with the Astros 
Foundation by sponsoring the Astros Literacy Bus, a mobile 
interactive unit that supports the Houston Independent 
School District and the Houston Public Library by 
distributing books at schools, youth organizations and 
community centers to encourage family reading.
Helping Veterans Make  
the Transition to  
Civilian Careers 
Demonstrating our commitment to the veteran community, 
Oxy has worked with American Corporate Partners (ACP) 
since 2011. ACP is a national non-profit organization focused 
on helping veterans find their next career through active 
and engaging mentoring, networking and online career 
development. Through the Veteran Mentor Program, Oxy 
employees serve as mentors to veterans transitioning into 
the civilian workforce. Since our partnership began, Oxy 
employees have mentored more than 400 ACP veterans. 
 50
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

In Oman, we strive to be recognized as a leader in promoting 
Oman’s Vision 2040 and its economic and social 
development goals. We support Vision 2040 through social 
investment programs supporting the people of Oman. 
In 2020, Oxy implemented and supported social investment 
projects in Oman by providing scholarships for outstanding 
Omani students to study at top international universities, 
offering English language learning for students in the Al 
Wusta and Al Dhahira concession areas, sponsoring human 
resources and jobs skills training in Al Wusta and providing 
computer tablets to students from low income families so 
they could continue online learning during the COVID-19 
pandemic. In recognition of these programs, Oxy was given 
the award of His Majesty Sultan Qaboos for social 
investment and, in 2020, the Al Roya Social Responsibility 
Forum Award at the 4th session of the Oman Forum for 
Partnership and Social Responsibility. 
In Abu Dhabi, Oxy contributes to the Emirates Foundation, 
a philanthropic organization established by the Emirati 
government to facilitate public-private partnerships for 
empowering youth. Our longstanding partnership with 
Emirates Foundation dates back to its establishment in 
2005, with Oxy being one of the organization’s top 
contributors—having donated $10 million over 12 years. 
Oxy’s involvement focuses on student volunteerism 
and support for Science, Technology, Engineering and 
Mathematics (STEM) learning to encourage youth-driven 
innovation and entrepreneurism.
Oxy is also an avid supporter of the American Community 
School of Abu Dhabi (ACS), which delivers advanced 
STEM programs to more than 1,200 students ages 4 to 18, 
representing more than 50 nationalities. ACS, established in 
1972, is a nonprofit co-educational school affiliated with the 
Office of Overseas Schools and the U.S. Department 
of State. Recently, Oxy funded the elementary school’s 
Innovation Lab.
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT 
Our Rockies operations showcase our approach to  
effective community engagement. We provide significant 
opportunities for neighbors, community leaders and local 
governmental organizations to learn about and provide 
input on our existing and planned operations. We value 
stakeholder feedback during the planning, permitting, 
development and operations processes, and offer a variety 
of ways for stakeholders to obtain information and contact 
us. To facilitate this input, we often provide extended hours 
so that people may participate in our community 
involvement initiatives without conflicting with their work 
or school schedules, we include translation services when 
requested, and we provide a community phone line and 
email address where people can direct their questions.
During the planning process for new development in the 
Prowant and Damore communities in Colorado, Oxy 
engaged with the local community before filing well permit 
applications. Our team notified the community of our intent 
to develop wells, some of which were approximately 1,500 
feet of neighborhoods. In response, the community sent 13 
requests to our team, which we addressed during an open 
town-hall meeting. We held two additional community-wide 
meetings to provide residents the opportunity to ask 
questions and provide feedback to our drilling and 
operations teams.
Our engagement with and support from communities 
remains strong. Prior to the legislative rulemaking period  
in 2020, the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation 
Commission approved our permits with the support of 
Prowant and Damore communities. Community members 
expressed their support for oil and gas development by 
writing letters to the Commission and the Governor of 
Colorado. In 2021, Oxy conducted a drilling rig tour with  
a local homeowners association representative and 
regulators to demonstrate how we safeguard residential 
communities and the local environment. 
Oxy’s motivated, innovative workforce is the key to our 
success. We dedicate significant time and resources to 
train employees on their job duties, the Operational 
Management System, the role of industry in the economy, 
as well as HSE and regulatory activities and programs. 
These efforts empower our workforce to promote 
operational excellence, including workplace and community 
health and safety, environmental stewardship and 
operational improvements in energy efficiency and air 
quality. 
 51
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

As members of the communities where we operate, our 
employees care about the places where they live and work, 
the people who live there and the legislative and regulatory 
issues impacting them. They play a critical role in our 
operations and proudly represent Oxy as the Partner of 
Choice® in their communities. As a result, we inform our 
workforce about public policy issues and legislative and 
regulatory proposals, and we routinely invite them on a 
voluntary basis to express their personal opinions in public 
hearings, written comments, or community meetings to help 
ensure that their voices are heard and that decision makers 
benefit from their knowledge and expertise. 
Oxy offers an Advocate and Ambassador training program 
to our employees that prepares them to engage and speak 
with public constituents about Oxy and our industry in their 
communities and at public forums. As part of the training, 
employees receive an ‘Oil and Gas 101’ overview, HSE 
training and information on topics such as regulatory 
planning, stakeholder relations and communications. The 
Advocate and Ambassador training program helps our 
employees engage with community members about Oxy's 
company values, our Operational Management System and 
standards, our efforts to serve as a good neighbor, and 
their personal experiences working in the industry.
Oxy sponsors the Houston Astros’ ‘Operation Military Appreciation’ to honor veterans 
and active-duty military during every home baseball game.  In this photo, Oxy employees 
Michael Morrison and Angelica Cobb are recognized for Michael’s service in the U.S. 
Navy and Angelica’s in both the U.S. Air Force and the Army National Guard.
 52
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

INDUSTRY ENGAGEMENT  
AND LEADERSHIP
Oxy’s experience in managing natural resources and CO2, coupled with our sustainability strategy, has enabled us to create 
partnerships with a diverse set of key stakeholders that work toward improved business and sustainability-related goals.  
In addition to organizations described in earlier sections of the report, Oxy is an active participant in the following leading  
sustainability organizations.
PROSPERITY
Oxy is an active member of the Carbon Capture Coalition, 
comprising over 80 stakeholder members from diverse 
industries, unions and NGOs working to support federal 
legislation, regulations and policies to incentivize CCUS.
Oxy is a member of the Getting to Zero Coalition, a 
partnership between the Global Maritime Forum, the 
Friends of Ocean Action and the World Economic Forum. 
This coalition brings together global decision-makers  
from across the maritime shipping value chain with key 
stakeholders from the energy sector and from governments 
with a goal to reduce shipping-related emissions by at 
least 50 percent by 2050.
Oxy is also a member of the Marine Preservation Association 
(MPA), the leading organization supporting the development 
and maintenance of a broadly funded, effective spill response 
capability in the United States. Through the MPA, Oxy helps 
set the highest standards for prevention of oil spills in the 
marine environment.
OxyChem is a member of the Vinyl Institute and serves on 
its Vinyl Sustainability Council (VSC), supporting strong 
policies focused on product innovation and stewardship 
and water infrastructure. The VSC serves as the subject 
matter leader on sustainability issues and related technical, 
communications and advocacy activities pertaining to the 
vinyl industry in North America. The VSC champions 
science-based continuous improvement practices to meet 
the needs of current and future generations as well as its 
members’ sustainability efforts through educational 
programs and company or product-specific sustainability 
assessments, reporting and goals development.
OxyChem received the Green Circle certification and the 
Vantage Vinyl Sustainability award in 2020 and 2021 for 
leadership in sustainability by surpassing the Vinyl 
Institute’s stringent sustainability standards. 
OxyChem received the industry’s highest 
Sustainability Leadership Award from the 
ACC for its partnership with Water 
Mission, which facilitates access to clean drinking water  
for refugees and disaster areas around the world.
OxyChem earned a Gold rating from EcoVadis, the 
world’s largest provider of sustainability ratings, 
for supply chain sustainability leadership. This 
achievement places OxyChem among the top four percent of 
global chemical companies.
OxyChem's knowledge and expertise in water disinfection 
has made OxyChem a key partner in the mobile Global 
Water Center®. OxyChem has donated over 160,000 lbs of 
our ACL product for use in water disinfection and $250,000  
to support the educational materials and exhibits focusing 
on water education. In 2021, 94 OxyChem employees 
volunteered over 800 hours at the mobile Global Water 
Center®.
 53
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

LOCAL SUPPLY  
CHAIN MANAGEMENT
Oxy’s supply chain management team recognizes that  
our suppliers and contractors have a significant role in 
supporting our sustainability programs and reducing Oxy’s 
operational footprint. We are actively working with our 
suppliers to align our mutual sustainability goals and share 
ideas about reducing emissions and carbon impacts 
associated with their products and services. Our supply 
chain management group is exploring means of effectively 
tracking and verifying our vendors’ carbon impact within  
our sourcing and evaluation systems to reflect this in  
our performance criteria.
Oxy’s local purchasing programs seek to enhance the 
competitiveness of contractors and suppliers near our 
operations and their ability to meet our quality, HSE and 
sustainability performance requirements. We work closely 
with local suppliers to promote a consistent quality of 
service and provide additional training opportunities to 
PROSPERITY
select suppliers. Investing in local scholarships and skills-
based training helps Oxy and our value chain partners to 
secure the necessary technical, operational and commercial 
skill sets. This investment also provides shared economic 
value by increasing the potential for direct and indirect 
employment of workers and the retention of suppliers. 
In Oman, Oxy has invested extensively in small- and  
medium-sized enterprises to strengthen their institutional 
capacity and workforce skills and ultimately strengthen  
our local supplier network. Oxy Oman also supports 
innovation and training targeting youth development 
initiatives including government scholarships, workforce 
training, entrepreneurship and innovation programs.  
Oxy’s collective support and investment contributes to 
Oman’s In-Country Value Program resulting in increased 
employment opportunities for Omanis and investment in 
local businesses.
 54
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy 2020 Annual Performance  
Indicators Table  
Notes Concerning Forward-Looking 
Statements and GHG Emissions Estimates  
Independent Assurance Statement  
re Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions 
2020 EEO-1 Report on U.S. Employees  
Glossary of Terms  
APPENDICES
 55CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

METRIC 2019 2020 WEF-IBC IPIECA-API-IOGP SASB
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions (million metric tons CO2 equivalent)—Total Oxy [1] [2] [3] [4]     
Total GHGs (Scopes 1 and 2) operated basis, 
verified by ERM CVS 
27.65 24.46 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: C1, C2
Total GHGs (Scopes 1 and 2)  
operated-equity basis
19.59 17.85 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: A1
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis 22.34 19.81 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: C1
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated-equity basis 15.69 14.40 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: A1
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated basis 5.31 4.65 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: C2
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated-equity basis 3.90 3.46 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: A1
GHG Emissions (million metric tons CO2 equivalent)—Oil & Gas [1] [2] [3] [4]
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis 16.13 13.71 Pillar 2: Climate Change EM-EP-110.a1
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated-equity basis 9.48 8.30 Pillar 2: Climate Change EM-EP-110.a1
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated basis 3.42 3.01 Pillar 2: Climate Change
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated-equity basis 2.01 1.82 Pillar 2: Climate Change
Indirect GHGs (Scope 3),  
Use of Sold Products [5]
103.00 135.00 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: A2
GHG Emissions (million metric tons CO2 equivalent)—OxyChem
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) 6.21 6.10 Pillar 2: Climate Change RT-CH-110.a1
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) 1.89 1.64 Pillar 2: Climate Change
GHG Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/BOE)—Oil & Gas [1] [2] [3] [4]
Total GHG intensity (Scopes 1 and 2)  
operated basis
0.034 0.033
Total GHG intensity (Scopes 1 and 2)  
operated-equity basis
0.034 0.033
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis 0.028 0.027 CCE-4: C4
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated-equity basis 0.029 0.027
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated basis 0.006 0.006
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated-equity basis 0.006 0.006
GHG Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/MT)—OxyChem
Total GHG intensity (Scopes 1 and 2) 0.671 0.698
Direct GHG intensity (Scope 1) 0.515 0.551 CCE-4: C4
Indirect GHG intensity (Scope 2) 0.157 0.148 CCE-4: C4
OXY 2020 ANNUAL ESG  
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PLANET
1
METRIC 2020 2019 WEF-IBC IPIECA-API-IOGP SASB
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions (million metric tons CO2 equivalent)—Total Oxy [1] [2] [3] [4]
Total GHGs (Scope 1 and 2) operated basis, 
verified by ERM CVS 
24.46 27.65 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: C1, C2
Total GHGs (Scope 1 and 2)  
operated-equity basis
17.85 19.59 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: A1
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis 19.81 22.34 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: C1
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated-equity basis 14.40 15.69 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: A1
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated basis 4.65 5.31 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: C2
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated-equity basis 3.46 3.90 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: A1
GHG Emissions (million metric tons CO2 equivalent)—Oil & Gas [1] [2] [3] [4]
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis 13.71 16.13 Pillar 2: Climate Change EM-EP-110.a1
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated-equity basis 8.30 9.48 Pillar 2: Climate Change EM-EP-110.a1
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated basis 3.01 3.42 Pillar 2: Climate Change
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated-equity basis 1.82 2.01 Pillar 2: Climate Change
Indirect GHGs (Scope 3) operated basis, 
Transportation, Refining and Use of  
Sold Products [5]
226 260 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-4: A2
Indirect GHGs (Scope 3) operated-equity 
basis, Transportation, Refining and Use  
of Sold Products [5]
165 126
Indirect GHGs (Scope 3) equity basis, 
Transportation, Refining and Use of  
Sold Products [5]
201 153
GHG Emissions (million metric tons CO2 equivalent)—OxyChem
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) 6.10 6.21 Pillar 2: Climate Change RT-CH-110.a1
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) 1.64 1.89 Pillar 2: Climate Change
GHG Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/BOE)—Oil & Gas [1] [2] [3] [4]
Total GHG intensity (Scope 1 and 2)  
operated basis
0.0329 0.0338
Total GHG intensity (Scope 1 and 2) 
operated-equity basis
0.0329 0.0338
Direct GHG intensity (Scope 1)  
operated basis
0.0270 0.0279
Direct GHG intensity (Scope 1)  
operated-equity basis 
0.0270 0.0279
OXY 2019–20 ANNUAL ESG  
PERFORMANCE INDICATORS
PLANET
 56
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

METRIC 2019 2020 WEF-IBC IPIECA-API-IOGP SASB
Methane Emissions (CH4) (thousand metric tons)
Methane Emissions,operated basis—Total Oxy 171.85 166.61 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-5: C1
Methane Emissions, operated basis—Oil & Gas 171.74 166.50 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-5: C1
Methane Emissions—OxyChem 0.109 0.116 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-5: C1
Methane Emissions (CH4) Intensity
Methane Emissions Intensity—Oil & Gas, 
operated basis (% of marketed gas) [6]
0.47 0.49
Methane Emissions Intensity—Oil & Gas, 
operated basis (mt CH4/BOE)
0.0003 0.0003
Methane Emissions Intensity—OxyChem 
(tonne/thousand metric tons)
0.009 0.011
Gas Flaring—Oil & Gas [7]
Volume of total gas vented/flared (MMscf) 33,649 28,526 CCE-7: C1
Volume of routine gas vented/flared (MMscf) 16,845 12,425 CCE-7: A2
Volume of non-routine and safety-related 
gas vented/flared (MMscf)
16,804 16,101 CCE-7: A2
Emissions from venting/flaring  
(million metric tons CO2e)
2.95 2.23 CCE-7: C4
Other Air Emissions [8]
Nitrogen oxides (NOX) 
(thousand metric tons)
 49.53 47.49 ENV-5: C1 EM-EP-120.a1 
RT-CH-120.a1
Sulfur oxides (SOX)  
(thousand metric tons)
 37.93 35.05 ENV-5: A1 EM-EP-120.a1 
RT-CH-120.a1
Carbon monoxide (CO) 
(thousand metric tons)
 41.10 40.64 ENV-5: C1
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) 
(thousand metric tons)
 150.51 141.66 ENV-5: A1 EM-EP-120.a1 
RT-CH-120.a1
Particulate Matter (PM) 
(thousand metric tons)
2.73 2.50 ENV-5: A1 EM-EP-120.a1 
RT-CH-120.a1
Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) 
(thousand pounds)
409.84 394.65 ENV-5: A1 RT-CH-12a.1
Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) (pounds)  11.3 26.04 ENV-5: A1
Energy, Electricity, Hydrogen and CO2 Utilization
Total energy consumption (GJ)—Total Oxy  274,902,302 151,444,601 CCE-6: C1 RT-CH-130a.1
Total energy intensity  
(MMbtu/metric ton)—OxyChem
 — 10.43 CCE-6: A2
Total electricity consumption 
(MWh)—Total Oxy
 14,333,909 17,409,724 CCE-3: A4 RT-CH-130a.1
Total renewable electricity consumption 
(MWh)—Total Oxy
 14,730 36,344 CCE-3: A7 RT-CH-130a.1
Total hydrogen produced as non-carbon 
feedstock (MMBtu)—OxyChem [9]
 — 12,602,473 CCE-3: A4
Environmental Spills and Fines
Reportable spills, crude—volume (bbl)  3,839 7,842 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2
2
Indirect GHG intensity (Scope 2)  
operated basis
0.0059 0.0059
Indirect GHG intensity (Scope 2)  
operated-equity basis
0.0059 0.0059
GHG Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/MT Production)—OxyChem
Total GHG intensity (Scope 1 and 2) 0.699 0.672 CCE-4: C4
Direct GHG intensity (Scope 1) 0.551 0.515 CCE-4: C4
Indirect GHG intensity (Scope 2) 0.148 0.157 CCE-4: C4
Methane Emissions (CH4) (thousand metric tons)
Methane Emissions, operated basis—Total Oxy 166.611 171.849 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-5: C1
Methane Emissions, operated basis—Oil & Gas 166.495 171.740 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-5: C1
Methane Emissions—OxyChem 0.116  0.109 Pillar 2: Climate Change CCE-5: C1
Methane Emissions (CH4) Intensity
Methane Emissions Intensity—Oil & Gas, 
operated basis (% of marketed gas) [6]
0.49 0.47
Methane Emissions Intensity—Oil & Gas, 
operated basis (MT CH4/BOE)
0.0003 0.0003
Methane Emissions Intensity—OxyChem  
(MT CH4/Thousand MT Production)
0.0105 0.0091
Gas Flaring—Oil & Gas [7]
Volume of total gas vented/flared (MMscf)  28,526  33,649 CCE-7: C1
Volume of routine gas vented/flared (MMscf) 12,425 CCE-7: A2
Volume of non-routine and safety-related 
gas vented/flared (MMscf)
16,101 CCE-7: A2
Emissions from venting/flaring  
(million metric tons CO2e)
2.24  2.95 CCE-7: C4 EM-EP-110a.2
Other Air Emissions [8]
Nitrogen oxides (NOX) 
(thousand metric tons)
47.49  49.53 ENV-5: C1 EM-EP-120.a1 
RT-CH-120.a1
Sulfur oxides (SOX)  
(thousand metric tons)
35.05  37.93 ENV-5: C1 EM-EP-120.a1 
RT-CH-120.a1
Carbon monoxide (CO) 
(thousand metric tons)
40.64  41.10 ENV-5: A1
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) 
(thousand metric tons)
141.66  150.51 ENV-5: C1 EM-EP-120.a1 
RT-CH-120.a1
Particulate Matter (PM) 
(thousand metric tons)
2.50 2.73 ENV-5: A1 EM-EP-120.a1 
RT-CH-120.a1
Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) 
(thousand pounds)
394.65 409.84 ENV-5: A1 RT-CH-12a.1
Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) (pounds) 26.04  11.3 ENV-5: A1
Energy, Electricity, Hydrogen and CO2 Utilization
Total energy consumption (GJ)—Total Oxy  151,444,601  274,902,302 CCE-6: C1 RT-CH-130a.1
Total energy intensity  
(MMbtu/MT Production)—OxyChem
 10.43 CCE-6: A2
 57
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

METRIC 2019 2020 WEF-IBC IPIECA-API-IOGP SASB
Reportable spills, crude—normalized  
volume (bbl/MMBOE)
6.73 15.45 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2
Reportable spills, crude—number  354 217 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2
Spilled hydrocarbons 
recovered—volume (bbl)
 1,392 5,777 ENV-6: A1 EM-EP-160a.2
Reportable spills, produced  
water—volume (bbl)
 14,913 59,534 ENV-6: A5
Reportable spills, produced water—number  163 142 ENV-6: A5
Reportable spills, chemicals—volume (lbs) — 82,232 ENV-6: A5
Reportable spills, chemicals—number — 11 ENV-6: A5
Reportable spills, vinyl resin—volume (lbs) [10] — 10,597 ENV-6: A5
Reportable spills, vinyl resin—number [10] — 11 ENV-6: A5
Environmental and safety 
fines and citations (US$)
 186,446 186,855
Hydraulic Fracturing [11]
Percent of hydraulically fractured wells 
where there is publicly available frac-fluid 
chemicals used
100 100 EM-EP-
140a.3
Percent of hydraulically fractured sites 
where ground or surface water quality 
deteriorated compared to baseline
0 0 EM-EP-
140a.4
Water
Total water withdrawn (megaliters) [12]  610,579 419,680 ENV-1: A4, A7 RT-CH-140a.1
Total fresh water withdrawn (megaliters)  257,770 145,853 Pillar 2: Freshwater ENV-1: C1 EM-EP-140a.1
Total non-fresh water withdrawn (megaliters)  352,809 273,827 ENV-1: A4
Total fresh water consumption (megaliters)  63,141 41,482 Pillar 2: Freshwater ENV-1: C2 EM-EP-140a.1 
RT-CH-140a.1
Total wastewater discharged (megaliters)  295,536 196,596 ENV-2: A5
Total produced/flowback water 
recycled/reused (megaliters) [13]
 247,837 234,959 ENV-1: A10 EM-EP-
140a.2
Percent produced/flowback water 
recycled/reused (%) [13]
41 60 ENV-1: A10 EM-EP-
140a.2
Waste [14]
Hazardous waste (thousand tons)  79.0 48.1 ENV-7: C3 RT-CH-150a.1
Non-hazardous waste (thousand tons)  122.0 79.6 ENV-7: C3
Waste recycled (thousand tons) — 84.5 ENV-7: C3 RT-CH-150a.1
Total waste to landfill (thousand tons)  10.2 60.9 ENV-7: C3
Biodiversity and Habitat Conservation
Acres of land under management, including 
Conservation Agreements or Candidate 
Conservation Agreements [15]
 812,187 811,820 ENV-4: C1
Number of designated habitats 
protected or restored [16]
12 14 ENV-4: C1
3
Total electricity consumption 
(MWh)—Total Oxy
 17,409,724  14,333,909 CCE-3: A4 RT-CH-130a.1
Total renewable electricity consumption 
(MWh)—Total Oxy
 36,344  14,730 CCE-3: A7 RT-CH-130a.1
Total hydrogen produced as non-carbon 
feedstock (MMBtu)—OxyChem [9]
 12,602,473 CCE-3: A4
Environmental Spills and Fines
Reportable spills, crude—volume (bbl)  7,842  3,839 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2
Reportable spills, crude—normalized volume 
(bbl/MMBOE)
 15.45  6.73 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2
Reportable spills, crude—number  217  354 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2
Spilled hydrocarbons recovered—volume (bbl)  5,777  1,392 ENV-6: A1 EM-EP-160a.2
Reportable spills, produced water—volume 
(bbl)
 59,534  14,913 ENV-6: A5
Reportable spills, produced water—number  142  163 ENV-6: A5
Reportable spills - mass (lbs)[10] 10,597 61,615 ENV-6: A5
Reportable spills - number[10]  11 16 ENV-6: A5
Spills, vinyl resin—mass (lbs) [11] 0 ENV-6: A5
Spills, vinyl resin—number [11] 0 ENV-6: A5
Environmental and safety 
fines and citations (US$)
186,855  186,446 
Hydraulic Fracturing [12]
Percent of hydraulically fractured wells for 
which there is public disclosure of frac-fluid 
chemicals used
100 100 EM-EP-
140a.3
Percent of hydraulically fractured sites 
where ground or surface water quality 
deteriorated compared to baseline
0 0 EM-EP-
140a.4
Water
Total water withdrawn (megaliters) [13]  482,053  638,235 ENV-1: A4, A7 RT-CH-140a.1
Total fresh water withdrawn (megaliters)  145,853  257,770 Pillar 2: Freshwater ENV-1: C1 EM-EP-140a.1
Total non-fresh water withdrawn (megaliters)  336,200  380,464 ENV-1: A4
Total fresh water consumption (megaliters)  41,482  63,141 Pillar 2: Freshwater ENV-1: C2 EM-EP-140a.1 
RT-CH-140a.1
Total wastewater discharged (megaliters)  196,596  295,536 ENV-2: A5
Total produced/flowback water 
recycled/reused (megaliters) [14]
 234,959  247,837 ENV-1: A10 EM-EP-
140a.2
Percent produced/flowback water 
recycled/reused (%) [14]
52 39 ENV-1: A10 EM-EP-
140a.2
Waste [15]
Hazardous waste (thousand tons) 48.1  79.0 ENV-7: C3 RT-CH-150a.1
Non-hazardous waste (thousand tons) 79.6  122.0 ENV-7: C3
Waste recycled (thousand tons) 84.5 ENV-7: C3 RT-CH-150a.1
Total waste to landfill (thousand tons) 60.9  10.2 ENV-7: C3
[13]
 58
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

METRIC 2019 2020 WEF-IBC IPIECA-API-IOGP SASB
Fatalities
Total Fatalities 0 0 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Employees 0 0 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Contractors 0 0 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Injuries and Safety Incidents
Total Injury and Illness Incident Rate (IIR), 
employees only
 0.36 0.19 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Total Injury and Illness Incident Rate (IIR), 
employees and contractors
 0.29 0.21 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Days Away Restricted and Transfer (DART), 
employees only
 0.17 0.12 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Process Safety Incidents
Tier 1 process safety events [17]  182 148 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-6: C1 EM-EP-540a. 
RT-CH-540a.1
Number of reported pipeline incidents 1 0 Pillar 3: Health & Safety EM-MD-540a.1
Employee Diversity
Number of Total Employees [18]  14,350  11,764 
Number of U.S. Employees  10,290  8,108 
Female Employees, U.S. FTE (%)  22.4  22.0 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C2
Female and Minority Employees,  
U.S. FTE (%)
—  32.6 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C2
Number of Contractors  40,158  21,179 
Women in Professional Positions  
(%), U.S. FTE
 31.3 31.0 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C2
Women in Management Positions  
(%), U.S. FTE
 21.0 21.6 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C3
Minorities in Professional Positions  
(%), U.S. FTE
 28.6 34.6 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C2
Minorities in Management Positions  
(%), U.S. FTE
 23.9 22.7 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C3
Local/National Employees Compared to 
Expatriate Employees in Management 
Positions (%)
 99.3 98.5 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C3
Board Director Diversity
Independent Directors (%) 88.9 90.9
Women on Board (%) 33.3 18.2
Minorities on Board (%) 11.1 18.2
PEOPLE AND PROSPERITY
4
METRIC 2020 2019 WEF-IBC IPIECA-API-IOGP SASB
Fatalities
Total Fatalities 0 0 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Employees 0 0 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Contractors 0 0 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Injuries and Safety Incidents
Total Injury and Illness Incident Rate (IIR), 
employees only
0.19  0.36 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Total Injury and Illness Incident Rate (IIR), 
employees and contractors
0.21  0.29 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Days Away Restricted and Transfer (DART), 
employees only
0.12  0.17 Pillar 3: Health & Safety SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1 
RT-CH-320a.1
Process Safety Incidents
Tier 1 process safety events [18] 148  182 SHS-6: C1 EM-EP-540a. 
RT-CH-540a.1
Number of reported pipeline incidents 0 1 EM-MD-540a.1
Employee Diversity
Number of Total Employees [19]  11,764  14,350 
Number of U.S. Employees  8,108  10,290 
Female Employees, U.S. FTE (%)  22.0  22.4 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C2
Minority Employees, U.S. FTE (%)  32.6 30.2 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C2
Number of Contractors  21,179  40,158 
Women in Professional Positions  
(%), U.S. FTE
31.0  31.3 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C2
Women in Management Positions  
(%), U.S. FTE
21.6  21.0 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C3
Minorities in Professional Positions  
(%), U.S. FTE
34.6  28.6 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C2
Minorities in Management Positions  
(%), U.S. FTE
22.7  23.9 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C3
PEOPLE AND PROSPERITY
Biodiversity and Habitat Conservation
Acres of land under management, including 
Conservation Agreements or Candidate 
Conservation Agreements [16]
811,820  812,187 ENV-4: C1
Number of designated habitats 
protected or restored [17]
14 12 ENV-4: C1
 59
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

METRIC 2019 2020 WEF-IBC IPIECA-API-IOGP SASB
Employee Turnover
Voluntary Employee Turnover (%)  15.8 7.8 Pillar 4: 
Employment Rate
SOC-6: A1
Non-voluntary Employee Turnover (%)  5.6 5.5 Pillar 4: 
Employment Rate
SOC-6: A1
Workforce Training
Workforce Training, total avg hrs/year,  
per U.S. FTE
 30.3 25.3 Pillar 3: Training SOC-7: C2
Workforce HSE Training
Workforce HSE Training, total avg hrs/year, 
per global FTE
0 35.7 Pillar 3: Training SHS1: C2 EM-EP-320a.1
Percent of Employees Unionized
Percent of Employees Unionized, U.S. FTE  5.3 6.6
Total Taxes & Royalties Paid
Total Taxes & Royalties Paid (US$, millions)  3,847 2,169.52
U.S — 1,654 Pillar 4: Total Tax Paid
Non-U.S. — 516 Pillar 4: Total Tax Paid
Total Social Investments
Total Social Investments, 
global (US$, millions) [19]
13.065 14.904 SOC-13: C2
Charitable Giving, (US$, millions) [20] 3.56 6.09 SOC-13: A2
Total Annual Capital Expenditures
Total Annual Capital Expenditures 
(US$, millions)
 6,367  2,535 Pillar 4: 
Financial Investment
Total Production
Production Crude (Mbbl) operated 410,057 348,127 EM-EP-000.A
Production Natural Gas (MMcf) operated 1,014,439 957,282 EM-EP-000.A
Production Chemicals (metric tons) 12,062,219 11,080,612 RT-CH-000.A
Total Production Sites [21]
Onshore, oil and gas 8 8 EM-EP-000.C
Offshore, oil and gas 10 10 EM-EP-000.B
Chemical manufacturing 24 24
5
METRIC 2020 2019 WEF-IBC IPIECA-API-IOGP SASB
Local/National Employees Compared to 
Expatriate Employees in Management 
Positions (%)
98.5  99.3 Pillar 3: D&I SOC-5: C3
Board Director Diversity
Independent Directors (%) 90.9 88.9
Women on Board (%) 18.2 33.3
Minorities on Board (%) 18.2 11.1
Employee Turnover
Voluntary Employee Turnover (%) 7.8  15.8 Pillar 4: 
Employment Rate
SOC-6: A1
Non-voluntary Employee Turnover (%) 5.5  5.6 Pillar 4: 
Employment Rate
SOC-6: A1
Workforce Training
Workforce Training, total avg hrs/year,  
per U.S. FTE
25.3  30.3 Pillar 3: Training SOC-7: C2
Workforce HSE Training
Workforce HSE Training, total avg hrs/year, 
per global FTE
35.7 Pillar 3: Training SHS1: C2 EM-EP-320a.1
Percent of Employees Unionized
Percent of Employees Unionized, U.S. FTE 6.6  5.3 
Total Taxes and Royalties Paid
Total Taxes and Royalties Paid (US$, millions) 2,170  3,847 Pillar 4: Total Tax Paid
U.S. 1,654
Non-U.S. 516
Total Social Investments
Total Social Investments, 
global (US$, millions) [20]
14.9 13.1 Pillar 4: Economic 
Contribution
SOC-13: C2
Charitable Giving, (US$, millions) [21] 6.1 3.6 Pillar 4: Economic 
Contribution
SOC-13: A2
Total Annual Capital Expenditures
Total Annual Capital Expenditures 
(US$, millions)
 2,535  6,367 Pillar 4: 
Financial Investment
Total Production
Production of Crude (Mbbl) operated 348,127 410,057 EM-EP-000.A
Production of Natural Gas (MMcf) operated 957,282 1,014,439 EM-EP-000.A
Production of Chemicals (metric tons) 11,080,612 12,062,219 RT-CH-000.A
Total Production Sites [22]
Onshore operated oil and  
gas basins or regions
5 7 EM-EP-000.C
Offshore operated oil and gas platforms 10 10 EM-EP-000.B
Chemical manufacturing plants 24 24
 60
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Notes Concerning Forward-Looking Statement and GHG Emissions Estimates
This report contains forward-looking statements based on management’s current expectations relating to Oxy’s operations and business prospects. Words such as 
“estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “seek,” “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” “aim,” “goal,” “target,” “objective,” 
“likely” or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes generally indicate forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance 
on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Actual results may differ from anticipated results, sometimes materially, and reported 
results should not be considered an indication of future performance. Factors that could cause results to differ include, but are not limited to: the scope and duration of the 
COVID-19 pandemic and actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic; our indebtedness and other payment obligations, 
including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations; our ability to successfully monetize select assets, repay or refinance our debt and the impact of 
changes in our credit ratings; assumptions about energy markets; global and local commodity and commodity futures pricing fluctuations; technology developments; 
supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, our products and services; actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and 
non-OPEC oil producing countries; results from operations and competitive conditions; future impairments of our proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity 
investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings; unexpected changes in costs; availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures 
and contractual obligations; the regulatory approval environment, including our ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other governmental approvals, including those 
necessary for drilling and/or development projects; our ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital 
expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or dispositions; risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, 
uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences; uncertainties and liabilities associated 
with acquired and divested properties and businesses; uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids reserves; lower-than-expected 
production from development projects or acquisitions; exploration, drilling and other operational risks; disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the 
pipeline systems that deliver our oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations; general economic conditions, including slowdowns, 
domestically or internationally, and volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets; governmental actions and political conditions and events; legislative or regulatory 
changes, including changes relating to hydraulic fracturing or other oil and natural gas operations, retroactive royalty or production tax regimes, deepwater and onshore 
drilling and permitting regulations, and environmental regulation (including regulations related to climate change); environmental risks and liability under international, 
provincial, federal, regional, state, tribal, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations (including remedial actions); potential liability resulting from pending or future 
litigation; disruption or interruption of production or manufacturing or facility damage due to accidents, chemical releases, labor unrest, weather, natural disasters, 
cyber-attacks or insurgent activity; failure of risk management; our ability to retain and hire key personnel; reorganization or restructuring of our operations; changes in 
state, federal or foreign tax rates; actions by third parties that are beyond our control; and the factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of Oxy’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 and in Oxy’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Unless legally required, Oxy 
does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
The estimated GHG emissions described in this report are derived from a combination of measured and estimated data using the best reasonably available information. We 
report our estimated GHG emissions from operations for 2019 and 2020 on an operated and an operated-equity basis in our Annual Performance Summary Table. We use 
industry standards and best practices for estimating GHG emissions from similar sources, including guidance from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), American 
Petroleum Institute (API) and IPIECA. The uncertainty associated with Oxy’s emission estimates depends on variation in the processes and operations, the availability of 
sufficient or equivalent data, the quality of available data or estimations, and the methodologies used for measurement and estimation. The estimates may vary over time as 
updated data become available, emission estimation methodologies are refined, and to reflect changes to Oxy’s assets, operations or emissions boundaries. Oxy’s reporting of 
estimated Scope 2 and 3 emissions from third parties is an evaluation of our products and operations' emission lifecycle to express the magnitude of our emission reduction 
ambitions and does not in any way indicate an acceptance by Oxy of any responsibility for such emissions.
FOOTNOTES AND EXPLANATIONS
** This table presents data from 2019 and 2020 to reflect the two years of comparable data since Oxy’s acquisition of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation in August 2019.**
[1]  Production and emissions data includes the operated assets of Oxy and Anadarko oil and gas and OxyChem. Oxy updated its processes in 2021 for estimating and reporting Scopes 
1 and 2 GHG emissions in our U.S. operations to reflect our ongoing integration of Oxy and Anadarko processes and systems. 2019 data for GHG-related metrics (GHG emissions, 
methane and flaring) were updated accordingly.
[2]  Oxy commissioned a limited assurance verification by ERM CVS for 2019-2020 combined Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions estimates for operated oil and gas assets and OxyChem. 
See Independent Assurance Statement posted at Oxy.com and in this report.
[3]  Production and emissions from third-party operated assets and joint-ventures, and operations that are discontinued, held for sale or sold in a given year are  excluded (e.g., WES and 
Ghana in 2019-2020, Utah and Colombia in 2020).  
[4]  The updated 2019 GHG emissions and intensity data and the operated production volumes include the combined Oxy and Anadarko oil and gas operated assets for the full year of 2019.
[5] Use of Sold Products emissions estimated based on operated-equity basis.
[6]  Methane emissions intensity refers to the amount of methane emissions from operated oil and gas assets as percentage of the total gas produced and marketed. This approach is 
consistent with the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) and One Future methodologies.
[7] Total flare emissions data for the periods 2019-2020 include routine, non-routine, and safety flaring.
[8]  NOx, SOx, CO, VOCs, and PM data are for total Oxy (oil and gas and OxyChem); oil and gas data was estimated using gross operated production. HAP and ODS data are for OxyChem, only.
[9] Hydrogen volumes for energy production within OxyChem operations, only.
[10]  Release of plastic pellets, flakes, or granules from containment to ground or surface water outside of OxyChem facilities and estimated to be greater than 0.5 litres or 0.5 kilograms  
per incident, per Operation Clean Sweep Blue Protocol.
[11] Per SASB EM-EP-140a.3 and EM-EP-140a.4 metrics.
[12]  Total water withdrawn is defined as total fresh and non-fresh sources (surface, municipal, groundwater, produced water and water from third-party sources). Fresh water defined  
as TDS <1,000 ppm.
[13] Produced/flowback water recycled/reused is defined as treated and/or untreated produced water used for re-injection for improved or enhanced oil recovery and for beneficial reuse.
[14] Waste data from OxyChem operations, only.
[15] CA and CCA for U.S. oil and gas acreage; Gulf of Mexico acreage not specified.
[16] Dedicated protected area defined under USACE permit, IPIECA or IUCN definitions.
[17] Tier 1 PSE, defined by API 754 and per SASB EM-EP-540a.1 metric.
[18] Per Oxy's 2020 EEO-1 filing. Includes approximately 2,900 employees in OxyChem; excludes WES.
[19] Defined as U.S. charitable contributions and international social projects and community investments by Oxy to support public-private initiatives and foundations.
[20] 501(c)3 and 170(c) U.S. charitable and non-U.S. contributions.
[21] Per SASB EM-EP-000.C activity metric. Onshore oil and gas sites qualified as assets and offshore sites qualified as operated floating platforms, per Oxy's 10-K Item 7, MD&A.
6
FOOTNOTES AND EXPLANATIONS
** This table presents data from 2019 and 2020 to reflect the two years of comparable data since Oxy’s acquisition of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation in August 2019.**
[1]  Production and emissions data include the operated oil and gas assets of Oxy and Anadarko and the operated assets of OxyChem. Oxy updated its processes in 2021 for estimating 
and reporting Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions in our U.S. operations to reflect our ongoing integration of Oxy and Anadarko processes and systems. 2019 data for GHG-related metrics 
(GHG emissions, methane and flaring) were updated accordingly.
[2]  Oxy commissioned a limited assurance verification by ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. (ERM CVS) for 2019–2020 combined Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions estimates 
for operated oil and gas assets and OxyChem. See Independent Assurance Statement in this Appendix and posted at Oxy.com.
[3]  Production and emissions from third-party operated assets and joint ventures, and operations that are discontinued, held for sale or sold in a given year are excluded (e.g., WES and 
Ghana in 2019–2020, Utah and Colombia in 2020).
[4]  The updated 2019 GHG emissions and intensity data and the operated production volumes include the combined Oxy and Anadarko oil and gas operated assets for the full year of 2019.
[5]  Scope 3 estimates reflect oil and gas upstream emissions for the three significant categories associated with the downstream transportation, refining and use of our oil and gas 
products on a BOE basis (Category 9, 10 and 11, respectively), using 2009 API Compendium emission factors and EPA/IPCC AR4 GWP. The estimates assume combustion of all oil and 
gas products and ignore non-emissive use, and are presented on an operated,  equity, and operated-equity basis. Previously, Scope 3 emissions were reported only on an operated-
equity basis for the most significant category—use of our sold products (Category 11)—and included an 11% reduction based on 2017 U.S. Energy Information Administration refinery 
data for non-emissive use. 
[6]  Methane emissions intensity refers to the amount of methane emissions from operated oil and gas assets as a percentage of the total gas produced and marketed. This approach is 
consistent with the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative (OGCI) and One Future methodologies.
[7]  In 2020, Oxy endorsed the World Bank's Initiative for Zero Routine Flaring (ZRF) by 2030 and began applying the World Bank's classification of routine flaring to company-specific 
data. In 2019, only total flaring volume is reported.
[8]  NOx, SOx, CO, VOC and PM estimates are calculated from emissions factors for Oxy's oil and gas operations based on operated production volumes and for OxyChem based on plant 
emissions inventories. HAP and ODS data are for OxyChem only.
[9] Hydrogen volumes for energy production within OxyChem operations only.
[10] Spills are reported in excess of a regulatory reportable quantity threshold for a chemical — e.g., vinyl chloride 1 lb; chlorine 10 lbs; caustic 1000 lbs, etc. — from OxyChem operations 
only.
[11]  Annualized release of plastic pellets, flakes, or granules from containment to ground or surface water outside of OxyChem facilities and estimated to be greater than 0.5 litres or 0.5 
kilograms per incident, per American Chemistry Council's Operation Clean Sweep Blue Protocol.
[12] Per SASB EM-EP-140a.3 and EM-EP-140a.4 metrics.
[13]  Total water withdrawn is defined as total fresh and non-fresh sources (surface, municipal, groundwater, produced water and water from third-party sources). Fresh water defined as 
TDS <1,000 ppm. Estimates of total and non-fresh water withdrawn have been updated as of mid-2022 with the latest available produced water data.
[14]  Produced/flowback water recycled/reused is defined as treated and/or untreated produced water used for completions, re-injection for improved or enhanced oil recovery or for other 
beneficial reuse. The percent produced/flowback water recycled/reused has been updated as of mid-2022 with the latest available produced water data.
[15] Waste data from OxyChem operations only.
[16] CA and CCA for U.S. oil and gas acreage; Gulf of Mexico acreage not specified.
[17] Dedicated protected area defined under USACE permit, IPIECA or IUCN definitions.
[18] Tier 1 PSE, defined by API 754 and per SASB EM-EP-540a.1 metric.
[19] Per Oxy's 2020 EEO-1 filing. Includes approximately 2,900 employees in OxyChem; excludes WES.
[20] Defined as U.S. charitable contributions and international social projects and community investments by Oxy to support public-private initiatives and foundations.
[21] 501(c)3 and 170(c) U.S. charitable and non-U.S. contributions.
[22] Per SASB EM-EP-000.C activity metric. 
 61
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2020 EEO-1 REPORT 
ON U.S. EMPLOYEES
HISPANIC OR LATINO
JOB CATEGORIES MALE FEMALE
Executive/Sr Officials & MGRs 8 0
First/Mid Officials &MGRs 152 49
Professionals 272 129
Technicians 106 35
Sales Workers 1 0
Administrative Support 17 108
Craft Workers 119 3
Operatives 463 8
Laborers & Helpers 0 0
Service Workers 4 1
Total 1,142 333
Previous Report Total 1,382 403
NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO
JOB CATEGORIES WHITE
BLACK OR AFRICAN 
AMERICAN
NATIVE HAWAIIAN OR 
PACIFIC ISLANDER ASIAN
AMERICAN INDIAN OR 
ALASKAN NATIVE
TWO OR  
MORE RACES
Male
Executive/Sr Officials & MGRs 98 2 0 6 2 1
First/Mid Officials &MGRs 905 39 0 59 6 1
Professionals 1,262 95 2 210 10 13
Technicians 294 30 1 19 5 4
Sales Workers 20 2 0 0 0 0
Administrative Support 57 15 1 4 1 1
Craft Workers 419 19 0 0 6 1
Operatives 1,286 182 3 14 16 12
Laborers & Helpers 4 1 0 0 0 0
Service Workers 16 11 0 0 0 0
Total 4,361 396 7 312 46 33
Previous Report Total 5,474 451 11 351 60 24
Female
Executive/Sr Officials & MGRs 23 0 0 0 0 0
First/Mid Officials &MGRs 230 23 0 27 0 1
Professionals 494 65 1 122 7 9
Technicians 72 22 0 7 0 0
Sales Workers 5 0 0 0 0 0
Administrative Support 207 51 1 15 2 3
Craft Workers 4 0 0 0 0 0
Operatives 33 9 0 1 1 1
Laborers & Helpers 0 0 0 0 0 0
Service Workers 3 3 0 0 0 0
Total 1,071 173 2 172 10 14
Previous Report Total 1,464 189 2 214 16 11
OVERALL TOTALS
JOB CATEGORIES OVERALL TOTAL
Executive/Sr Officials & MGRs 140
First/Mid Officials &MGRs 1,492
Professionals 2,691
Technicians 595
Sales Workers 28
Administrative Support 483
Craft Workers 571
Operatives 2,029
Laborers & Helpers 5
Service Workers 38
Total 8,072
Previous Report Total 10,052
7
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains forward-looking statements based on management’s current expectations relating to Oxy’s operations, strategies, outlook and business prospects. Words such as 
“estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “anticipate,” “progress,” “commitment,” “strategy,” “initiative,” “plan,” “seek,” “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” 
“aim,” “goal,” “target,” “objective,” “likely” or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes generally indicate forward-looking statements. You should not 
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Actual results may differ from anticipated results, sometimes materially, and 
reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance. In addition, historical, current and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on 
standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Factors that 
could cause results to differ include, but are not limited to: the scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic and ongoing actions taken by governmental authorities and other third 
parties in response to the pandemic; our indebtedness and other payment obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations and development 
initiatives; our ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance debt and the impact of changes in our credit ratings; assumptions about energy markets; global and 
local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations; development, financing and deployment of technology necessary to execute our strategies; having sufficient land and pore 
space and appropriate joint venture partners to execute our strategies; supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, our products and services; actions by the Organization 
of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil producing countries; results from operations and competitive conditions; future impairments of our proved and unproved 
oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of productive assets, causing charges to earnings; unexpected changes in costs; availability of capital resources, levels of 
capital expenditures and contractual obligations; the regulatory approval environment, including our ability to timely obtain or maintain permits or other governmental approvals; our 
ability to successfully complete, or any material delay of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or dispositions; risks associated 
with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected synergies, restructuring, increased 
costs and adverse tax consequences; uncertainties and liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses; uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, 
natural gas and natural gas liquids reserves; lower-than-expected production from development projects or acquisitions; exploration, drilling and other operational risks; disruptions to, 
capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems that deliver our oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations; general economic 
conditions, including slowdowns, domestically or internationally, and volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets; inflation; governmental actions, war (including the Russia-
Ukraine war), and political conditions and events; legislative or regulatory changes, including changes relating to hydraulic fracturing or other oil and natural gas operations, retroactive 
royalty or production tax regimes, deep-water and onshore drilling and permitting regulations, and environmental regulations (including regulations related to climate change); 
environmental risks and liability under international, provincial, federal, regional, state, tribal, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations (including remedial actions); 
Occidental's ability to recognize intended benefits from its business strategies and initiatives, such as OLCV or announced GHG emissions reduction targets or net-zero goals; climate 
change and other future macro events that cannot be predicted; potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation; disruption or interruption of production or manufacturing or 
facility damage due to accidents, chemical releases, labor unrest, weather, power outages, natural disasters, cyber-attacks or insurgent activity; the creditworthiness and performance of 
our counterparties, including financial institutions, operating partners and other parties; failure of risk management; our ability to retain and hire key personnel, including those with 
special expertise; supply, transportation and labor constraints; reorganization or restructuring of our operations; changes in state, federal or foreign tax rates; actions by third parties that 
are beyond our control; and the factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of Oxy’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and in Oxy’s other 
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Unless legally required, Oxy does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, as a result of 
new information, future events or otherwise. Targets and expected timing to achieve targets and strategies are subject to change without notice due to a number of factors. Inclusion of 
information in this report does not necessarily indicate such information is material to an investor in our securities.
ABOUT OUR GHG EMISSIONS ESTIMATES 
The estimated Oxy GHG emissions described in this report are derived from a combination of measured and estimated data using the best reasonably available information as of 
December 31, 2021. We use industry standards and practices for estimating GHG emissions, including guidance from the GHG Protocol, IPCC, SASB, U.S. EPA, API and IPIECA. We are 
engaged in an ongoing integration of Oxy and Anadarko processes and systems, including those with respect to equipment inventories and estimation or measurement of GHG 
emissions. During this effort, we have applied in this report what we believe are conservative assumptions about the number and type of emissions-generating equipment, which we 
expect to continue to refine as we develop more comprehensive emissions inventories. The uncertainty associated with Oxy’s emissions estimates depends on variation in the processes 
and operations, the availability of sufficient representative data, the quality of available data, and the methodologies used for measurement and estimation. Accordingly, we intend to 
continue to update our emissions estimates, in accordance with the GHG Protocol or other applicable standards, in the event of significant changes as additional data become available, 
we complete our physical inventory of emissions-generating equipment, or estimation methodologies are refined, and to reflect significant changes to Oxy’s assets, operations or 
emissions boundaries. Oxy has endeavored to estimate direct GHG emissions from our operations (Scope 1), indirect emissions associated with the generation by others of electricity, 
steam or heat that we purchase for use in our operations (Scope 2), and the three categories of emissions generated by others in our value chain (Scope 3) that we believe are most 
significant – downstream transportation and distribution of the products we make to our customers, processing and refining of our products by our customers, and use of our sold 
products by consumers. We are continuing to assess methodologies to estimate Scope 3 emissions, and currently believe the other Scope 3 categories are not significant to our total 
GHG inventory. Reporting of estimated emissions generated by others helps to evaluate the lifecycle emissions associated with our operations and products and to aid in expressing the 
magnitude of our emissions reduction and net-zero goals and ambitions and does not indicate an acceptance by Oxy of responsibility for such emissions.
 62
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Independent Assurance Statement to Occidental Petroleum Corporation
ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. ( ‘ ERM CVS’) was engaged by Occidental Petroleum Corporation 
(‘Oxy’) to provide assurance in relation to the greenhouse gas (‘GHG’) emissions data for the reporting years ended 
31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 set out below, and presented in the 2021 Climate Report and 
Sustainability Report (together the ‘Reports’).  
Engagement summary 
Scope of our 
assurance 
engagement 
Whether the following 2019 and 20
 
20
 data are fairly presented in the Reports, in all material 
respects, with the reporting criteria.  
 Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location- based))  from Oxy operated assets 
Reporting criteria 
American Petroleum Institute Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodologies for the 
Oil and Natural Gas Industry, 2009; IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 
2006
 
; 
US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule 
Assurance 
standard 
ERM CVS’ assurance methodology, based on the International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised).  
Assurance level Limited assurance. 
Respective 
responsibilities 
Oxy is responsible for preparing the Reports, and for the collection and presentation of the 
information within them. 
ERM CVS’s responsibility is to provide conclusions on the agreed scope
 
 
based on the assurance 
activities performed and exercising our professional judgement. 
Our conclusions 
Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the following 2019 and 2020 
GHG emissions data from Oxy operated assets are not fairly presented in the Reports, in all material respects, with the 
reporting criteria. 
 Total 2019 GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)): 27.65 million MtCO2e 
 Total 2020 GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)): 24.46 million MtCO2e 
 
Our assurance activities   
A multi-
 
disciplinary team of sustainability
 and assurance specialists performed a range of assurance procedures which 
varied across the disclosures covered by our assurance engagement, as follows:   
 Virtual interviews with relevant staff to understand and evaluate the data management systems and processes 
(including IT systems and internal review processes) used for collecting and reporting the selected data; 
 Virtual visits with OxyChem, USA
 
; Oxy
 Oman, Sultanate of Oman; and Oxy Permian EOR and Resources, USA facilities 
to interview relevant staff, discuss the reported facility-
 
level data
, and collect/review underlying documentary evidence; 
 Conducted a desk based review of source data for purchased electricity for selected plants within the Permian Basin, 
USA;     
 Performed an analytical review of the year-
 
over
 
-
 
year data and confirmation of
 calculations, conversion factors, and 
assumptions used; and  
 Reviewed the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Reports to ensure consistency with 
our findings. 
 
The limitations of our engagement 
The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, 
calculating or estimating the underlying information, and it is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this 
context. Due to travel restrictions relating to COVID-
 
19, our assurance activities consisted of desktop reviews of data and 
related information, and virtual meetings and interviews with Oxy personnel.  
 
 
 
 
 
Beth Wyke 
Partner, Head of Corporate Assurance  
3 March 2022 
ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc
 
 
www.ermcvs.com  
 
post@ermcvs.com
 
 
ERM CVS is a member of the ERM Group. The work that ERM CVS conducts for clients is solely related to independent 
assurance activities and auditor training. Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we 
undertake with clients is free from bias and conflict of interest. ERM CVS and the staff that have undertaken work on this 
assurance exercise provide no consultancy related services to Oxy in any respect.  
 63
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2020 EEO-1 REPORT 
ON U.S. EMPLOYEES
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITYCO=
U=
SECTION C - TEST FOR FILING REQUIREMENTSECTION B - COMPANY IDENTIFICATION
2.a.1.
SECTION E - ESTABLISHMENT INFORMATION
c.
SECTION D - EMPLOYMENT DATA
NOT-HISPANIC OR LATINOHISPANIC OR
LATINO * * * * * * * * * * * FEMALE * * * * * * * * * * ** * * * * * * * * * * * MALE * * * * * * * * * * * *
OVERALL
TOTALSTWO
OR
MORE
RACESNATIVE
ALASKAN
INDIAN OR
AMERICAN
ASIAN
ISLANDER
PACIFIC
OR
NATIVE
HAWAIIANBLACK OR
AFRICAN
AMERICAN
WHITE
TWO
OR
MORE
RACESNATIVE
ALASKAN
INDIAN OR
AMERICAN
ASIAN
NATIVE
HAWAIIAN
PACIFIC
OR
ISLANDER
BLACK OR
AFRICAN
AMERICAN
WHITEFEMALEMALE
JOB CATEGORIES
EXECUTIVE/SR OFFICIALS & MGRS
FIRST/MID OFFICIALS & MGRS
PROFESSIONALS
TECHNICIANS
SALES WORKERS
ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT
CRAFT WORKERS
OPERATIVES
LABORERS & HELPERS
SERVICE WORKERS
TOTAL
SECTION F - REMARKS
1021947
1021947 2020 EMPLOYER INFORMATION REPORT EEO-1
CONSOLIDATED REPORT
OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM CORP
5 GREENWAY PLAZA
SUITE 110
HOUSTON, TX 77046
OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM CORP
5 GREENWAY PLAZA
SUITE 110
HOUSTON, TX 77046
EIN= 954035997
1- Y  2- Y  3- Y     DUNS= 006908354
NAICS: 561210 - Facilities Support Services
8
152
272
106
1
17
119
463
0
4
1142
0
49
129
35
0
108
3
8
0
1
333
98
905
1262
294
20
57
419
1286
4
16
4361
2
39
95
30
2
15
19
182
1
11
396
0
0
2
1
0
1
0
3
0
0
7
6
59
210
19
0
4
0
14
0
0
312
2
6
10
5
0
1
6
16
0
0
46
1
1
13
4
0
1
1
12
0
0
33
23
230
494
72
5
207
4
33
0
3
1071
0
23
65
22
0
51
0
9
0
3
173
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
2
0
27
122
7
0
15
0
1
0
0
172
0
0
7
0
0
2
0
1
0
0
10
0
1
9
0
0
3
0
1
0
0
14
140
1492
2691
595
28
483
571
2029
5
38
8072
There are 36 employees (5 females and 31 males) who are not contained in the employee counts due to undisclosed race/ethnicity.
EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITYCO=
U=
SECTION C - TEST FOR FILING REQUIREMENTSECTION B - COMPANY IDENTIFICATION
2.a.1.
SECTION E - ESTABLISHMENT INFORMATION
c.
SECTION D - EMPLOYMENT DATA
NOT-HISPANIC OR LATINOHISPANIC OR
LATINO * * * * * * * * * * * FEMALE * * * * * * * * * * ** * * * * * * * * * * * MALE * * * * * * * * * * * *
OVERALL
TOTALSTWO
OR
MORE
RACESNATIVE
ALASKAN
INDIAN OR
AMERICAN
ASIAN
ISLANDER
PACIFIC
OR
NATIVE
HAWAIIANBLACK OR
AFRICAN
AMERICAN
WHITE
TWO
OR
MORE
RACESNATIVE
ALASKAN
INDIAN OR
AMERICAN
ASIAN
NATIVE
HAWAIIAN
PACIFIC
OR
ISLANDER
BLACK OR
AFRICAN
AMERICAN
WHITEFEMALEMALE
JOB CATEGORIES
EXECUTIVE/SR OFFICIALS & MGRS
FIRST/MID OFFICIALS & MGRS
PROFESSIONALS
TECHNICIANS
SALES WORKERS
ADMINISTRATIVE SUPPORT
CRAFT WORKERS
OPERATIVES
LABORERS & HELPERS
SERVICE WORKERS
TOTAL
SECTION F - REMARKS
1021947
1021947 2020 EMPLOYER INFORMATION REPORT EEO-1
CONSOLIDATED REPORT
OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM CORP
5 GREENWAY PLAZA
SUITE 110
HOUSTON, TX 77046
OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM CORP
5 GREENWAY PLAZA
SUITE 110
HOUSTON, TX 77046
EIN= 954035997
1- Y  2- Y  3- Y     DUNS= 006908354
NAICS: 561210 - Facilities Support Services
8
152
272
106
1
17
119
463
0
4
1142
0
49
129
35
0
108
3
8
0
1
333
98
905
1262
294
20
57
419
1286
4
16
4361
2
39
95
30
2
15
19
182
1
11
396
0
0
2
1
0
1
0
3
0
0
7
6
59
210
19
0
4
0
14
0
0
312
2
6
10
5
0
1
6
16
0
0
46
1
1
13
4
0
1
1
12
0
0
33
23
230
494
72
5
207
4
33
0
3
1071
0
23
65
22
0
51
0
9
0
3
173
0
0
1
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
2
0
27
122
7
0
15
0
1
0
0
172
0
0
7
0
0
2
0
1
0
0
10
0
1
9
0
0
3
0
1
0
0
14
140
1492
2691
595
28
483
571
2029
5
38
8072
There are 36 employees (5 females and 31 males) who are not contained in the employee counts due to undisclosed race/ethnicity.
 64
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GLOSSARY OF TERMS
A 
API: American Petroleum Institute. 
Trade association that represents all 
aspects of America’s oil and natural 
gas industry.
B 
Bbl: Barrel of oil. 1 bbl = 42 gallon,  
1 mmbbl = 1,000,000 bbl.
BOE: Barrel of oil equivalent is the 
energy released by burning one barrel 
of oil, and is used to express the energy 
contained in other hydrocarbon 
streams in barrels. For example, Oxy 
uses a conversion of 6,000 cubic feet 
of natural gas = 1 BOE. 1 mmBOE = 
1,000,000 BOE.
C 
CapEx: Capital Expenditures. Funds 
used by a company to acquire or 
upgrade assets such as property, 
buildings or equipment with the 
purpose of creating future benefits.
CHP: Combined Heat and Power.  
A power plant that, while generating 
electricity via a gas turbine, uses  
surplus heat to make steam to 
generate additional electricity via a 
steam turbine. Enhances the efficiency  
of the plant.
CNG: Compressed Natural Gas.
CO2: Carbon dioxide. 
CO2 EOR: Carbon dioxide enhanced 
oil recovery. Oxy is an industry leader 
in applying CO2 EOR, which can 
increase ultimate oil recovery by  
10 to 25 percent in the fields where  
it is employed.
CO2e: Carbon dioxide equivalent—
obtained by converting a mixture of 
GHGs to a single number based on the 
global warming potential of each 
individual GHG in the mixture. 
Condensate: Mixture of 
hydrocarbons that are in gaseous 
state under reservoir conditions and 
become liquid as the temperature 
and pressure is reduced.
CCUS: Carbon capture, utilization  
and storage.
CDP: A non-profit organization that 
manages a system for disclosing 
environmental impacts. Formerly 
known as the Carbon Disclosure 
Project www.cdp.net.
CH4: Methane or natural gas.
D 
DAC: Direct Air Capture. DAC pulls 
CO2 directly from the atmosphere and 
delivers it in a pure, compressed form 
so it can be used in processes like 
enhanced oil recovery to create 
low-carbon fuels and products or 
permanent carbon removal through 
carbon sequestration. DAC technology 
allows for collection of atmospheric 
CO2, making it a key solution for 
addressing difficult to capture, and 
historical, emissions.
DJ Basin: Denver-Julesburg Basin  
in the U.S. Rockies region.
E 
EOR: Enhanced Oil Recovery, a 
technique to increase oil production 
through the injection of water, steam 
or carbon dioxide. 
EPA: U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency. 
ESG: Environmental, Social  
and Governance. 
EV: Enterprise Value. Measure of a 
company’s value, calculated as market 
capitalization plus debt, minority 
interest and preferred shares, minus 
total cash and cash equivalents.
F 
FCPA: Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
G 
Generator capacity: The maximum 
output, commonly expressed in 
megawatts (MW), that generating 
equipment can supply.
GHG: Greenhouse gases—primarily 
comprised of carbon dioxide, methane, 
nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, 
perfluorocarbons, sulfur hexafluoride, 
and nitrogen trifluoride .
GoM: Gulf of Mexico.
H 
HSE: Health, Safety and Environment.
I 
IEA: International Energy Agency.
IPIECA: Originally, the International 
Petroleum Industry Environmental 
Conservation Association. Since 
2002, IPIECA is known as the “global 
oil and gas industry association for 
environmental and social issues.”
 65
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

M 
MCF: Thousand cubic feet. Standard 
unit for measuring natural gas.  
1 mcf = 1,000 cubic feet.
MMCfpd: Million Cubic Feet Per day.
Metric Ton (or Tonne (/mt):  
1,000 kilograms  
(approximately 2,205 pounds). 
MRV: Monitoring, Reporting  
and Verification.
MW: Megawatt. A measure of power 
generation or consumption capacity. 
One MW equals 1,000 kilowatts or one 
million watts.
MWh: Megawatt Hour. 1,000 times 
larger than the kilowatt-hour and is 
used for measuring the energy output 
of large power plants.
N 
NDCs: Nationally Determined 
Contributions under the Paris 
Agreement.
Net Zero: As defined by the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change, "net zero” balances 
anthropogenic GHG emissions to the 
atmosphere with GHGs taken out of 
the atmosphere. At Oxy, net zero 
means that we facilitate the 
reduction, capture, removal and 
storage of at least the same quantity 
of GHGs that are emitted directly 
from our operations (Scope 1), 
generated by others to create the 
power we purchase to conduct our 
operations (Scope 2), and generated 
by customers and consumers using 
the products we sell (Scope 3). 
NGLs: Natural Gas Liquids. Liquid 
hydrocarbons that are extracted and 
separated from the natural gas 
stream. NGLs produced include 
ethane, propane, butane and  
natural gasoline.
NOX: Nitrogen oxides, criteria air 
pollutant.
NPV: Total present value of a time 
series of cash flows reflecting 
revenues minus expenses using an 
annual discount rate.
P 
Permian Basin: A hydrocarbon-
bearing sedimentary basin largely 
contained in the western part of 
Texas and the southeastern part  
of New Mexico.
PV: Photovoltaic technologies, more 
commonly known as solar panels, 
generate power using devices that 
absorb energy from sunlight and 
convert it into electrical energy 
through semiconducting materials.
S 
SASB: Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board. Now known as  
The Value Reporting Foundation. 
Scope 1 Emissions: As defined by the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 1 or 
direct emissions are emissions from 
sources that are owned or controlled 
by the reporting entity.
Scope 2 Emissions: As defined by 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 2 
or indirect emissions are emissions 
that are a consequence of the 
activities of the reporting entity, but 
occur at sources owned or controlled 
by another entity such as the 
generation of purchased electricity, 
steam or heat.
Scope 3 Emissions: As defined by 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 3 
or other indirect emissions are 
emissions from the reporting entity's 
value chain, such as from the 
transportation, processing or use of 
products sold by the reporting entity, 
extraction and production of 
purchased materials and fuels, 
transport-related activities not 
owned or controlled by the reporting 
entity, electricity-related activities 
(e.g., transmission and distribution 
losses) not covered in Scope 2, waste 
disposal, etc.
SDGs: United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals.
SDS:  Safety Data Sheets. 
 
SEC: U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission.
SOX: Sulfur oxides, criteria air 
pollutant.
T 
TCFD: Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures. 
W 
WEF: World Economic Forum. The 
World Economic Forum is the 
International Organization for Public-
Private Cooperation. At the 2017 
Annual Meeting, CEOs from the World 
Economic Forum International 
Business Council issued the “Compact 
for Responsive and Responsible 
Leadership”, which states that “society 
is best served by corporations that 
have aligned their goals to the 
long-term goals of society,” and it 
identifies the UN SDGs as the 
roadmap for that alignment.
 66
CONTRIBUTING TO SOCIETY: OXY 2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Visit OXY.com for more information