2024
SUSTAINABILITY
REPORT  
Expanding with Purpose

Forward-Looking Statement 
This report includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
Forward-looking statements include certain projections, expectations or forecasts of future events, 
including matters relating to our merger with Southwestern Energy Company, our corporate strategy, 
our net-zero and other sustainability goals and plans. Forward-looking and other statements in this 
presentation regarding our environmental, social and other sustainability plans and goals are not an 
indication that these statements are material to investors or required to be disclosed in SEC filings. 
Forward-looking statements often address our expected future business, financial performance and 
financial condition, and often contain words such as “aim, ” “predict, ” “should, ” “expect, ” “could, ” 
“may, ” “anticipate, ” “intend, ” “plan, ” “believe, ” “seek, ” “see, ” “will, ” “would, ” “estimate, ” “forecast, ” 
“target, ” “guidance, ” “outlook, ” “opportunity” or “strategy. ” The absence of such words or expressions 
does not necessarily mean the statements are not forward-looking. 
Although we believe the expectations and forecasts reflected in our forward-looking statements are 
reasonable, we can give no assurance they will prove to have been correct. They can be affected by inac-
curate assumptions or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks 
or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary 
materially from those indicated. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected 
results include: negative public perceptions of our industry; the volatility of natural gas, oil and NGL pric-
es, which are affected by general economic and business conditions, as well as increased demand for 
(and availability of) alternative fuels and electric vehicles; supply chain constraints; drilling and operating 
risks and resulting liabilities; our need to secure adequate supplies of water for our drilling operations and 
to dispose of or recycle the water used; disruption of our business by natural or human causes beyond 
our control; a deterioration in general economic, business or industry conditions; our ability to achieve 
and maintain ESG certifications, legislative, regulatory and ESG initiatives, including those addressing the 
impact of climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring or water 
disposal; and other factors that are described under Risk Factors and other sections of our most recent 
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other filings with the SEC.

Table of Contents
Introduction 
Leadership Letter 4
Who We Are 5
Our Core Values  6
About Our Reporting 7
Sustainability Strategy and Highlights
Sustainability Oversight 10
Stakeholder Engagement 11
Forming Expand Energy 12
Governance 
Oversight and Accountability 14
Ethics and Integrity 15
Political and Trade Participation 16
Risk Management 17
Business Continuity 18
Physical Security 18 
Cybersecurity 18
Safety
Health, Safety and Environment (HSE)  
Management System 20
Workforce Safety 21
Process Safety  23
Asset Integrity  23
Contractor Safety Management  24
Emergency Preparedness and Response 24
Occupational Health and Well-Being 25
Environment 
Environmental Management  27
Emissions and Air Quality 29
Land and Biodiversity 32
Solid Waste Management  34
Water Management 35
Spill Prevention 37
49
Social
Our People  39
Supply Chain Management  42
Human Rights  43
Community Engagement and Investment 44
Philanthropy  47
Appendix
Data Tables  49
Content Indices  50

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  4
Our mission is big, our team is motivated  
and our portfolio is primed to seize  
opportunity. We invite your partnership as  
we grow upon the success of our first year. 
Domenic J. “Nick” Dell’Osso, Jr. 
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
A Letter to Our Stakeholders 
Excellence in the Ordinary
Expand Energy has exceptional operational standards, unwavering 
from our start. After merging two premier companies (Chesapeake 
Energy Corporation and Southwestern Energy Company) in 2024, our 
employees moved quickly to help ensure a seamless transition for 
our business partners, landowners and other stakeholders. As our 
community footprint grew as a merged company, we reaffirmed our 
commitment to strengthening and supporting our communities and the 
neighbors who allow us to operate on their land. 
When we ask our team to show up and do hard things, they deliver to the 
highest standard because that’s what it takes to maximize operational 
efficiency, environmental protection and workplace health and safety.
The world is short energy, which means for many, the world is also 
short opportunity. More than a billion people either lack access to 
electricity or struggle with energy insecurity due to high costs. These 
numbers are exacerbated by increasing population growth and rapidly 
evolving technological needs. Without a secure energy supply, we face 
a global crisis at a pivotal moment for human prosperity. 
Affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy drives progress, 
economic growth and socio-economic equality. Energy security 
improves quality of life and spurs innovation, encouraging societies 
to reach their full capabilities. 
Integrity in Every Action 
At Expand Energy, we believe that natural gas is the best positioned solu-
tion to deliver critical energy to global markets. We are America’s largest 
natural gas company and a leading producer globally, primed to expand 
energy access and accelerate opportunity. This is an ambitious purpose 
— one that motivates us every day at every level of our organization. 
As we built our sustainability program, we established five key funda-
mentals to shape our decision-making, steer our success and improve 
how we create value for all stakeholders. These fundamentals are 
cross functional — helping us mitigate and manage risk, strengthening 
the communities where we operate and encouraging the retention and 
recruitment of top talent, among many benefits. Delivering on these 
fundamentals advances our sustainable future as a company. 
Committed to Continuous Improvement 
We are seeing growing recognition of our team’s diligent execution of 
our business strategy. Shortly after our merger’s closure, the com-
pany achieved uniform Investment Grade rating by all three agencies 
(Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Ratings and S&P Global Ratings). In March 
2025, S&P Dow Jones Indices also affirmed our performance, adding 
EXE to the S&P 500.
 
Recognition matters, related to our performance and best-in-class 
portfolio, but it is our people who are our greatest asset. Safety is our 
priority and we challenge everyone on our worksites to ‘Own Safety, 
Lead Safety. ’ This tagline reminds us that we all play a role in safe 
operations and we must speak up if something is unsafe. I’m proud 
of the safety-first culture that we’ve built as we continue to embrace 
opportunities to improve our operations and protocols to help ensure 
that our workforce returns home safely each day.
Being a steward of the resources in our care is a responsibility we take 
seriously. In fact, it’s fundamental to our long-term business. Through 
the integration, we continued our commitment to net zero Scope 1 
and 2 GHG emissions by 2035. Our ability to continue to reduce the 
emissions associated with our production further showcases natural 
gas as a key resource in a lower carbon future.
Challenging the Status Quo
While no company can be a single-shot solution to the global energy 
security crisis, we believe Expand Energy will be a significant force 
for good. Our confidence comes from the strength of our team — we 
have the right people in place who are emboldened by our mission. By 
leveraging the expertise of our team, alongside our connected portfolio 
and resilient financial foundation, we will deliver sustained success. 
Our Sustainability Fundamentals 
 E nsure a safe and inclusive workplace,  
promoting collaboration and innovation 
 Take meaningful action to support community 
well-being 
 Implement environmentally sound operations 
that mitigate impact and protect ecosystems 
 Minimize emissions in support of delivering lower 
carbon energy to sustain economic progress 
 Provide transparent and measurable information 
encouraging accountability

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  5
Who We Are
Expand Energy Corporation is America’s premier natural gas company, committed to expanding America’s energy reach to fuel a more affordable, 
reliable, lower carbon future. The company is the largest natural gas producer in the U.S., one of the top producers globally and holds premier 
positions in top U.S. natural gas plays. Headquartered in Oklahoma City, the company also has a corporate office in Spring, Texas.
Strategic Pillars
Attractive,  
Connected  
Portfolio
Premium rock, returns, 
runway with access to 
premium markets
Peer-leading 
Returns
Most efficient operator 
with proven track record 
of delivering returns to 
shareholders
Resilient  
Financial  
Foundation
Investment Grade balance 
sheet provides strategic 
through-cycle advantages
Responsible 
Stewardship
Connecting affordable, 
reliable and lower carbon 
energy to markets in need
Spring Corporate Office
Haynesville
Southwest Appalachia
(SW App)
Northeast Appalachia
(NE App)
~5,500 gross wells operated 
~99% 
of daily production  
volumes are operated
 
20,800 Bcfe proved reserves 
~1,700 employees(1)
As of Dec. 31, 2024
Through a complementary portfolio of large-scale assets, access to premium and global markets, and the character and drive of our people, we 
strive to create long-term value for all stakeholders. 
•  For our employees, that means providing a safe and inclusive work culture. 
• For our shareholders, it means delivering consistent and resilient returns on capital. 
• For the communities in which we live and operate, it means acting with integrity and being respectful of the resources in our care.
We take pride in our ability to adapt and thrive through market cycles, and when necessary, disrupt conventional industry norms. Creating 
shareholder value demands a thoughtful corporate strategy, innovative leadership and strong governance.
Oklahoma City Corporate Headquarters
100% of Expand Energy’s portfolio is certified as 
Responsibly Sourced Gas (RSG), a designation  
that affirms that production has a low methane 
emissions intensity and minimized community  
and environmental impacts. 
(1)   Inclusive of approximately 200 employees temporarily  
assisting in our integration efforts.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  6
Our Core Values 
Expand Energy’s strategy is to create shareholder value through the responsible development of our significant resource plays while continuing to be a 
leading provider of natural gas to markets in need. 
Our company core values support our business objectives and drive our culture. They are the lens through which we evaluate business decisions and uphold 
our strategic ambitions and external commitments. These values guide our words and actions, helping to build a stronger, healthier Expand Energy.
Disrupt
Challenge the status quo  
to achieve better outcomes  
for energy consumers
Stewardship
Safety and environmental  
stewardship require excellence 
 in the ordinary
Character
Integrity in every action
Collaborate
Embrace diverse perspectives,  
confront the brutal facts, and  
speak with radical candor
Learn
Commit to continuous  
improvement through humility, 
 curiosity and constant learning

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  7
Identify 
Identify sustainability-related topics deemed potentially significant to the company 
Survey 
Understand the importance of each topic to the business and stakeholders by conducting survey 
Analyze 
Score and categorize results 
Check 
Validate the process and review with our Sustainability Council; affirm sustainability strategy 
Disclose 
Include in our sustainability report, climate report and/or on company website 
Monitor 
Continue to monitor the sustainability landscape for key and emerging issues
SUSTAINABILITY  
MATERIALITY  
ASSESSMENT PROCESS 
IDENTIFY
SURVEY
ANALYZECHECK
DISCLOSE
MONITOR
Specific to our performance targets, we remain committed to reducing 
our operational GHG footprint as driven by our Board of Directors and 
executive management team. We recognize the dynamic nature of 
the E&P sector and will enhance our pledges, corresponding with any 
change in our asset mix, emergence of new emissions monitoring and 
quantification technology, and stakeholder priorities.
Sustainability Materiality Assessment
Expand Energy conducted a sustainability-related materiality assess-
ment in 2025 to test and affirm our sustainability strategy from the 
perspectives of our stakeholders. With the help of an independent 
third-party organization, we used the assessment as an opportunity 
to engage with our stakeholders with the goal of better understanding 
their sustainability priorities for the company. 
The term ‘materiality’ has different definitions depending on the 
circumstance. We define ESG materiality, in alignment with Ipieca’s 
reporting guidance, as those issues that “in the view of management or 
stakeholders, affect a company’s performance significantly and inform 
external opinions. ”(1) 
Statements and disclosures made in this report, including with respect 
to the materiality or non-materiality of certain topics, are not an 
indication that these matters are or are not material to investors or that 
they are required to be disclosed in our filings with the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission. Our financial filings report on material 
risks as defined by regulatory requirements.
About Our Reporting
Expand Energy works to increase global energy access and energy 
security, addressing one of the greatest barriers to human prosperity. 
Maintaining a reliable and affordable supply of energy is foundational 
to economic and technological growth, improved living standards and 
societal advancement, among other benefits. 
This inaugural sustainability report builds on the strong foundation 
of transparent sustainability reporting established by our legacy 
companies. In this document, we review Expand Energy’s sustainability 
strategy and goals, programs and progress, and company commit-
ments. Unless otherwise stated, report content is inclusive of the 
combined company.
To best respond to diverse stakeholder interests, our disclosures are 
guided by several sustainability reporting standards and disclosure 
frameworks. These include: The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Stan-
dards, Ipieca’s Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary Sustain-
ability Reporting, ISSB / SASB Standards for Oil and Gas – Exploration 
and Production and AXPC’s ESG Metrics and Framework. 
An index that maps content to disclosures is available here. We also 
align our reporting with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) in our 2024 Climate Report.
Verified Performance Data and Targets
We hold ourselves to a high standard of accuracy and excellence in 
everything we do, including the content of this report. The data in this 
report is gathered and verified by a cross-functional team of subject 
matter experts, as well as our Internal Audit team and is believed to be 
correct at the time of reporting. For certain reporting elements, later 
revisions or changes in categorization could affect data and will be 
updated for accuracy on our website. 
Unless otherwise noted, the performance metrics included in this 
report reflect year-end 2024 operations and are inclusive of our 
combined assets. Although the data in this report is based on accepted 
methodologies and assumptions believed to be reasonable at the 
time of preparation, they should not be considered as guarantees, 
and may be subject to further revisions. Report content is reviewed by 
our Sustainability Council, our management and executive leadership 
teams, and our Board of Directors. 
Our 2024 Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, GHG intensity, methane inten-
sity, Employee Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR), Contractor TRIR and 
Combined TRIR (employee + contractor) were provided limited assurance 
by an independent third-party organization. In addition, our production is 
certified as Responsibly Sourced Gas (RSG), offering another layer of data 
assurance as part of the independent certification process. 
Based on the results of the assessment, we determined the below 
topics to be of the greatest significance to our business and our 
stakeholders: 
• Asset integrity 
• Community relations and community investments 
• Corporate governance and business ethics
• Cybersecurity
• GHG emissions
• Regulatory compliance
• Waste management
• Water and wastewater management
• Workforce engagement
• Workforce health and safety
The above list is not inclusive of all stakeholder or company interests or priorities. 
(1)   Ipieca, “Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry, ” March 2020. pg. 1.11.

2024 Expand Energy Sustainability Report  8
Sustainability  
Strategy and Highlights
Our employees work every day to expand energy access and security by producing the  
affordable, reliable and lower carbon energy the world needs. One of the company’s strategic 
pillars is Responsible Stewardship, as we believe sustainability-related performance is a key 
differentiator for our business. Our approach is guided by sustainability fundamentals, which 
are designed to enhance our position as an industry leader, the resilience of our business and 
our ability to deliver lasting shareholder value.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  9
Sustainability Fundamentals and Highlights
As we developed Expand Energy’s sustainability program, we started with a series of fundamentals to root our decision-making and tie sustainability 
performance to business strategy. We share these fundamentals below as well as some key activities that actualize these commitments. Our Portfolio: 100% RSG
Expand Energy’s portfolio is 100% certified as RSG. RSG is 
natural gas that is produced in a way that minimizes envi-
ronmental and social impacts and follows best practices 
for reducing emissions, safeguarding local ecosystems, 
and respecting local communities. A third-party organiza-
tion awards the RSG certification after an extensive review 
of company procedures and performance against the 
organization’s rigorous standards.
By the end of 2025, we will have transitioned all legacy 
assets to be under the same third-party RSG standards: 
MiQ (methane) and EO100™ (environmental and social). 
FUNDAMENTALS KEY ACTIONS
Ensure a safe and inclusive  
workplace, promoting  
collaboration and innovation
• Launched ‘Own Safety, Lead Safety’ initiative
•  Implementing serious incident and fatality (SIF) framework for incident reporting and analysis
• Executing our ‘Safe and Compliant Operations’ Policy
Take meaningful action to  
support community well-being
•  Accessible community engagement through dedicated, local teams and in-person 
neighbor meetings in our field operations
• Targeted community support through volunteerism and corporate philanthropy
•  Human rights policy defines standards for our operations and supply chain management; 
upholds UN’s Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
Implement environmentally 
sound operations that mitigate 
impact and protect ecosystems
•  Robust site assessment procedures and practices; identifying any environmentally 
sensitive receptor or cultural resource within the location’s proposed limit of disturbance 
•  Handled millions of barrels of fluids last year, containing more than 99.9% of all fluids 
handled
•  Recycle 100% of the produced water generated in NE App in addition to recycling produced 
water from other operators in the Marcellus
•  Remote surveillance capabilities installed across our operating areas allow us to 
remotely monitor our well pads and other facilities, improving environmental protection 
Minimize emissions in support  
of delivering lower carbon energy 
to sustain economic progress
•  Committed to net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2035
•  Robust leak detection and repair and monitoring programs; includes fixed methane sensors 
(>5,300 deployed), aerial flyovers and optical gas and imaging inspections
• Joined OGMP 2.0 for methane emissions reporting
Provide transparent and  
measurable information  
encouraging accountability
•  Transparent, sustainability-related disclosures including reporting metrics across multiple 
industry and other voluntary frameworks 
•  2024 AIP payouts capped target for all performance metrics if failing to achieve  
environmental and safety performance thresholds
•  Executive compensation program promotes environmental and safety performance
•  Code of Business Conduct defines ethical standards and responsibilities for all employees
Our Net Zero Target
Achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2035
Credibility 
and Transparency
Independent verification  
of processes with  
transparent disclosure  
of measurable progress
Innovation
Adopt technology and 
engage in partnerships  
and investments to support 
a lower carbon future
Advanced 
Emissions Assessment
Better understand our 
emissions profile  
and adopt consistent 
industry methodology
Operations  
Excellence
Utilize technology, best 
practices and energy 
efficient operations to 
reduce emissions

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  10
Sustainability Oversight
We recognize the importance of strong governance as we mature our 
sustainability strategy and work to continuously improve our sustain-
ability-related performance. Our effective sustainability governance 
architecture enhances accountability across our organization, helps to 
manage risk and ultimately drives long-term growth and value. 
Expand Energy’s Board Environmental and Social Governance (ESG) 
Committee is dedicated to sustainability oversight and advising the 
Board-at-large on emerging ESG issues. This committee provides 
leadership and strategic counsel on all aspects of the company’s 
sustainability performance, including employee health and safety, 
climate-related risks and opportunities, environmental performance, 
potential reputational and business risks associated with sustainabili-
ty, and stakeholder engagement.
Our Board ESG Committee is chaired by an independent Board mem-
ber and aims to meet at least quarterly. In 2024, the Committee had 
100% attendance at all meetings. This committee is also responsible 
for reporting to the full Board when sustainability matters, including 
climate, may inform or affect the company’s business objectives. 
While our CEO has ultimate responsibility for engaging with the ESG 
Committee and Board on priority ESG matters, Expand Energy’s 
management-level Sustainability Council is responsible for guiding the 
company’s sustainability strategy and executing day-to-day functions. 
Comprised of senior leaders across Investor Relations, Operations 
and Facilities, Corporate Development, Marketing, Human Resources 
(HR), Health, Safety, Environment and Regulatory (HSER) and Legal, the 
Council meets quarterly to discuss ongoing sustainability matters. 
This group approves current and future targets, monitors progress toward 
existing goals, and oversees sustainability reporting. Senior leaders with-
in this function also help to assess current and emerging ESG matters 
that may impact the company, its business, operations or performance, 
or are otherwise pertinent to the company and its stakeholders. 
Sustainability-related working groups, comprised of managers and 
individual contributors responsible for various sustainability operations 
across the organization, also meet as needed to discuss ongoing initia-
tives. These subject matter experts provide essential information about 
departmental-level practices that contribute to risk mitigation, as well 
as opportunities to limit our impact, improve operating structures and 
meet company goals. For example, one of our working groups focuses 
on the technical delivery of our GHG emissions reductions including 
aligning on cost-effective operational abatement opportunities. 
Tying Compensation to Sustainability Targets
Our executive and employee compensation program not only attracts 
and retains top talent but is uncompromising in its performance 
demands. We tie our compensation to certain performance indicators, 
including sustainability goals, to motivate our leadership and work-
force to drive positive environmental and social outcomes alongside 
financial successes. 
2024 Annual Incentive Program (AIP): 
•  Of the total target amounts payable under the 2024 AIP , 15% 
were based on the attainment of certain company-wide 
strategic leadership goals.
• Specific AIP performance goals included targets around 
SIF , methane intensity, Total Recordable Incident Rate 
(TRIR – employee and contractor), safety leadership 
engagement and GHG emissions intensity.
• Failure to meet environmental and safety performance 
thresholds caps the AIP payout at target for all other metrics 
regardless of results. 
More information can be found in our Proxy Statement.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
ACCOUNTABILITY AT ALL LEVELS
OPERATIONAL AND SERVICE GROUPS
BOARD COMMITTEES 
ESG Committee
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
SUSTAINABILITY COUNCIL
 Senior leaders across the company who provide oversight  
of sustainability performance and disclosures
SUSTAINABILITY WORKING GROUPS
Subject matter experts across multiple disciplines who  
help to implement the company’s sustainability strategy
64% of our Board has HSER and Sustainability expertise
Maggi Young is Expand Energy’s Director of Policy and Sustainability and 
cites collaboration as the core value that drives her work every day. 
What are your key responsibilities related to sustainability? 
I’ve been in Regulatory or External Affairs my entire career, and 
my sustainability-related work has been an extension of those 
two areas. In my current role, I’m helping to collaborate on our 
companywide sustainability strategy and guide our external 
sustainability disclosures and engagement. 
What guides our company’s sustainability strategy? 
Our sustainability fundamentals are our key tenets. These five 
overarching commitments drive our decision-making, shape how 
we operate and reflect our core values in action. We also have 
performance targets and our sustainability reporting that hold us 
accountable to these commitments. 
 
A successful strategy finds the balance between company culture, 
risk reduction, shareholder value and external stakeholder needs. 
I’ve seen a big shift from sustainability being a side project to one 
that is ingrained in how we operate.
How does your policy work overlap with your sustainability strategies? 
Oil and natural gas is a really interesting and complex case when 
it comes to the overlap between policy and sustainability strategy. 
Sustainability strategy helps hedge against future regulations. Our 
voluntary efforts, such as RSG certification, OGMP 2.0 and report-
ing in accordance with the TCFD framework, have also served to 
prepare us for a stricter regulatory environment while providing a 
consistent structure for sustainability reporting. 
 
I’ve experienced that strong and transparent ESG performance 
translates to credibility and leadership when we are engaging in 
policy work and legislative advocacy. As an example, a well-known 
environmental organization recently reached out to our team to 
discuss methane policy. They recognized Expand Energy as a leader 
on emissions reduction and a company willing to have conversa-
tions about how we can collectively support a lower carbon future. 
Maggi Young
Director, Policy and Sustainability

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  11
Stakeholder Engagement
We regularly collaborate with a diverse group of stakeholders to gather insights and feedback on key issues, emerging trends and best practices. 
Through these engagements, we also listen to specific stakeholder interests and concerns. 
Our management team also engages with existing shareholders and potential future stakeholders through targeted outreach and participation 
in various conferences and industry events. We use engagements as an opportunity to live out our core values, seeking opportunities to better 
understand our stakeholders’ needs and interests. 
The above list is not all inclusive or in priority order; many of these engagement activities are discussed more in-depth in their respective sections
STAKEHOLDER TYPE ENGAGEMENT FREQUENCY ENGAGEMENT TYPE ENGAGEMENT GOAL 2024 DISCUSSION TOPICS
Contractors and Suppliers Daily On-site safety meetings, certifications and trainings, supplier 
outreach, ethics helpline Mitigate supply chain risks and improve relationships with our partners Operational and financial performance, workforce training and development, 
on-site safety, RSG certifications, regulatory and policy compliance
Community and Owners 
(e.g. owners and neighbors in the counties and 
parishes where we operate; the OKC and HOU 
communities surrounding our corporate offices; 
local nonprofit)
Daily
Owner Relations, Community Relations and local team interac-
tions and in-person meetings, community meetings, emergency 
responder trainings, quarterly newsletters, philanthropic giving and 
volunteerism, ethics helpline
Align business decisions with stakeholder expectations and feedback, 
build trust and transparency within our communities 
NE App- and SW App-specific: Road conditions, royalty owner questions 
Haynesville-specific: Road wear and dust, on-site gate closures 
All: Ongoing operations and schedules, maintenance and reclamation repairs 
noise, community engagement, local hiring
Educational Institutions
(e.g. local schools in the neighborhoods near 
where we operate; colleges or universities with en-
ergy programs; colleges or universities researching 
topics relevant to our industry and operations)
Monthly School events, college internships, research participation and 
support
Bolster our recruitment pipeline, partner with local institutions to 
strengthen our community, participate in research opportunities that 
benefit the company and industry 
Industry introduction, recruiting and internships, emissions reducing technology 
research, scholarships and program funding
Employees Daily
Town hall and other leadership meetings, HR business partner 
interactions, trainings, performance management and professional 
development opportunities, intranet, ethics helpline, pulse surveys 
and annual engagement survey
Improve employee engagement and retention, better understand 
employee needs and feedback
Financial and operational performance, merger and integration, workforce 
health and safety, workforce training and development, retention, ESG 
performance (tied to compensation), Marketing and Commercial
Government and Regulatory Bodies
(e.g. local elected officials in the counties or 
parishes where we operate; local, state and federal 
regulatory agencies)
Regularly Meetings, fundraisers, agency interactions, Political Action 
Committee (PAC) activities, lobbying activities
Advocate for issues relevant to the company and our industry, work to 
maintain a strong external reputation Climate and emissions, industry consolidation, compliance, LNG
Industry Peers Weekly Industry forums and meetings, committee and board memberships
Better understand the needs, opportunities and concerns within our 
industry, form coalitions to advocate for issues relevant to oil and gas 
companies 
Advocacy and education, climate and emissions, environmental impact, 
workforce health and safety, workforce training and development (contractor 
management), climate and environmental disclosures
Investment Community
(e.g. company shareholders, institutional investors, 
analysts, ratings agencies)
Daily,  
as needed
Board and Investor Relations team contact, conference participa-
tion, quarterly earnings, Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
Create frequent and thoughtful touchpoints with stockholders to drive 
sustainable growth and affirm our strategic ambitions 
Financial and operational performance, merger and integration, climate and 
emissions, Marketing and Commercial, corporate governance / compensation, 
hedging, shareholder returns
Media Weekly,  
as needed
Press releases, social media, self-published materials, leadership 
interviews, Media team contact
Strengthen our reputation and community relationships, offer 
transparent lines of communication with external audiences 
Financial and operational performance, A&D activity, LNG, climate and 
emissions
Special Interest Groups
(e.g. trade association committees) Weekly Trade memberships and meetings, committee and board member-
ships, ESG ratings and reviews
Align on industry goals and advocacy efforts, understand and mitigate 
potential risks that may impact our business long term
Climate and environmental disclosures, governance oversight and risk, 
sustainability performance, public policy and regulatory compliance

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  12
Forming Expand Energy 
On Oct. 1, 2024, Chesapeake Energy Corporation and Southwestern 
Energy Company merged to form Expand Energy, America’s largest 
natural gas producer. Encouraging a successful integration of the two 
organizations was a priority for the company’s new leadership team. 
Reflective of our core values, we initiated a strategic and thoughtful 
integration plan that focused on recognizing employee needs, deliver-
ing synergies and maintaining the strengths of both legacy companies. 
A guiding principle of the integration was to achieve 
the ‘best of both. ’ One of the ways we delivered on this 
principle was to staff the integration leadership team 
using a ‘2 in a box’ approach, meaning representation 
from both companies in planning and decision-making. 
Oversight
Our Board created a new committee — the Integration Committee — to 
oversee and support the merger. This committee worked in partnership 
with our executives and the employee-led Integration Management 
Office (IMO) to help ensure the integration was executed effectively 
and to safeguard the long-term interests of our stakeholders. While 
the day-to-day integration work was handled by management and our 
IMO team, our Board helped to manage risks, monitor the integration’s 
strategic goals, and protect shareholder value and employee interests. 
Our Approach 
The IMO was formed in January 2024 to design and implement a com-
prehensive integration program. Led by Expand Energy Vice Presidents 
John Christ and Brittany Raiford, the team represented a cross functional 
group of high-performing leaders from both legacy companies. 
Collaborating closely with key stakeholders across the company, the 
IMO team oversaw the design and completion of thousands of planning 
and execution tasks and facilitated the hundreds of decisions needed 
before and during integration. The team’s objective was to minimize the 
operational impact of the integration process and to leverage the ‘best 
of both’ philosophy to create an organization that is stronger and more 
successful than its individual legacy companies. 
In the first 30 days after close, we prioritized communications across 
multiple channels to create a safe and positive experience for our 
employees, royalty owners and other stakeholders directly impacted by 
our operations. Key activities and successes during this time period: 
• Maintained strong safety standards across all operating areas 
• Launched new mission, vision and values
• Published a new website and intranet for direct stakeholder 
engagement 
• Integrated all employees across a single communications and 
file-sharing IT platform 
• Combined data in a central reporting system, enabling 
production reporting and data mapping 
• Streamed drilling telemetry data from all rigs into our Operations 
Support Center 
• Redirected legacy Southwestern produced water to owned 
water disposal assets or for downhole water reuse 
Following a strong start, the integration team continued its momentum 
through 2024 and into 2025. From adopting new systems to driving 
strategies, we were committed to communicating transparently with 
employees and being accessible for questions or feedback as to how 
we could improve processes. 
One of the key focuses of the IMO was organizational design and talent 
selection. IMO team members studied industry peers, reviewed bench-
marking and analyzed historical practices to ultimately recommend 
the optimal organizational structure for Expand Energy. This thoughtful 
approach informed the company’s talent selection, which reflected 
meaningful representation from both legacy companies. 
We recognized that changing our workforce to reflect our combined 
company would be one of the most difficult parts of the integration 
process. Our team focused on transparency and making decisions 
promptly out of respect for both legacy company teams. All employees 
received communications about their employment status within the 
first 30 days after close. As is our company policy, we offered out-
placement services and severance assistance to certain employees to 
support them following company separation.
Keeping Employees Engaged
Our people continue to be at the center of our integration. We recognize 
how difficult transition is and are committed to creating a unified culture 
at Expand Energy. Our HR team, with other internal partners, initiated 
employee engagement activities to foster collaboration and bolster 
morale. Examples of these activities include company-wide events, town 
hall meetings with leadership, leadership team building sessions and 
local charitable involvement.
Looking Ahead
For the remainder of 2025, we remain committed to delivering value for our 
shareholders by continuing to realize synergies and to support our employ-
ees in the transition. Priorities for the year include engaging and retaining 
employees, building and evolving our company culture, integrating our 
processes around common systems and enhancing our safety program, 
including transitioning the entire company to SIF reporting.
Chief Information Officer John Christ and Treasurer Brittany Raiford led the company’s Integration Management Office, working 
together to leverage the ‘best of both’ throughout our integration activities.
How would you describe your role in the integration?
B: I thought of our role as that of a facilitator. The team worked together to review every aspect of our business, and our responsibil-
ity was to ensure our wonderful integration team had the resources they needed to deliver on our important task. 
J: Brittany and I had to demonstrate what we wanted the culture of the Company to be and to exemplify the ‘best of both. ’ It was 
important for us to maintain momentum and excitement throughout the nine months of integration planning and to recognize that 
integration is challenging for all stakeholders. 
B: I’ll add that integration is not a sprint, and we recognized early the need to move with targeted purpose. For John and me, that 
meant ensuring progress toward our objectives at a steady pace. 
Was there a core value that guided your leadership during the integration? 
J: Collaborate is the core value that I saw us reflect most often. The entire integration process was focused around continuous 
improvement, answering the question ‘how can we take the best of both and incorporate it?’ We approached this uncharted 
territory with humility, curiosity and radical candor. 
B: I point to 3 values: learn, collaborate and disrupt. The ordering of those values was intentional as it reflects how we operated 
throughout the integration. 
As an integration team, we had to learn about each other first, specifically how each company was independently successful. 
Next, we collaborated in our ‘best of both’ approach to create a strong foundation from the start. This foundation set us up to 
disrupt. Challenging the status quo was a consistent theme in our integration work. 
What did you learn about the culture at Expand Energy and/or its employees through the integration process?
J: The two companies had more in common than was different. Also, right away we recognized that our employees are high 
performers who are all in — they work hard, they demonstrate grit and they’re curious. I think our employees are a key differentiator 
for Expand Energy. 
B: I’ll echo what John said, in that we immediately recognized culture similarities that carried over into the creation of Expand 
Energy. Both legacy companies were employee-focused and had strong safety cultures, which is reflected in how we operate today. 
I was impressed by the level of engagement and ownership that drove the success of integration. Expand Energy employees take a 
lot of pride in where they work, and it was evident in how they showed up throughout the integration process. 
John Christ
Vice President – Chief Information Officer
Brittany Raiford
Vice President – Treasurer

2024 Expand Energy Sustainability Report  13
Governance
Expand Energy is working to increase energy access to power our world, safely, 
ethically and sustainably. Driven by our core value of character, we maintain the 
highest standards of integrity and incorporate responsible oversight, recognizing 
that strong governance helps us to create value for all of our stakeholders.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  14
Oversight and Accountability
Our governance principles provide clear guidelines and ethical stan-
dards for operating. Expand Energy’s Board of Directors oversees our 
rigorous governance programs, providing guidance and accountability 
at the highest levels of our organization. Led by our CEO, our executive 
team is responsible for running the company’s day-to-day operations 
and managing our company culture under the Board’s oversight. 
Board Structure and Committees
Our Board is comprised of 11 directors, each chosen based on their 
expertise and industry knowledge. These individuals provide guidance 
and strategic advisory through our five Board committees. 
• Audit Committee
• Compensation Committee
• Environmental and Social Governance Committee
• Marketing and Commercial Committee
• Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
In 2024, Expand Energy introduced two new Board committees 
following the launch of the company. The Integration Committee, which 
had a limited timeline, successfully helped to oversee and usher in the 
merger of the two legacy companies. The Marketing and Commercial 
Committee was introduced upon closing, with the purpose of assisting 
the Board in overseeing the company’s strategies, policies and practic-
es relative to the marketing, trading, gathering, processing, storage and 
transportation of our products.
Following the closing of the merger, our Board adopted Corporate 
Governance Principles that serve, along with our charter and bylaws, 
as the governance framework for our company and our Board. From 
time to time, our Board may revise the company’s corporate gover -
nance principles in response to changing regulatory requirements, 
evolving best practices and the perspective of our shareholders and 
other stakeholders. 
Our independent directors meet in executive sessions as appropriate 
matters for their consideration arise, but not less than twice a year. As 
discussed further in our Proxy Statement, Expand Energy’s Board is 
elected annually by our shareholders. 
Dell’Osso
Duncan
Duster
Emerson
Gallagher
Gass
Johnson
Kehr
Konar
Steck
Wichterich
CEO or Board Chair Experience • • • • • • • • •
Energy Industry Experience • • • • • • • • • • •
Marketing, Trading and Transportation • • • • • • •
International • • • • • • •
Management of Large or Complex Organizations • • • • • • • •
Finance and Investments • • • • • • • •
Strategic Transactions • • • • • • • • • • •
HSER and Sustainability • • • • • • •
Enterprise Risk Management • • • • • • •
Human Capital Management • • • • • • •
Corporate Governance • • • • • • • • •
Cybersecurity Oversight and Technology • • • • •
Engaging with Our Board
The Board is steadfast in performing its responsibilities with  
accountability and transparency and welcomes the feedback  
of our stakeholders. The Board may be contacted via our:
 Director Access Line: 866-291-3401
 Ethics and Integrity reporting website
 Email: TalktoBoD@expandenergy.com
 Mailing address (attn: Corporate Secretary / Board):  
P .O. Box 18496, Oklahoma City, OK 73154
All forms of contact are promptly reviewed and forwarded to the 
appropriate contact at the Board level or within the company.
Executive Compensation 
Expand Energy’s compensation (remuneration) program is designed 
to align our management team’s incentives with the interests of 
our shareholders and to reinforce the company’s core values and 
long-term, returns-driven strategy. By linking named executive officer 
(NEO) compensation to rigorous financial and operational metrics, 
and strategic outcomes, our program enables us to attract and retain 
world-class talent while driving performance and accountability. 
Program highlights for fiscal year 2024 include:
• LTIP (executive): Paid entirely in equity, 75% of executive 
award value is linked to total shareholder returns  
• AIP (executive and employee): Aligns payout with the value 
drivers and discipline our shareholders value including 
environmental and safety excellence, delivering free cash 
flow, lowering per unit operating costs, enhancing capital 
efficiency and reducing base production declines
For more detail on our compensation practices, as well as a Q&A 
with our Compensation Committee Chair and our CEO to employee 
compensation ratio, see our Proxy Statement. 
Tenure
100% 5 years or less
2.9 Average tenure (years)
Age Diversity
58.5 Average age 
Board Refreshment
4  New Directors in 2024
Director Qualifications and Experience
All of our directors possess critical skills and backgrounds that bring im-
portant perspectives to the Board and help us reach our goal of creating 
long-term, sustainable value for our stakeholders. Their diverse experi-
ences and viewpoints contribute to more thoughtful decision-making, 
comprehensive oversight and, ultimately, stronger outcomes. 
As our industry faces increased global complexity and volatility, we recog-
nize the importance of having the right mix of skills, experience, perspec-
tives and backgrounds to lead our company through these challenges.
Board and Committee Diversity
36%   of director nominees are gender, racially, ethnically or nationality diverse
3 of 5   Committees Chairs are gender, racially, ethnically or nationality diverse
18%  Female 18%  Racially, ethnically or nationality diverse
100%  Independent committees
Independence
9  Independent Directors

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  15
Ethics and Integrity
Our company builds upon a foundation of ethical behavior and fair 
dealing by conducting our business with integrity, according to the 
highest ethical standards. Our General Counsel oversees issues relat-
ing to ethics and nonoperational compliance and our Chief Financial 
Officer manages Internal Audit, which is responsible for reviewing 
internal compliance with our ethical standards. 
Each Expand Energy director, officer and employee, regardless of posi-
tion, must abide by the company’s Code of Business Conduct (Code). 
Our Code covers topics such as conflicts of interest, human rights, 
sexual harassment, cybersecurity, bribery and corruption, antitrust 
matters, political matters and insider trading. Similarly, our Supplier 
Code of Conduct applies to all suppliers and contract security providers. 
All new employees review the Code during their onboarding process 
and each year employees must acknowledge their understanding of 
the Code and related policies. Beginning in 2025 and occurring annu-
ally, all employees are required to participate in interactive, web-based 
training courses on our Code. This training includes tests on team 
members’ understanding of our ethics requirements.
We encourage and expect employees to report conduct that may be 
unethical, illegal or in violation of the Code, and offer our Ethics and 
Integrity Helpline, an anonymous, third-party hotline and website, for 
confidential reporting. All reports of unethical business conduct are 
investigated and reported to appropriate levels of management and, as 
appropriate, the Board’s Audit Committee. Corrective actions are taken 
when necessary.
Our Non-Retaliation Policy (whistleblower protection) encourages em-
ployees to know their rights and duty to raise genuine concerns. Expand 
Energy does not retaliate against anyone who raises issues in good faith, 
cooperates with an investigation of a concern or refuses to carry out 
an instruction that would violate laws or our Code or our core values. 
Confidentiality is maintained to the fullest extent possible. Retaliation, or 
threats of retaliation, against employees or business partners will result 
in disciplinary action, up to and including separation.
ESG-Related Policies and Positions
During our integration period, our Legal and HSER team members 
reviewed every policy from both companies to help ensure we adopted 
rigorous company expectations.
 
Although not exhaustive, the below list highlights those policies and 
position statements relevant to significant ESG-related topics. Policies 
and positions that are available to external audiences are linked here.
• Anti-Corruption Policy 
• Antitrust Policy and Compliance Manual
• Biodiversity Stewardship Position
• Code of Business Conduct
• Conflict of Interest Policy
• Drug and Alcohol Policy
• Environmental Policy
• Equal Employment Opportunity Policy
• Gifts and Entertainment Policy
• Human Rights Policy
• Information Security Policy
• Insider Trading Policy
• Non-Retaliation Policy
• Protection of Expand Energy Assets Policy 
• Safe and Compliant Operations Policy
• Social Media and External Communication Policy
• Supplier Code of Conduct
• Water Stewardship Position
• Zero Tolerance Anti-Harassment, Anti-Discrimination and 
No Violence in the Workplace Policy
Anti-Corruption and Bribery 
Wherever we do business, we comply with all applicable anti-corruption 
laws. Bribery of any public official or government employee is strictly 
prohibited by our Code and company policy and is also illegal in the U.S. 
The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) makes it a criminal 
offense to bribe or offer to bribe a foreign governmental or political of-
ficial, either directly or indirectly, to obtain or retain business. Because 
our stock is publicly traded on NASDAQ, the FCPA also requires that 
Expand Energy maintain and keep records that fairly and accurately 
reflect our activities and transactions, and that we design and maintain 
an adequate system of internal controls. 
For more information, review our Anti-Corruption Policy, which 
addresses bribery and corruption as well as gifts and entertainment. 
Failure to comply with our policy could result in criminal and civil 
penalties against both the company and individuals involved. Any 
employee who violates this policy, orders another to violate this policy, 
or knowingly permits another to violate this policy will be subject to 
disciplinary action, up to and including separation. 
We conduct corruption (fraud) risk assessments on a regular cadence. 
We also work to ensure employees are complying with our Anti-Corrup-
tion Policy by conducting annual travel and expenses audits.
Chris Flanagan is our Area Manager in SW App. Born and raised in  
West Virginia, Chris is a 20-year veteran of the oil and natural gas industry. 
What does an average day look like for you? 
Every day looks a bit different for me. I am responsible for oversee-
ing day-to-day operations, ensuring safety standards, managing 
teams and driving efficiencies and productivity. I work alongside 
my direct reports who help manage planning, production, com-
munity affairs, engineering operations, facilities and all other area 
operations. I’m really lucky to be surrounded by an excellent team 
of self-starters that truly care about each other’s well-being. 
How do you define success for your team?
Success is having a shared commitment to bringing out the best 
in one another, demonstrating care and concern for each other, 
and prioritizing the well-being of every team member. By leading 
with integrity and trust, empowering others to be heard, providing 
value, having a sense of purpose and always striving for excel-
lence, we’re aiming to be the operator of choice — recognized as 
responsible, safe and efficient. 
Chris Flanagan
Area Manager, Southwest Appalachia

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  16
Expand Energy employees gather at an AXPC-sponsored event, 
meeting with Secretary of the Interior Doug Burgum to discuss the 
future of domestic energy production.
Political and Trade Participation
Expand Energy’s senior executives, along with our Regulatory and 
Government Affairs teams, manage the company’s engagement in the 
legislative and regulatory process with oversight from the Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board. 
We work proactively with elected officials, policymakers and other 
stakeholders to craft recommendations for laws and regulations that 
align with our high standards for responsible operations and that are 
effective and workable in practice. Across our operations, we interact 
with and engage in the political process through: 
• Employee Political Action Committee (PAC)
• Trade association participation
• State and Federal political consultants
We strictly adhere to Expand Energy’s high ethical standards and 
expectations when participating in the political process. All activities 
comply with applicable laws and regulations, promote the company’s 
interests and are made without regard to the personal political 
preferences of employees, officers and directors. 
Sound Policymaking
We support sound policymaking that is aligned with our 
business goals. To this end, we encourage policy that: 
• Is based on scientific research 
• Remains effective and equitable across 
regulated industries
• Recognizes the expected growth and need for 
modern, affordable energy, and 
• Is technology agnostic and encourages 
innovation and operational flexibility 
We endorse American Exploration & Production Council 
(AXPC)’s Climate Policy and Principles as a guide for our 
climate advocacy efforts, and support policy that facili-
tates meaningful GHG emissions reductions, balances 
economic, environmental and energy security needs, and 
promotes innovation. 
PAC Activity
Expand Energy sponsors a PAC that allows eligible employees to 
voluntarily contribute and promote candidates for public office who 
support our industry and sound energy policy. Our employee-run 
PAC Board is committed to educating, energizing and empowering 
our participating employees to become informed and engaged voters 
at all levels of government. PAC contributions and expenditures are 
disclosed in filings as required by law and can be accessed through the 
following organizations:
• Federal Election Commission
• Louisiana Ethics Administration
• Ohio Secretary of State
• Oklahoma Ethics Commission
• Pennsylvania Department of State
• Texas Ethics Commission
• West Virginia Secretary of State
The company encourages, but will never require or pressure, any 
employee or business partner to make personal political contributions, 
including to a company-sponsored PAC. We also will never take 
retaliatory action against or compensate anyone, directly or indirectly, 
for making any political contributions.
Lobbying and Trade Group Participation 
The company adheres to all federal and state lobbying disclosure laws, 
and we file publicly-available quarterly reports that describe issues 
lobbied and the amount spent on lobbying activity. To facilitate our 
bipartisan lobbying efforts, we partner with external lobbying services. 
Our engagement focuses on advocating for balanced energy policy 
that is science based, equitable across sectors and helps to deliver 
affordable and reliable energy. 
We’re also members of and actively participate in selective federal, 
state and local trade associations, chambers of commerce and advo-
cacy groups. In 2024, our company made non-political contributions 
to the Republican Governors Association, the Republican Attorney 
Generals Association and the Republican State Leadership Committee. 
Expand Energy works to promote policy that is in line with the beliefs 
of our trade association memberships; however, because trade groups 
represent a collective membership, their policy positions may vary 
from Expand Energy views. 
Our Government Affairs team reviews our trade association member-
ships at least annually, including how our viewpoints align with those 
of the organizations. Should we have a misalignment, we may try to 
resolve it through engagement, reduce our sponsorship or withdraw 
our membership. For more information on our public policy and 
government regulatory requirements, please see our 10-K. 
2024 Political and Advocacy Expenses
$107,200 PAC expenditures
~$4,400,000 Industry trade and advocacy(1)
$514,000 State lobbying(2)
$120,000 Federal lobbying(2)
As of Dec. 31, 2024; represents the full calendar year of activity
As Director of Government Relations, Matt Sheppard is a leading 
voice of advocacy for Expand Energy and the industry-at-large. 
He plays a pivotal role in shaping and advocating for sound 
energy policy at both the state and federal levels.
Beyond your advocacy role, how do you support Expand Energy’s 
corporate objectives?
I help ensure our teams across our footprint have the information 
they need to make informed decisions regarding future develop-
ment and strategic objectives. My primary goal is to keep Expand 
Energy ahead of the curve when it comes to policy developments, 
positioning the company to succeed.
You live and raise your family in Pennsylvania, where Expand 
Energy has a strong history. How does your personal background 
support your work?
It’s nice to live and work in Pennsylvania because natural gas plays 
such a significant role in the state’s economy and job market. 
When I’m advocating for the issues that matter to our company, 
I’m also fighting for the jobs and interests of people in my region. 
We bring this same community-minded approach to our work in 
the Haynesville and Southwest Appalachia too.
Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  16
(1)   National and state trade associations and chambers (contributions of $15,000+): American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC), Columbia Center on Global Energy Policy, Energy Future Initiative (EFI), GTI Energy, Independent Petroleum Association of America (IPAA), Louisiana Mid-Continent Oil and Gas Association (LMOGA), 
Louisiana Oil and Gas Association (LOGA), Marcellus Shale Coalition (MSC), National Association of Manufacturers (NAM), The Petroleum Alliance of Oklahoma, Pennsylvania Chamber of Business and Industry, State Chamber of Oklahoma, Texas Oil and Gas Association (TXOGA), The USLNG Association (LNG Allies), World 50 Inc, 
Gas and Oil Association of West Virginia (GO-WV), Ohio Oil and Gas Association (OOGA), Ohio Chamber of Commerce, American Petroleum Institute, National Petroleum Council, Appalachian Natural Gas Operators Coalition, Our Nation’s Energy Future (ONE Future), Louisiana Association of Business and Industry (LABI)
(2)  The majority of 2024 lobbying expenses were external.
Matt Sheppard
Director, Government Relations

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  17
MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT
Financial Risk Legal/Compliance Risk Strategic and Operational Risks
Corporate Accounting,  
Treasury and  
Internal Audit Departments
Legal and Compliance  
Departments 
HSER, Sustainability, IT and  
Operations Departments
Executive Committee and  
Operations Department
Principal responsibility for mon-
itoring financial risks, including 
financial reporting, internal con-
trol matters, insurance, liquidity, 
debt management, commodity 
and interest rate hedging and 
credit ratings
Principal responsibility for 
maintaining and monitoring 
compliance with all corporate 
policies and procedures, as well 
as legal and regulatory matters
Oversee and monitor compliance 
efforts related to safety and sus-
tainability risks, data governance, 
information systems and cyber 
security threats
Oversee and monitor strategic and oper-
ational risks affecting all aspects  
of our business
For more information about specific risks facing the company, see the “Risk Factors” section of our 10-K.
Risk Management
Measuring, managing and mitigating risk across our operations is fundamental to our organization’s long-term business strategy. 
A primary responsibility of Expand Energy’s Board and executive leadership is to help ensure processes are in place to identify, prioritize, assess 
and properly manage these risks. This includes risks and opportunities associated with climate change and other ESG-related topics (see our 2024 
Climate Report for more on our approach to climate-related risks and opportunities).
Leadership Risk Oversight
We follow a rigorous process to identify, measure, monitor and manage 
enterprise-level risk. Our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program 
and Enterprise Risk Assessment process incorporate feedback from 
employees representing different functions, levels and operating regions. 
This comprehensive approach supports a high level of visibility and ac-
countability throughout the company and incorporates multiple vantage 
points on risks. Our Director of Internal Audit and Chief Audit Executive 
leads our ERM program with oversight from our Chief Financial Officer. 
Through our risk assessments, we rank current risk drivers, provide 
context behind rankings and identify emerging risks. Each identified 
risk is assigned to at least one executive leader and one other 
cross-functional leader, who are then responsible for ongoing tracking 
of risk drivers and mitigations.
The ERM team meets at least quarterly to discuss and rate key risks 
based on their potential impact, which we define based on possible 
financial, reputational, safety and other impacts, as well as their 
likelihood and velocity, and to discuss mitigation strategies. This 
includes reassessing previously identified risks and identifying new and 
emerging risks, as well as the associated mitigants.
Relevant risks are linked to core ESG categories and regularly reviewed 
at the executive level to help ensure strategy alignment and appropriate 
risk response. The results of our ERM process are communicated to 
the Board at least annually. Our ERM process informs decision-making 
across the company, including related to acquisitions, investments and 
capital expenditures. 
During our ERM process, any risk owner can raise climate-related 
risk concerns, with ultimate climate risk ownership attributed to our 
External Affairs team. At quarterly meetings, relevant climate-related 
risks are reported to the Board’s ESG Committee under a broader 
category of sustainability. 
We use the Three Lines of Defense as our framework for risk manage-
ment, helping to ensure clear and comprehensive ownership of risk 
across our organization. Our three lines of defense include:
• Operational and Service Groups: Own and manage risk 
through regular reviews
• Internal Controls: Oversee risk and controls
• Internal Audit: Assures risk mitigation process; reports to 
the Board Audit Committee
Board of Directors: Oversees major risks
Audit  
Committee
Compensation  
Committee
Environmental and 
Social Governance 
Committee
Marketing and  
Commercial Committee
Nominating and Cor-
porate Governance 
Committee
•   Financial statements and 
reporting
•   Enterprise risk  
management
•  Independent auditor
•   Legal/regulatory compli-
ance
•   Internal audit
•   Hotline monitoring
•   Code of Business Conduct
•  Cybersecurity
•   Related party trans- 
actions and conflicts
•   Compensation programs 
designed to: 
     –   Promote responsible 
business decisions
     –   Align with shareholder 
interests
     –   Deter excessive risk 
taking
•   Executive and employee 
retention and development
•   Sustainability related risks
•   Corporate sustainability 
report
•   Regulatory trends and 
compliance
•   Scientific and technological 
developments
•   Environmental performance
•   Health and safety incidents
•   Human capital manage-
ment
•   Marketing, commercial and 
risk management strate-
gies, policies and controls
•   Marketing and transporta-
tion portfolio
•   Hedging and risk manage-
ment
•   Market fundamentals and 
developments
•  Board composition
•   Director independence
•   Leadership structure
•  Succession planning
•   Corporate governance  
policies and procedures
•   Shareholder engagement
•   Political spending and  
lobbying oversight
•  Capital budget
•  Reserves and resource development
•  Asset integrity
•  Financial strength and liquidity
•  Capital markets transactions
•  Safety and sustainability issues
•  Succession planning
•  Strategic transactions
•  Enterprise risk management
Identification
Assessment
Evaluation
Mitigation or Treatment
Monitor and Report
1
2
3
4
5
Risk Management Process

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  18
Business Continuity
If it’s determined that a risk requires mitigation, management develops 
and executes specific plans to reduce the risk to an acceptable level. 
Mitigation options include:
Our business continuity and disaster recovery programs are examples 
of Expand Energy’s enterprise-level risk mitigation controls. Through 
these programs, a cross-functional taskforce asseses the business 
impacts of certain risks and develops response and recovery plans to 
protect employees and maintain operations.
Should a risk escalate into an emergency, our Emergency Response 
Plan (ERP) provides employees with the framework and action steps 
critical for responding to an incident in a safe and efficient manner. 
We prioritize protecting people and the environment, minimizing 
impact, reducing operational losses and maintaining regulatory 
compliance. Our ERP is built on:
• Well-trained personnel responding in a tiered approach 
based on incident level
• An assessment of potential scenarios followed by drills to 
help ensure response readiness
• Engaged partnerships with local responders and professional 
emergency response contractors
• Scalable, flexible and adaptable operational capabilities
• A unified Incident Command
Physical Security 
Protecting our people and securing our assets are the goals of our 
security program. We monitor our on-site locations consistently for 
safety and security across our assets. Our on-site security personnel 
include Expand Energy employees as well as third-party partners, 
many of whom are off-duty or former law enforcement officers and 
first responders. These security team members have established 
relationships with local first responders, as well as state and federal 
officials, for a joint approach to keeping operating sites and surround-
ing communities safe. 
Site personnel (whether employees or contractors) must abide by our 
Code, Human Rights Policy and other policies governing health, safety, 
environment and regulatory expectations. These policies and procedures 
prohibit the possession or use of weapons, drugs or alcohol on company 
property and other undesirable or illegal workplace behaviors including 
money laundering and the financing of terrorism. 
Any employee or partner not following these policies, or otherwise 
threatening the safety of our operations, will be removed. Our areas of 
operations are regulated by U.S. law, mitigating material risks related to 
security threats, terrorism or armed conflict, and company attacks.
Security Services
Our security personnel offer a number of services to protect our 
co-workers and assets. These services include:
• Code investigations
• Commercial kickback prevention
• Conflict-of-interest management
• Data loss protection
• Drug and alcohol compliance
• Due diligence investigations
• Entertainment and gift compliance
• Fraud prevention
• Forensic auditing
• Internet threats
• Operations emergency call-in
• Personnel protection
• Physical security
• Risk management
• Site assessment and protection
• Supply Chain onboarding
• Theft prevention
• Travel compliance
• Workplace 
Cybersecurity
Cybersecurity threats present a large and growing risk to our business, as 
the energy industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technol-
ogies to conduct day-to-day operations. We respond with substantial due 
diligence and consistent monitoring to protect the confidentiality, integrity, 
and availability of our critical systems and information. 
Our Board’s Audit Committee oversees the implementation of our cy-
bersecurity risk management program and receives biannual updates 
on cyber threats, potential vulnerabilities and the proactive security 
programs in place to protect our operations. In addition, management 
updates our Audit Committee, as necessary, regarding any material 
cybersecurity incidents.
Our cybersecurity approach is built on a multilayered strategy mod-
eled after the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) 
cybersecurity framework and integrated into our overall ERM program.
The company’s cybersecurity risk management program includes, but 
is not limited to: 
• Risk assessments designed to help identify and address 
material cybersecurity risks to our critical systems and 
information
• A security team principally responsible for managing our 
cybersecurity risk assessment processes, our security 
controls and our response to cybersecurity incidents
• The use of external service providers, where appropriate, 
to assess, test or otherwise assist with aspects of our 
security processes
• Systems for protecting information technology systems and 
monitoring for suspicious events, such as threat protection, 
firewall and anti-virus software
• Cybersecurity awareness training for all our employees and 
contractors
• A cybersecurity incident response plan that includes 
procedures for responding to, escalating and reporting 
cybersecurity incidents
For more information on our cybersecurity protection measures, 
please reference our 10-K.
 Adopting or enhancing corporate policies
 Implementing new or enhancing existing procedures
 Developing contingency plans
 Adopting technology solutions

2024 Expand Energy Sustainability Report  19
Safety
At Expand Energy, each of us own safety to lead safety. That means we 
have a personal obligation to look after ourselves, protect our coworkers 
and support a safety-first culture. We recognize that our actions impact 
lives and take this responsibility seriously. This collaboration drives the 
decisions we make, informs the processes and controls we implement, 
and encourages the accountability we expect from each other.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  20
Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Management System
Expand Energy’s commitment to safety starts with our HSER and Operations Integrated Management System (‘management system’), Safe and 
Compliant Operations Policy, Environmental Policy and our Contractor Handbook. Targeted for contractors, our HSE-related handbook describes 
Expand Energy’s operational safety and occupational health and hygiene requirements for working on company sites. We also require that  
contractors have their own operating standards that meet or exceed regulatory requirements. 
Company policies underscore our commitment to protecting employees, contractors, communities and the environment in all areas where we 
conduct business. Every Expand Energy employee is responsible for the implementation of these policies and these policies are applicable to all 
on-site workforce, including contractors. 
Expand Energy’s comprehensive HSE management system covers all company operations and integrates policies, programs standards, training and 
audit procedures to support HSE and regulatory performance. It provides clear guidance on actions and processes for protecting health, safety and 
the environment and includes the planning and accountability needed to proactively identify and manage risk across the company’s operations. 
Our HSE management system guides us in identifying effective programs to continuously improve across the below categories.  
Different employee owners engage and lead in these areas, taking accountability for performance improvement.
Oversight
The Board provides oversight and risk management for HSE issues 
actively through its ESG Committee. This committee — which meets at 
least quarterly to address issues related to climate change, emissions, 
water resources, workforce safety and community concerns — holds 
senior management accountable for the company’s HSE performance.
Our safety and environmental managers report to our Vice President 
of Health, Safety, Environment and Regulatory (HSER), who reports 
to our Chief Operating Officer. These HSER leaders directly manage 
HSE strategies, issues and reporting to the Board. Reporting to each of 
these managers are specialized employees and teams responsible for 
targeted issues including air emissions, water, process safety, waste 
and other environmental issues, as well as regulatory and safety. 
In addition, our Vice President of HSER meets with the Board ESG Com-
mittee quarterly at committee meetings, reviewing HSE performance 
metrics, trends and significant incidents, including investigative findings 
and corrective actions. He also serves on our Sustainability Council, 
which advises the ELT on sustainability-related issues and strategy. 
HSER employees are embedded within our operating areas to support 
day-to-day HSER activities at the site level and help ensure employees 
comply with applicable safety and environmental standards. We ac-
tively engage our third-party contractors in HSE management, requiring 
them to comply with the standards set in our Contractor Handbook and 
their own HSER expectations. 
It is important to note that HSE performance is not the sole responsibil-
ity of dedicated HSER personnel — every Expand Energy employee and 
contractor is accountable for safety and environmental protection. To 
this end, we provide regular training and the necessary tools and con-
trols (applicable to employee jobs) to promote safe work environments. 
Environmental and Safety Audits and Inspections
Our HSE assurance process includes annual assessment of Expand 
Energy’s company and contractor operations. We share assessment 
and audit findings with field leadership and operational vice presidents 
who take and oversee corrective action as needed. Responsible parties 
are assigned these corrective actions and our HSER Compliance 
Assurance team tracks activity to completion. 
• Assessments: HSE team members visit sites to confirm 
internal compliance
• Audits: Specialized teams audit sites against 35 HSER 
standards and 25 operational standards on at least a 
five-year cadence; the team conducts an annual risk 
assessment to inform audit focus areas for the year  
• Regulatory: Local regulatory agencies inspect our sites  
on a regular basis
• Voluntary: Expand Energy also participates in voluntary cer-
tifications, such as EO100, that audit certain environmental 
and social impacts annually
 
In 2024, regulatory agencies conducted more than 8,000 inspections at 
Expand Energy sites as part of their routine industry assessments. As a 
result, we were issued 53 notices of violation (NOVs) — 9 administrative 
(paperwork related) and 44 non-administrative (defined as any fluid or gas 
release to the surface, waters or air or noncompliant biodiversity impacts).(1)
2025 HSER Focus Areas 
Creating an incident-free work environment starts 
with setting clear expectations among employees, 
contractors and suppliers regarding our environ-
mental and safety standards. 
For 2025, Expand Energy defined the areas below 
as the focus for our HSER program. In some cases, 
these focus areas are tied to compensation goals to 
further drive ownership across the organization.
 
• Enterprise-wide adoption of serious incident 
and fatality (SIF) and the IOGP Life-Saving Rules 
• HSER standards and training update
• Enhanced asset integrity
• Operational air emissions reduction
• Field leadership engagement
(1)  In 2024, Expand Energy paid less than $600,000 in NOV-related fines. These payments reflect activities in 2022 and 2023. 
HSE Management System 
Plan Do Check Act
Safety of All · Protection of Natural Resources · Operational Excellence and Continuous Improvement ·  
Dedicated Company Resources · Support of Industry Regulation
• Hazard analysis and  
risk management
• Training and  
competency
• Operational site 
design
• Contractor  
management 
• Environmental, social  
and governance 
• Emergency  
management 
• Safe work practices
• Environmental 
management
• IOGP Life-Saving Rules
• Incident management  
and investigation
• Safety and  
environmental audits 
and inspections
• Monitoring, records  
and documentation
• EHS management  
system review
• Leadership, culture 
and accountability
• Process safety
• Asset integrity
On-site personnel wear gas monitors as a hazard prevention tool.  
These monitors alert workers if air quality is compromised.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  21
Job Safety Analysis (JSA)
Expand Energy performs JSAs to identify and 
mitigate potential exposures, assess risks and 
specify the controls for non-routine or high-risk 
tasks (such as those defined by the Life Saving 
Rules) at the worksite. JSAs are communicated 
to all workers involved in the job at the manda-
tory pre-job safety meeting.
Workforce Safety
Own Safety, Lead Safety. It is our goal that every employee and contractor operate safely and return home safely from work each day. We establish 
and implement strict safety standards and thoughtfully follow our Safe and Compliant Operations Policy, prioritizing the well-being of our employ-
ees, partners and neighbors. 
Our safety-first culture is championed by our Board and executive leadership, owned by every employee and contractor, and modeled by our HSER 
team. We also tie our safety performance (both employee and contractor) to the company’s compensation program for added accountability.
Integrated Safety Management  
Supported by our HSE management system 
Training  
requirements
Safety performance 
metrics and analysis
Hazard identification 
tools and checklists
Emergency  
response plans
Safety standards  
and procedures
Behavior-based safety 
observations
We measure our safety performance using a range of leading (e.g. Stop Work Authority and Good Catch instances) and lagging (e.g. TRIR, DART and 
MVAR rates) indicators. Leading indicators, help drive continuous improvement in our safety performance, while lagging indicators help us assess 
the success of our safety management efforts. 
2024 Safety Performance Integrating SIF Potential
Working to ensure that everyone goes home safely each day requires own-
ership from every individual working at an Expand Energy location. From 
its start, Expand Energy adopted SIF indicators as markers of our safety 
program to better pinpoint where company resources should be allocated 
to prevent fatal, life-altering or life-threatening injuries or illnesses.
 
By measuring and studying those events that could be life-altering, we can 
drive impactful improvement through targeted training and the implemen-
tation of critical controls. Our SIF awareness training includes three levels 
of workshops: Executive Leading with Safety, Safe Align, and Making Safe 
Decisions. In 2025, all relevant employees and contingent workforce will 
be trained in SIF .
 
Field verification of critical controls (FVCC) is also an essential step in our 
SIF program. Through FVCC, we affirm that SIF prevention controls are 
not only in place but functioning as intended in real-world conditions. A 
supervisor or manager initiates and verifies these control checks for an 
added layer of leadership accountability.
Adopting IOGP Life-Saving Rules
At the end of 2024, we adopted the Life-Saving Rules (LSRs) from the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP). These LSRs repre-
sent best practices in the oil and gas industry, fostering alignment between our employees and contractors while promoting clear communication 
and expectations. 
Having a set of consistent, industry-standard LSRs helped to build and streamline our safety-first culture. The LSRs represent our highest-risk tasks 
and should be identified prior to starting work. If an LSR is present in a job task, it should be addressed with a Job Safety Analysis (JSA) and there should 
be a confirmed control in place prior to beginning work. 
In 2025, we continue to communicate LSRs through our safety moments and in safety meetings and trainings. For every incident that occurs, we 
confirm if a life-saving rule was involved for root cause analysis and key learning. 
Stop Work Authority
Every individual on an Expand Energy job site 
has the responsibility and authority to stop 
work on-site immediately — without reper-
cussion — if a safety or environmental risk is 
perceived. Once work is stopped, the risk is 
assessed and either eliminated or mitigated.
Good Catch 
Through our Good Catch program, employees 
and contractors submit outstanding HSER 
performances or instances when Stop Work 
Authority was used to address a concern. 
Submissions are pulled for trend analysis and 
to share lessons learned. 
LIFE-SAVING RULES
Bypassing Safety Controls
Obtain authorization before overriding  
or disabling safety controls
Confined Space
Obtain authorization before entering  
a confined space
Driving
Follow safe driving rules
Energy Isolation
Verify isolation and zero energy  
before work begins
Hot Work
Control flammables and ignition sources
Line of Fire
Keep yourself and others out of the line of fire
Safe Mechanical Lifting
Plan lifting operations and control the area
Work Authorization
Work with a valid permit when required
Working at Height
Protect yourself against a fall  
when working at height
Employee TRIR
Employee LTIR
0.05
0.28
Contractor TRIR
Contractor LTIR
0.03
0.11
Combined TRIR  
(Employee + Contractor) 
Combined LTIR  
(Employee + Contractor) 
0.03
0.13

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  22
As part of our HSER program, we analyze recordable incidents by 
category. This analysis allows us to target future trainings around the 
most common recordable incident types. 
2024 TRIR Incidents by Category
Expand Energy’s training philosophy values contractor training in the 
same manner as employees. We design contractor training to align as 
much as possible with employee training, which encourages syn-
chronized knowledge sharing that is critical to decreasing cumulative 
incidents. We also provide trainings for emergency response groups 
and certain suppliers. 
Training
Every year our HSER team plans targeted training based on safety per-
formance analysis, job functions and location specifics. Our training 
program includes a mix of in-person and virtual training, with greater 
emphasis on in-person instruction, and includes all employees.
In 2024, we averaged 8.5 hours of HSE training  
per employee. 
2025 HSE Training Program Snapshot – Annual Required Trainings
EMPLOYEE LEVEL COURSE OR PROGRAM
Office, Field and HSER • Emergency action plan
• Fire protection
• Hazard communication 
• Waste management awareness
Field and HSER • Hydrogen Sulfide safety
• Energy isolation 
• NORM awareness
• Spill prevention control and 
countermeasures plan
Field • Medic, first aid and CPR  
(every 2 years)
Under Josh Lawrence’s leadership as NE App Area Manager, 
the NE App Production team turned wells on and off more than 
1,600 times (and counting) without an incident. Plus, 20 of his 
employees had a driving score of 99 or above. 
What are your job responsibilities at Expand Energy? 
I lead a multi-discipline team of approximately 150 people that 
develops natural gas in six counties across NE PA. My team is 
responsible for a large range of work including all pad construc-
tion, road construction, surface facility construction, production 
of 2,300+ wells, fresh and produced water management, and all 
associated maintenance for these activities.
Which core value resonate with you most? 
I resonate with stewardship most. I believe that everything we do 
is only valuable if our personnel and the public are protected and 
safe. My goal as the leader of this team is to ensure we protect 
our people, the environment and our assets. To be sustainable 
and welcomed into the communities we operate in, we must keep 
these values at the forefront of everything we do. 
Supporting Short Service Employees 
We also recognize the importance of supporting short service employ-
ees (SSEs), or employees with less than six months of experience, in 
their initial on-the-job training and performance. Our field teams host 
mentoring programs that pair SSEs with more tenured employees. 
During this mentorship, SSEs receive supervision while performing 
daily field activities and directed training. 
At our Sayre, Pennsylvania, field office, we host a training facility with 
a comprehensive equipment setup that enables new employees to 
learn about Expand Energy’s facility design, operational standards and 
processes from well to pipeline. The facility contains equipment an 
employee is likely to encounter in the field and each piece is labeled 
and accessible in a controlled environment.
Driver Safety
Most of our fleet drivers spend time daily behind the wheel of a motor 
vehicle. We work to improve motor vehicle safety through driver 
education and driver monitoring. 
Expand Energy fleet drivers participate in the Smith System driving 
program, which offers hands-on training similar to driver’s education 
and defensive driving curriculum. After the training, employees begin to 
acquire consistent habits that help prevent accidents. Expand Energy 
adopted forward-facing cameras for all company fleet vehicles, which 
encourages immediate behavior modification and notifies manage-
ment of recurring problems. 
Supervisors are provided with regular reports on driver safety per-
formance. Employees are also enrolled in a driver safety incentive 
program in which they receive quarterly awards based on their driver 
scores. Negative driving behaviors reduce scores while positive behav-
iors, including performing preventive maintenance, are rewarded. 
Expand Energy drivers logged approximately 161 million 
miles in 2024 (full year). Our motor vehicle accident 
rate (MVAR) was 1.74 per million miles. 
This list is not exhaustive of all trainings
   Slipped, tripped or fell
   Hit by a moving, falling or fixed object
   Contact with moving machinery, harmful substance,  
 or animal
   Handling, lifting or carrying
   Release of stored energy
8%
12%
38%
4%
38%
Josh Lawrence
Area Manager, Northeast Appalachia

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  23
HSE Protection Controls
We regularly review and enhance our HSE controls for continuous 
improvement. Below are the controls we have in place in order of 
protection level.
Image by: NIOSH 2021
Investigating and Learning from Incidents 
Should an incident occur, we have a commitment to learn from it and, 
where appropriate, improve our processes. Following an incident or 
near miss, Expand Energy performs an assessment to determine the 
necessary level of investigation and if a SIF potential occurred. 
 
We also utilize Root Cause Analysis methodology to standardize our 
reporting and analysis, including determining causal factors and where 
and what improvements are needed. 
 
Each week, Operational and HSER leaders review incidents to under-
stand the root cause and implement corrective actions that strengthen 
the management system. To communicate the findings, HSER gener-
ates a Safety Share for employees. All significant incidents are reported 
to the Board ESG Committee and the Board-at-large when relevant.
Process Safety 
Unlike general workplace safety, which focuses on occupational 
hazards, process safety aims to manage the integrity of our operating 
systems and procedures. It involves analyzing safety and environmen-
tal risks, designing safeguards, maintaining equipment and preparing 
for emergencies to prevent incidents.
Process Safety Components
• Asset integrity
• Contractor management
• Emergency response
• Engineering design
• Incident investigations
• Management of change
• Operational audits
• Pre-startup safety review
• Procedures and training
We identify and recognize risk exposure in several ways, most notably 
through our Good Catch initiative, on-site inspections and audits, and 
data trend analysis. After tracking near miss, SIF potential incidents 
and process safety events, we analyze them to apply key learnings 
across our operations. We define a near miss incident as an unplanned 
event that didn’t result in an injury, illness or damage, but had the 
potential to do so; a SIF potential has a similar definition but at an 
elevated risk level.
Asset Integrity 
Our asset integrity programs are incorporated into our overall process 
safety management. Asset integrity focuses on the prevention of SIFs 
related to the operation of facilities and infrastructure by helping to 
ensure facilities stay inherently safe  to operate. There are four primary 
pillars to help prevent equipment failures and unplanned releases: 
• Design integrity: Site and equipment designs that comply 
with industry technical and safety standards; hazards are 
‘designed out’ and robust controls are ‘designed in’ when 
hazards cannot be eliminated
• Technical integrity: Quality assurance and control system 
that validate new equipment is manufactured to meet 
design and operational integrity requirements and installed 
according to codes and standards
• Operational integrity: Confirmation that equipment is 
functioning within the appropriate operating envelopes and 
preventive maintenance programs are in place 
• Pipeline integrity: Industry best practices for preventive 
maintenance of pipelines, using chemical treatment, 
cathodic protection, coupon monitoring, and mechanical 
pigging to mitigate possible releases; monitoring pipeline 
includes using internal corrosion coupon monitoring, water 
analysis and cathodic protection surveys
Damage from excavation-related activities is a leading cause of pipe-
line incidents. To prevent third-party damage, we encourage the public 
to call 811 to have pipelines and other utilities marked before digging. 
In the states where we operate, Expand Energy participates in ‘one call’ 
systems by registering our underground utilities and responding to one 
call line location requests.
We review and update our integrity strategies at regular 
intervals and adjust maintenance and inspection strat-
egies accordingly. Also, we support our asset integrity 
program with other operational practices that work to 
monitor for and prevent leaks, releases and spills.  
 
For more information, please visit the following report 
sections: Leak Detection and Repair, Spill Prevention and 
Emergency Preparedness and Response.
Elimination
Substitution
Engineering Controls
Administrative  
Controls
PPE
Physically remove  
the hazard
Replace the hazard
Isolate people  
from the hazard
Change the way  
people work
Protect the worker with  
Personal Protective Equipment
Hierarchy Controls
Least 
effective
Most 
effective

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  24
Contractor Safety Management 
Maintaining a safe work environment and supporting safe behaviors 
is a commitment that our employees and contractors own together. 
We hold each other accountable for keeping our sites, workforce and 
communities safe. To further ensure accountability, we tied contractor 
safety to our employee compensation metrics. 
From the start of a relationship with Expand Energy, contractors must 
pass a qualification process including an evaluation of each potential 
contractor’s safety and environmental record. We use an online 
contractor management platform during the hiring process and for 
ongoing monitoring, which reviews and verifies contractor regulatory, 
environmental and safety-related requirements and documentation. 
Before approval, the prospective contractor must also agree to abide 
by Expand Energy’s Supplier Code of Conduct.
Our contractors agree to:
• Honor our core values
• Observe our Code and all HSER laws, regulations and 
permit requirements
• Report and take immediate steps to correct all accidents, 
injuries, unsafe or unhealthy work conditions
• Provide a safe and healthy workplace for all employees
• Prohibit harassment, violence, weapons or drug or alcohol 
use on-site
• Report concerns to Expand Energy through any number of 
outlets, including our ethics helpline
Once approved, Expand Energy contractors complete both an industry 
recognized orientation course and an Expand Energy-specific safety 
orientation before they arrive at a company location. The orientation sets 
clear safety expectations in accordance with industry-standard safety 
guidelines and establishes minimum requirements for HSER practices. 
Each year, we review and revise this orientation to verify methodolo-
gies, comply with new regulations and identify improvements. We also 
regularly review our HSE Handbook, which outlines the basic safety 
and environmental requirements that personnel must follow when 
working on our locations. 
To further emphasize our commitment to safety, we host safety 
meetings during which our Operations staff tailor safety discussions to 
the operational areas where contractors are working. We also conduct 
contractor assessments in the field. These assessments, coordinated 
with our Operations teams, confirm that our contractors are reporting 
their safety performance accurately. If a contractor’s safety program 
doesn’t meet our minimum standards, they receive disciplinary action 
that could include terminating their work with Expand Energy. 
Supporting First Responders 
We recognize that a strong emergency response plan is further strengthened with a prepared local first responder team. For this reason, and to 
show our appreciation to the men and women who serve our local communities, we offer a number of partnership opportunities:  
• Relationship Building: Members of our Emergency Preparedness and Response group and Operations teams interact regularly with 
local responders to understand department capabilities and establish partnerships.  
• Training: We also offer information sessions covering drilling, completions and production site equipment, potential hazards and key 
industry terminology to provide valuable safety awareness for first responders. This training often includes site visits to all phases of our 
operations and discussion of the various scenario types they might encounter. 
• Resources: Many of our operational sites are served by rural, often volunteer, fire departments. Given their limited resources, we donate 
financially to meet local department needs and enhance community safety. Recent donations include support for the Trout Run Volunteer Fire 
Company (PA) following major flooding due to Tropical Storm Debby and a donation to the Marshall County Emergency Management agency 
(WV) to purchase new equipment for local fire departments.
SW App Safety Team Turns Incident into Learning
In 2024, our SW App team experienced an incident 
due to the failure of a load securement strap. The local 
team responded by encouraging a company-wide load 
securement and lifting straps audit. 
The inspection led to the replacement of certain straps 
and additional contractor compliance communications. 
Also, our HSE team shared information about this 
incident with peer operators and business partners to 
prevent similar incidents across the industry. 
Emergency Preparedness and Response
As part of our robust emergency response plan, Expand Energy utilizes 
the National Incident Management System (NIMS), a nationwide 
incident response template, to work cooperatively with local, state and 
federal agencies in the event of an emergency, regardless of location. 
NIMS also allows for the integration of facilities, equipment, personnel 
and communications to create common processes for planning and 
managing resources, all of which expedites the emergency response. 
Field employees are trained in NIMS level 100 and 200 to provide a 
clear understanding of their responsibilities in an emergency. We 
also develop and prepare specialized teams of employees — Local 
Emergency Response Teams — to assume command and control of 
an incident safely and efficiently. All of our emergency response teams 
made up of highly trained HSER, Security and Operations employees 
who are ready to respond in the event of an emergency.
Also, our Expand Security Center monitors severe weather in our 
operating areas and sends mass notifications of inclement weather to 
impacted employees. The Center, with the assistance of a third-party 
weather team, evaluate risks such as tornadoes, winter storms and 
hazardous road conditions that may impact the safety of our workforce. 
For significant operations and in case of emergency, Expand Energy 
HSER representatives are on-site 24/7 until the operation is complete.
HSE Supervisor Colby Finton leads a team safety training with the Caddo Fire District 4 (LA).

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  25
Occupational Health and Well-Being
Supporting the well-being of our employees is essential to our safety-first 
culture. We champion healthy lifestyles and offer resources encouraging 
our employees to put their health first.
Industrial Hygiene
Through our industrial hygiene program, we conduct exposure assess-
ments to identify chemical, physical and biological stressors that may 
impact employee health while on a job site. These evaluations, which align 
with OSHA standards, have helped us identify the below stressors that 
have potential to be at certain sites. After identifying exposure hazards,  
we develop situational plans and training to best protect our employees:
• Diesel particulate matter
• Hydrogen sulfide
• Hydrocarbons
• Inorganic acids
• Noise
• Respirable crystalline silica
• Respirable dust
Specific to noise, we have requirements for limiting noise exposure. 
Noise surveys are conducted as needed to identify high-exposure 
areas and determine employee exposure levels and required hearing 
protection. We develop noise protection plans and take other mea-
sures to understand and mitigate impacts on local residents. 
Proactive Wellness and Preventive Care 
Expand Energy offers a wide range of benefits to encourage proactive 
wellness and a healthy lifestyle. Our health and welfare programs include 
medical, pharmacy, dental, life insurance and disability plans for our 
employees and eligible dependents who enroll. Additional specialty 
benefits include a health savings account or flexible spending account and 
a Teladoc membership, allowing employees to connect in minutes with a 
board-certified physician.
From a safety perspective, our HSE team highlights certain activities 
and actions for preventive care. For example, during the summer, the 
team trains on heat stress prevention and hydration. Last year the 
company introduced the use of hydration logs to help ensure field 
employees start the day hydrated and document their water and 
electrolyte intake throughout the day. 
Mental Health Management
Our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) is a foundational component 
of our benefits package, supporting our employees’ emotional and 
mental wellness. All employees have access to our EAP from the first 
day of employment, regardless of their health insurance plan. 
Employees and their dependents each receive eight free, confidential 
counseling sessions per year. Our EAP also provides referrals to 
help employees and their families cope with different life stages and 
challenges, such as prenatal planning, child or elder care, financial 
guidance and resources and legal support. It also provides access to a 
self-care library for help with sleep, meditation and stress-relief and an 
eLearning platform to build strategies to help improve well-being. 
Expand Energy offers programs and policies to promote job satisfaction 
and help employees manage stress. These training initiatives provide 
employees with the tools, techniques and skills to navigate emotions 
with confidence and positive results. We also offer employees a 
personal well-being day every year. This additional floating holiday 
empowers employees to pause, relax and recharge whenever it is 
needed most during the year.
Work-Life Balance and Workplace Flexibility
We believe that workplace flexibility helps optimize professional 
success and gives our employees added time and energy for life’s re-
sponsibilities. Our ‘Work for Your Day’ policy, as described more in our 
Social section, empowers employees to choose their work locations 
based on their department needs, workloads and schedule. 
Departments schedule regular collaboration days in the office to 
support our workplace culture and grow team relationships. Employ-
ees also have autonomy to flex their schedule as needed.
Supporting Families
Through our inclusive benefits, Expand Energy focuses on supporting 
our working parents and employees who want to expand their families. 
• Parental Leave: We offer up to four weeks of paid parental 
leave for all employees in addition to the short-term disability 
benefit available to birth mothers. Of our parents who took 
parental leave, 97% returned to work (15% female, 34% male). 
• Adoption Assistance: The company covers $20,000 in 
qualified adoption expenses and offers parental leave to 
adoptive parents.
• On-Site Childcare: On our Oklahoma City corporate 
campus, Expand Energy offers one of the only employ-
er-sponsored childcare facilities in the state. 
• Dependent Care Flexible Spending Account: Employees 
may contribute tax-free to a flexible spending account for 
expenses related to caring for children under the age of 13 
and/or disabled dependents of any age. 
• Child Care / Elder Care Referral: Our EAP offers a free, 
confidential referral service to research and advise on child 
and elder care.
Named an Adoption Friendly Workplace
In May 2024, the Company was named a Top 100 Best 
Adoption Friendly Workplace for the second consecutive 
year. We also ranked first in the energy and utilities industry. 
“We are so proud to once again be recognized for our 
family friendly benefits, ” said Toni Parks-Payne, Vice 
President of Human Resources and Employee Services. 
“We are dedicated to empowering and supporting  
employees in all areas of their lives, and this honor  
underscores our commitment to their well-being. ”
Brandee McCarthy, Sr. HSE Representative, spent nearly 15 years 
at the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality (LDEQ) 
before transitioning to work for the oil and natural gas industry. 
How does your LDEQ background inform your work at  
Expand Energy? 
During my years at the LDEQ, I became familiar with many of the 
rules pertaining to remediation. This background helps me ensure 
that our business procedures are effective and comply with envi-
ronmental regulatory criteria. I also have relationships with agency 
staff should I have additional questions or need reassurance. 
 
I believe I have been able to help Expand Energy’s remediation 
procedures become more efficient while still adhering to the 
necessary legal requirements.
HSER as a specialty includes many functions and responsibilities. 
In your role, how do they work together?
When all facets of HSER are in tandem, we create safer workplaces. 
 
For example, I support the team in conducting comprehensive 
evaluations of workplace hazards, which helps to prevent both 
environmental and safety incidents and better comply with our 
regulatory requirements. Expand Energy uses real-time monitoring 
technologies and advanced safety analytics for hazard detection. 
These improvements have aided in the early detection of equip-
ment problems and allow us to proactively coach our employees 
on best practices for a safer work environment.
Brandee McCarthy
Senior HSE Representative

2024 Expand Energy Sustainability Report  26
Environment
We believe natural gas is a long-term, responsible energy solution that balances the 
challenges of climate change, energy security and demand growth. Our approach to 
environmental stewardship is driven by technical and operational excellence and an 
innovative culture, supported by our comprehensive HSE management system. By 
prioritizing sustainable practices, we reduce our environmental footprint while help-
ing to ensure reliable, affordable energy for communities worldwide.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  27
Environmental Management 
Expand Energy is committed to respecting the natural resources in our 
operations, reducing our environmental footprint and complying with all  
applicable laws and regulations, as detailed in our Environmental Policy.  
This policy applies to all Expand Energy employees and contractors. 
 
Supporting this policy is the company’s HSE management system — 
designed to identify and address risks within our day-to-day operations 
and maintain a level of consistency across our operating areas. It also 
offers a structured process to evaluate and improve our business. 
We conduct regular environmental assessments and audits, as well as 
require our contractors and business partners to attest to their compli-
ance with our policies as driven by our HSE management system. As 
outlined in our Supplier Code, suppliers must share our commitment 
to a safe and healthy workplace and conduct their operations in an 
environmentally responsible manner. 
The Supplier Code, which includes a dedicated section to environmen-
tal standards, mandates regulatory requirements and reporting and 
empowers suppliers to use their Stop Work Authority if there is a real 
or perceived threat to the environment during operations. Suppliers, 
inclusive of contractors and other business partners, who violate the 
standards in our Supplier Code or do not comply with our HSE manage-
ment system, will be investigated and could be terminated. 
Collaborating for Environmental Progress 
We work alongside peers, NGOs and academic institutions to enhance our company’s and the industry’s understanding of environmental impacts 
and performance. Many of these partnerships focus on reducing emissions, leveraging collaboration and knowledge sharing to drive innovation and 
advance sustainable solutions more effectively. Our partnerships include: 
Colorado State University (CSU): CSU’s Methane Emissions Technology Evaluation Center (METEC) researchers create conditions similar 
to what oil and natural gas producers face at their production sites, then intentionally create controlled methane leaks and test methane 
sensing technologies to determine effectiveness.
Columbia University Center for Global Energy Policy (CGEP): An academic consortium that brings together public, private and academic 
partners for global energy thought leadership.
Department of Energy (DOE): Grants to address and reconcile variations in methane emission estimates, working toward more accurate 
methane emissions inventories for improved goal setting and mitigation strategies.
EO100™: A set of performance standards that represent leading industry practices for site-level ESG performance; our partner for Respon-
sibly Sourced Gas (RSG) certification.
GEODE Consortium: Collaboration funded by the U.S. Department of Energy Grant to develop a roadmap addressing technology and knowl-
edge gaps in geothermal energy.
GTI Methane Emissions Inventory Project: Supported by Expand Energy data and operator expertise, GTI Energy uses funding from the DOE 
under the Innovative Methane Measurement, Monitoring and Mitigation Technologies (iM4) program to implement the Veritas measurement and 
reconciliation protocols to generate a detailed measurement-informed methane emission inventory of the Haynesville Basin.
MiQ Standard: An independent framework that grades an operator on methane emissions management; our partner for RSG certification.
ONE Future: Coalition of more than 55 companies working to reduce methane emissions to less than 1% across the natural gas value chain.
Restore and Replenish: Our freshwater-related conservation projects focused on restoring ecosystem services and returning fresh 
water to the local environment (in partnership with regulatory agencies such as the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, Pennsylvania 
Department of Environmental Protection and West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection).
The Environment Partnership: An industry collaboration; members agree to six environmental performance programs to further reduce 
emissions of methane and VOCs.
The Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0: The flagship oil and gas reporting and mitigation program of the United Nations 
Environment Program (UNEP), the only comprehensive, measurement-based international reporting framework for our sector.
Deirdre Shepherd, Air Manager, works every day to manage and 
mitigate the company’s air emissions.
Your team is currently implementing an enterprise-wide carbon 
accounting platform. What does this entail and why is it important?
When the company transitioned from a compliance-driven 
approach to a more proactive stance on GHG emissions reduction, 
it was essential to rethink our carbon accounting program. The shift 
meant we needed to track emissions at a much more granular level 
than before. 
Integrating all assets into this new, more detailed framework is 
a critical part of the process. This involves consolidating various 
source systems that track information such as equipment at our 
locations, which could be sources of emissions, and harmonizing 
our record-keeping processes and emissions database across 
both companies. This integration is key to ensuring a unified and 
accurate approach to tracking, managing and reducing emissions.
As a key partner in Expand Energy’s RSG certification process, how 
have you seen RSG certification impact the company’s processes 
and procedures?
The RSG certification process, with its annual audits and site visits 
to a percentage of our locations, has had a significant impact on 
the company. 
It has helped foster a sense of shared responsibility for emissions 
across the organization. Employees at all levels are more aware of 
our goals and commitments, and there’s a clear understanding that 
everyone plays a role in ensuring EXE is a responsible operator. 
The RSG certification has become a catalyst for greater account-
ability, aligning our processes and procedures with the broader 
vision of sustainability and emissions management.
Which core value resonates with you most?
The core value that resonates most with me is Character, particu-
larly the emphasis on integrity in every action. For me, character 
is the starting point — it shapes how we interact with others and 
ultimately determines the quality of our relationships and actions.
Deirdre Shepherd
Manager, Air Compliance

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  28
DRILLING COMPLETIONS PRODUCTION
• Drill pipe standards include layers of protective steel casing and cement
• Standard wellbore construction guidelines (often regulatory)
• Monitoring by on-site Drilling team and Operations Support Center (24/7) 
• Industry best practices for well integrity and chemical use
• Evaluation of necessity of each chemical additive and if alternatives exist
• Standards to not use diesel / BTEX in any concentration within our hydraulic 
fracturing chemistries and prioritize using dry friction reducers 
• Supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) monitors pressure in wells and 
vessels, liquid levels in tanks and valve positions 
• Company-design standard requires new steel storage tanks to be internally 
coated to resist corrosion 
• Tanks built according to API standards and ASME environmental safety standards
• Sacrificial anodes to protect our metal equipment or structures from corrosion
• Cathodic protection to safeguard buried equipment including flow lines and 
pipelines
• Tanks coated with a protective primer and paint layer and placed on gravel rings 
or other elevated bases 
• Comprehensive leak detection and repair (LDAR) program for on-site monitoring 
and aerial detection
• SCADA monitors pressure in wells and vessels, liquid levels in tanks, valve 
positions and well downtime
Environmental Protection During Key Operational Stages

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  29
STRATEGIES IMPLEMENTATION
Advanced Emissions Assessment 
Better understand our emissions  
profile and adopt consistent  
industry methodology 
• Track and ingest data from emissions monitoring technology 
• Partner with industry peers and third parties to continuously improve the accuracy 
of emissions inventories 
• Progress in OGMP 2.0 Initiative reporting
Operations Excellence
Utilize technology, best practices  
and energy efficient operations to 
reduce emissions 
• Continue to evolve efficient facility design 
• Retrofit pneumatic devices 
• Reduce well venting from liquids unloading 
• Fuel drilling and completions fleets with diesel-alternative fuels, where feasible 
• Deploy alternative technology (e.g. aerial methane detection and fenceline 
monitoring) to enhance LDAR 
Credibility and Transparency 
Independent verification of  
processes with transparent  
disclosure of measurable progress 
• Partner with a third party to verify emissions data (as part of a larger ESG data audit) 
• Participate in RSG certification process that includes third-party validation of data 
processes 
Innovation 
Adopt technology and engage in  
partnerships and investments to 
support a lower carbon future
• Execute on carbon capture opportunities 
• Engage in partnerships with peers, nonprofits and academic institutions working to 
enhance methane detection and emissions reduction technologies
• Build a framework that measures the risks and opportunities to existing operations, 
including the abatement cost per metric ton of CO2e (prioritizing the projects that are 
commercially viable)
Emissions and Air Quality
We believe that natural gas is fundamental to addressing the intertwined challenges of climate change and energy security. Expand Energy is well 
positioned to help secure both domestic and global energy needs and to accelerate the role of natural gas as a foundational energy source for a lower 
carbon future. Our approach to lowering the risks of climate change and reducing GHG emissions is a central element of our business strategy. 
Governance
Our climate governance includes accountability and ownership at every level, from our Board of Directors to the employees who impact our 
operations every day. 
Expand Energy’s Board has ultimate oversight of our strategy, planning and engagement around climate change and its related impacts. Our Board’s 
ESG Committee takes active ownership in engaging with our executive team and organizational leaders to manage and mitigate climate-related risks. 
 
Our CEO and leadership team direct the company’s climate performance, setting the strategic direction and holding our business units account-
able. Our management team works together to champion climate-related efforts, and their individual responsibilities help ensure comprehensive 
coverage and planning related to this important issue. 
Other targeted employees, including our Sustainability Council and several departments with dedicated climate-related job responsibilities, work 
to execute our emissions reduction strategy. 
METRIC 2024
Enterprise Scope 1 GHG emissions (million metric tons CO2e)  1.77
Carbon dioxide (million metric tons)  1.35
Methane (million metric tons CO2e)  0.41
Enterprise Scope 2 GHG emissions (million metric tons CO2e)  0.02
Enterprise Scope 1 and 2 methane emissions intensity (volume methane emissions / volume gross natural gas produced)  0.02%
Haynesville  0.024%
NE App 0.015%
SW App 0.026%
Enterprise Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity (metric tons CO2e / gross operated mboe produced)  2.8
Haynesville  2.2
NE App 2.8
SW App 3.4
Emissions estimate developed under the EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (operated onshore production).
Transparency in Reporting
Since 2018, Expand Energy has reported on our climate-related risks and opportunities, discussing the company’s resilience in a lower carbon future. 
Our analysis provides transparency to stakeholders in alignment with the TCFD framework. To read more, view our 2024 Climate Report. 
Our Approach to Achieving Net Zero
At Expand Energy, we firmly embrace a lower carbon future, recognizing the need for a thoughtful and strategic balance of stakeholder needs. It is 
our goal that our lower carbon, responsible sourced production fuels global energy markets.
We are committed to achieving net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2035 and in our pursuit we are allocating capital and dedicating resources to 
meaningful, economic emissions abatement. Our reduction approach is holistic, recognizing the opportunities for improvement across our operations 
and operational lifecycle.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  30
Monitoring and Managing Emissions
In pursuit of our emissions reduction targets, we are dedicated to 
reducing our GHG emissions and transparently reporting our progress. 
A key component of this strategy is reducing methane emissions and 
maintaining the methane emissions reductions already implemented. 
Our integrated approach to managing and reducing emissions is 
comprehensive and includes:
• Complying with state and federal regulatory requirements
• Layering leak detection technologies for emissions identifi-
cation, repair and prevention
• Increasing efficiency and reducing emissions through 
engineering design and asset integrity
• Working with third-party organizations to implement holistic 
emissions monitoring, verification and reconciliation programs
Leak Detection and Repair (LDAR)
We use a variety of on-site and remote detection and emissions 
monitoring technologies that provide consistent surveillance of our 
operations. While many of these programs focus on detecting and 
reducing GHG emissions, they have beneficial effects in reducing other 
emissions or pollutants within the same operations. 
 
Emissions Detection Methods – All Facilities
100% of our operational production facilities were 
surveyed for potential methane leaks in 2024.
 
Following detection meeting alarm criteria through our fixed monitoring 
system, a lease operator performs an on-site visit and usually repairs 
the leak. If the leak can’t be identified or repaired by the lease operator, 
we bring in a technician with an OGI camera. Most of our certified OGI 
inspectors have training that gives them the knowledge and authority to 
repair certain leaks immediately. 
To uphold the integrity of our equipment, we initiate and manage 
maintenance activities through our Enterprise Asset Management 
software application. This program allows for the centralized man-
agement of equipment and asset data and offers a standardized work 
order system. Creating such consistency across our operating areas 
increases accountability for maintenance activities and provides data 
for trend analysis and preventive improvements to our sites. 
Emissions Measurement
Expand Energy uses a carbon accounting program to enhance our 
processes and functionality for calculating annual GHG emissions per 
the EPA GHG Reporting Program. This program offers more rigor to the 
accuracy and increased frequency of GHG emissions data to better 
support how we evaluate and report our emissions. By utilizing a more 
accurate emissions reporting system, we can more effectively comply 
with both regulatory and voluntary reporting standards and map 
emissions reduction strategies.
Fixed Monitoring  Optical Gas Imaging (OGI) 
Inspections  Aerial Flyovers  Audio, Visual, Olfactory (AVO) 
Inspections
• 24/7
• ~5,300 devices 
• Fixed fenceline methane 
sensors continuously 
monitor; aim to locate 
source of emission  
within 24 hours 
• Annual or as required by  
local regulatory agencies
• ~6,500 inspections 
conducted in 2024
• Visualize leaks not detected 
by unaided sense; direct 
maintenance
• Biannual
• ~5,900 site scans 
performed in 2024 
• Holistic snapshots of 
source-level methane 
emissions 
• Weekly or monthly,  
location-dependent
• Human (not technology) 
driven
We also joined the OGMP 2.0 initiative for enhanced methane emis-
sions reporting. By partnering with OGMP , we are working to improve 
the accuracy and transparency of our methane emissions data. Our 
goal is to align with OGMP 2.0’s ‘gold standard’ of reporting — showing 
an explicit and credible path to the required reporting levels (in a 
required period) as defined by OGMP . 
 
Since signing our Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), we have been 
working on an implementation plan for measurement-based reporting. 
As such, we are in line with OGMP’s recommended multi-year timeline 
as defined below: 
Year 0
Join OGMP 2.0 Complete
Year 1
Submit credible implementation plan and 
report Level 3
In Progress
Year 2
Report Level 3 and optional revised implementation plan
Year 3
Report at Level 5 for operated material assets and Level 3 for 
non-material assets
Year 4
Report at Level 5 for operated material assets and Level 3 for 
non-material assets
Year 5+
Report with all material operated and non-operated assets  
at Level 5
Flaring
Because natural gas is our main product, our goal is to hold natural gas 
flow until we have takeaway capacity. We have minimal to no routine 
flaring (per AXPC’s definition) of associated natural gas released from 
the initial stage of separation after the wellhead. We work to reduce 
non-routine flaring to the maximum extent feasible. A low level of oper-
ational flaring may be necessary during certain aspects of oil and gas 
development such as in the development of delineation or exploratory 
wells that help determine the quality of a reservoir. Flaring may also 
be necessary to maintain safe operations or as otherwise required by 
federal or state regulations. 
We use fixed monitors for 24/7 detection of methane emissions on our sites.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  31
Conventional Air Pollutants
Expand Energy’s operations produce emissions from both venting and combustion of fuels used. As a result, our emissions profile is a mix of GHGs 
and conventional air pollutants. We monitor and assess the magnitude of these emissions, which are regulated by the EPA and state regulatory 
agencies. In NE App, we deployed an enhanced monitoring program that tracks on-site emissions starting prior to our operations through the first 
six months of production. 
Our NE App risk-based monitoring focuses on PM2.5 and BTEX compounds, comparing against National Ambient Air Quality Standards (NAAQS), other 
regulatory limits and local air monitors to understand impact against background levels. Results are integrated into our Operations Support Center with 
monitoring capabilities and processes in place to respond to any sustained overage above regulatory thresholds. Clean Air Engineering, a third-party 
environmental engineering firm with expertise in air monitoring, collects and reviews our monitoring data for quality assurance.
 
2024 Emissions Inventory (metric tons)
Volatile Organic  
Compounds (VOC) Nitrogen Oxide (NOx) Sulfur Oxide (SOx) Particulate Matter (PM2.5)
Corporate Headquarters (OKC) 0.47 7.73 0.22 0.02
NE App 438 2,346 8 96
Steve Moyer was personally passionate about stewardship, long before it was a company 
core value. He is grateful that his passion for environmental protection and workforce 
safety aligns with his career as an Environmental Supervisor (NE App).
What are your responsibilities as Environmental Supervisor?
I view my role as the interface between operational processes, environmental 
protection and regulatory requirements. My team provides awareness and guidance 
around environmental risk for compliance with regulations and Expand Energy’s high 
operating standards. 
How does your background in biology support your responsibilities? 
I pursued a degree in biology because I am passionate about the environment and 
enjoy understanding how people interact with it. I use my experience daily to help guide 
decisions and develop processes that are not only compliant with requirements, but 
also protective of the natural resources present in our communities.
How do you stay on top of evolving environmental regulations at the federal, state 
and local levels?
My team gets support from our company’s strong Regulatory team — helping us 
understand and implement requirements. We also depend on our Community 
and Government Relations teams, who participate at every level to help ensure 
Expand Energy is represented in discussions on emerging concerns and evolving 
issues. This helps position the company, including my team, to be prepared for 
changing requirements.
At the time of this publication, the information for our other operating states was under development. We expect to include this data in future reports.
Steve Moyer
Supervisor – Environment (NE App)

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  32
Land and Biodiversity
Recognizing the critical role biodiversity plays in healthy habitats and ecosystems, we work to minimize surface impacts, prevent spills, reduce 
waste and protect biodiversity throughout our operations. 
We account for stewardship and biodiversity protection at every stage of our operations, from site assessment to well closure. We refrain from 
operating in protected areas whenever feasible and work to identify risks and mitigation plans to limit impact to ecosystems and habitats. Our 
approach to biodiversity and site remediation is overseen by vice president-level leaders at the BU and corporate levels. 
Read more in our Biodiversity Stewardship Position, available here. We also offer an Avian and Bat Protection Plan that supplements compliance with 
key wildlife laws and helps us to proactively minimize impacts. 
Our Approach to Biodiversity Protection
AVOID MINIMIZE RESTORE, REPLACE OR MITIGATE
Before starting construction, we conduct 
a comprehensive site assessment of the 
proposed location. 
We prioritize the selection of the least sensi-
tive project location and design the project to 
avoid impacts to receptors, when possible.
Regarding jurisdictional wetlands, we utilize 
desktop and field analyses during the planning 
phase. If avoidance can’t be achieved, we 
obtain the required permits and offset the 
disturbance.
We work closely with regulatory agencies 
and other stakeholder groups to coordinate 
site planning, obtain necessary permits and 
protect any areas or species of concern. 
Our focus is to avoid, then minimize and 
mitigate our environmental impact by 
right-sizing our project or pad site footprint, 
re-routing access roads or adjusting the 
timing of construction activities.
We will replace, enhance, restore or provide 
substitute resources for impacts that remain 
after avoidance and minimization measures 
have been applied.
In our desktop review and risk assessment, Expand Energy team members determine an asset’s proposed location and set the limit of disturbance (LOD) 
of our operations. Using current and historical aerial photography, USGS topographic maps and National Wetland Inventory maps, the team identifies:
After the desktop review, we locate on-site sensitive receptors via an analysis in the field. We strive to go above and beyond compliance require-
ments, flagging any environmentally sensitive receptor or historical or cultural resource within the proposed LOD of our operations. 
If an environmentally sensitive receptor or cultural resource is identified within the proposed LOD, we avoid or minimize impacts by relocating site activity 
or developing a plan to protect the resource. If the project cannot be relocated, we employ qualified third-party consulting firms to conduct further studies 
and field delineations. This information is used to develop site-specific construction plans outside of jurisdictional areas, sensitive habitats and drainage 
areas, where possible. For all operations, we obtain the necessary environmental permits and track the results of all assessments. 
 
In some cases, our field teams may encounter a sensitive item or biodiversity concern during operations that was not identified during our assess-
ment. Called a ‘chance find, ’ we protect these sensitive receptors by stopping work until our team can evaluate and recommend a path forward. This 
approach — formalized in our Site Assessment Procedure — is discussed with our construction teams in the field prior to starting site activity.
 Federal and state-listed threatened, endangered or 
sensitive species
 Specific migratory birds and habitats
 Aquatic features including state protected waters or 
waters of the U.S. 
 100-year floodplain boundaries 
 Cultural or historical properties
Aquatic Resources 
and Floodplains
Community 
Impact 
Biodiversity  Historical and 
Cultural Resources 
Site Assessment 
Our site assessment process includes both a desktop and field review (risk and impact assessments) to identify the presence or absence of 
sensitive receptors.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  33
Species and Habitat Conservation
Expand Energy works with government agencies and third-party 
biologists and environmental scientists to support species and habitat 
protection in our operating areas. We do not operate within national 
parks or federally designated wetlands, unless permitted, and are 
committed to the conservation of wildlife and species protection. 
Operating Area Threatened Endangered 
Haynesville • Louisiana 
 pinesnake
• Geocarpon 
 minimum (plant)
• Red-cockaded  
 woodpecker
• Northern long eared bat
NE App • Longsolid mussel • Northern long eared bat
• Rayed bean mussel
• Northeastern bulrush 
(plant)
SW App • Longsolid mussel
• Tricolored bat  
(proposed 
uplisting) 
• Northern long eared bat
• Indiana bat
• Clubshell clam
• Fanshell mussel
• Pink mucket  
(peralymussel) mussel
• Sheepnose mussel
• Snuffbox mussel
100% of newly constructed Expand Energy sites 
were reviewed for sensitive habitat impacts 
Expand Energy Leads Earth Day Clean Up  
and Trout Stocking
Expand Energy employees joined forces with partners 
including the WV Division of Natural Resources to host 
an Earth Day clean up event in Wheeling, West Virginia. 
The day consisted of restoring a stream within the Big 
Wheeling Creek area and working alongside students 
from Elm Grove Elementary to stock more than 4,000 
pounds of trout in the creek.
Restore and Replenish
Legacy Southwestern had previously pledged to be freshwater neutral 
and, as Expand Energy, we share this dedication to responsible water 
stewardship. From this commitment, we created our Restore and 
Replenish program to participate in aquatic environmental conserva-
tion projects and other treatment technologies that return beneficial 
fresh water to the environment.
Through Restore and Replenish, we established partnerships with 
government agencies (including state regulatory agencies), nonprofits 
and local community organizations to restore wetlands, improve 
water quality and aquatic habitat and contribute to natural watershed 
functions by protecting and increasing aquatic and local biodiversity.
These partnerships led us to replenish every gallon of fresh water we 
used in 2024. Most of these stewardship projects address previous 
water pollution issues unrelated to oil and natural gas operations and 
provide positive, lasting benefits to local communities. 
 
These projects include: 
• Muddy Creek acid mine drainage facility (WV)
• ERP Martinka acid mine drainage facility (WV)
• Ohio passive acid mine drainage treatment site (OH)
Decommissioning and Site Reclamation 
After completing site operations, we work to restore the site to its 
approximate original topographic condition, planting native seed 
mixes and vegetation to further promote the biodiversity of the area. In 
addition to meeting all regulatory plugging requirements, we partner 
with site owners to accommodate their preferences for their land. We 
continue site monitoring until we’ve secured both landowner and regu-
latory approval of our restoration efforts within regulatory guidelines. 
 
Each state regulates this process differently and Expand Energy follows 
applicable rules when managing inactive wells. Regulations typically 
require a series of cement plugs placed inside the wellbore, across any 
hydrocarbon-bearing formations and freshwater aquifers. Also, per a 
new EPA ruling, all decommissioned sites require a post-closure leak 
survey to confirm there is no emissions leakage.
For example, in our NE App operations, regulatory agencies review 
and approve plugging procedures, conduct routine inspections of our 
operations during the process, have technical requirements that we 
follow, and inspect the well prior to the final capping activity to help 
ensure no gas is present.
At a facility’s end-of-life, we work to reuse or recycle as much of the 
equipment as possible. Any equipment that is eligible for reuse is 
inspected thoroughly before being placed back in our inventory. All 
surface equipment is NORM-tested prior to removal and disposal. Any 
equipment not eligible for reuse is sold for scrap materials or disposed 
of according to regulatory requirements. 
Decommissioning costs can vary depending on location, well depth 
and other factors. We manage those along with other expenditures 
associated with restoration activities and permit closures when fully 
decommissioning a location.
 
Through a partnership with the nonprofit Ducks 
Unlimited, Expand Energy sponsored the construction 
of a new crevasse splay in Louisiana as part of a 
Restore and Replenish project. This crevasse splay 
allowed fresh water from the Mississippi River to flow 
into the marsh to create habitat for various species 
of ducks resulting in more than 1.8 million bbls of 
volumetric freshwater benefit annually. 
Expand Energy has decommissioned and reclaimed 
46 sites, including this WV site, in the last five years.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  34
Solid Waste Management 
Expand Energy’s primary solid waste stream is the mixture of rock 
cuttings and oil-based drilling mud that comes out of a well as it is 
being drilled. Our company-wide waste management standard drives 
our approach with support from individual waste management plans in 
each of our operating regions. We work to minimize this waste through 
reuse or recycling and responsibly dispose of remaining materials. 
 
Each operating area’s waste management plan includes best man-
agement practices. These include identifying the wastes generated 
and characterizing the waste streams, clarifying on-site management 
requirements, listing approved waste disposal vendors and noting 
documentation processes. We review and update each plan at least 
annually to address changes to state regulations, operations and 
vendor capacity. Expand Energy also conducts due diligence on 
landfills and third-party disposal sites and offers waste-related training 
for all relevant personnel.
Hazardous Waste 
Under the EPA’s Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA), 
facilities determine their regulated generator status based on monthly 
rates of hazardous waste generation. Under normal operations, all 
active Expand Energy facilities are classified as Very Small Quantity 
Generators and generation rates are monitored to verify this status. 
Waste Management Decision-Making Process
Not a Waste:  
Use, sell, donate, reclaim / recycle
Non-Hazardous Waste: 
Permitted recycling or disposal
Hazardous Waste: 
Permitted treatment / disposal
Can the material be used as-is?
Is the waste excluded from 
RCRA hazardous waste?
Is the waste a hazardous waste,  
by listing and/or characteristic?
Is the material a regulated waste,  
even if recycled / reclaimed?
No
No
Yes
Yes
No
No
Yes
Yes
NORM Waste
Subsurface sediments can contain naturally occurring radioactive material 
(NORM) which transfers onto drill pipe and production equipment during 
operations. The disposal of NORM-impacted waste is highly specialized, 
requiring proper handling, removal and transport procedures. 
 
Our HSER and Operations teams partner to measure the level of NORM 
on all locations using specialized radiation survey equipment. This data 
is then used to implement appropriate safe work practices, including 
the use of specially licensed and trained professionals for handling 
and disposal. Expand Energy also follows the As Low As Reasonably 
Achievable (ALARA) radiation protection standard, the guiding principle 
of radiation protection across the globe. 
 
All Expand Energy locations that generate, process or dispose of 
produced water are surveyed regularly to properly identify and manage 
accumulations of NORM. 
Business Waste 
Our office locations produce a limited amount of waste, primarily 
paper, plastic, electronic and battery. We recycle these materials by 
partnering with entities that specialize in their disposal. For example:
• We collect batteries company-wide before sending them 
to a national collection firm for recycling and recovery of 
usable materials. 
• On our corporate campus in Oklahoma City, we compost 
our cooking and consumer food waste with the help of a 
specialized vendor. 
• Our electronic waste recycling vendor repurposes reusable 
IT equipment and parts, recycling any non-usable assets. 
This process also includes comprehensive data destruction 
and protection of company assets while preparing the 
equipment for additional use. 
In April, we hosted an e-waste recycling drive on our Oklahoma City corporate campus 
where 458 pounds of IT equipment and 925 pounds of paper were recovered.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  35
Water Management Process 
Expand Energy manages water in accordance with state and federal 
requirements in our basins of operation. Whenever possible, we use 
non-potable water sources for our drilling and completions needs, 
sourcing from private landowners, municipalities, regional water 
districts and river authorities. 
 
Water Management 
We recognize and respect the importance of water to our communities and surrounding habitats, and partner with stakeholders to protect water 
resources. We are committed to high standards of water stewardship and conservation, efficiently recycling, reusing and disposing of water in a 
manner sensitive to local environmental, economic and regulatory concerns. Read more about our commitment in our Water Stewardship Position.
2024 Water Consumption
Total Fresh Water  
Consumed (bbl)
Total Recycled Water  
(non-fresh) Consumed (bbl)
Total Water  
Consumed (bbl)
Freshwater Intensity Rate 
(bbl/gross operated boe)
Haynesville 57,545,449 2,297,977 59,843,425 0.26
NE App 33,392,973 6,661,647 40,054,620 0.11
SW App 22,009,252 3,272,072 25,281,324 0.19
In accordance with the USGS, fresh water is defined as water that has less than or equal to 1,000 mg/l total dissolved solids. We source fresh water from surface water and private groundwater 
partners in accordance with permitting and lease agreements. We utilize AXPC’s water recycling and consumption (use) definitions.
Water Use and Water Stress
The hydraulic fracturing process, which requires water as the base for 
fracturing fluids, constitutes our primary use of water. We also use 
smaller amounts in activities such as well cementing, water-based 
drilling, pressure testing, cooling of compressor stations and conduct-
ing other minor operational functions. 
Water needs vary basin to basin and even pad to pad, due to differenc-
es in reservoir geology, well depth, lateral length and other operational 
factors. We employ advanced analytics to optimize water usage and 
recycle water whenever possible. 
We also evaluate water stress by monitoring drought level indications 
as published and updated quarterly by the U.S. Geological Survey 
(USGS) and through the World Resources Institute (WRI)’s Aqueduct 
Water Risk Atlas. 
 
In 2024, we did not source fresh water from any region classified as 
high or extremely high water-stress areas according to the WRI water 
risk assessment tool. Consistently, our Haynesville, NE App and SW 
App assets aren’t considered to be water-stressed areas. 
Sourcing
Based on demand, sources of fresh water vs. non-fresh 
water are assessed and permitted accordingly.
Logistics
Water is metered and transported via pipeline or 
truck; water may move directly to operations or  
to a staging area prior to operational use. 
Reporting
Water volumes are entered into internal databases  
and reported to the local and state entities per 
individual requirements.
End of Life
Produced water is either disposed, recycled or reused 
based on market capabilities and conditions.
Demand 
Experts determine the completions design and water 
amounts needed to meet production forecasts (specific 
to each individual site). 
In 2024, we consumed nearly ~125 million barrels of total water 
at a water efficiency rate of 0.20 bbl/gross operated boe. For every 
gallon of fresh water Expand Energy used, we replenished a gallon 
through aquatic environmental conservation projects or treatment 
technologies that return beneficial fresh water to the environment.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  36
Produced Water
We follow all state and federal rules, adopt best practices regarding wastewater disposal, and consider recycling or reuse according to the capa-
bilities and conditions of each business unit. We do not directly discharge treated produced water to surface water and therefore, there are no 
dispersed oil concentrations in discharged water. 
2024 Produced Water Management 
Volume of produced 
water generated (bbl)
Amount of produced water 
injected (bbl, %)
Amount of produced water 
recycled (bbl, %)
Volume of produced 
water discharged to 
surface water (bbl)
Haynesville 35,194,314 32,896,337 93% 2,297,977 7% 0
NE App 4,195,510 0 0% 6,661,647 158% 0
SW App 11,712,824 8,440,752 72% 3,272,072 28% 0
When injection is necessary for disposal, we carefully select and monitor our disposal contractors to help ensure their practices meet our robust 
internal standards for well-siting and the safe injection and disposal of produced water. We also adhere to all state and federal laws regarding under-
ground injection control (UIC) well disposal. 
 
Seismicity and its correlation in certain locations to injection wells is the topic of several ongoing scientific studies and Expand Energy participates in 
industry organizations that help to analyze and monitor this issue. 
Water Sampling
Expand Energy’s robust approach to groundwater protection includes 
pre- and/or post-drill water quality sampling, as appropriate. We com-
ply with state regulations and lease obligations that require sampling, 
and we conduct risk-based sampling to further safeguard ground and 
surface water during operations, including: 
• Collection: Independent, third-party consultants collect 
landowner water samples near our production sites, 
which are then analyzed by a state or nationally accredited 
laboratory.  
• Testing: We test water supplies for a predefined set of 
parameters, including general water quality indicators, bio-
logical parameters, metals, dissolved gases and petroleum 
constituents.  
• Communication: Landowners receive an analytical data 
package that includes fact sheets, links to appropriate state 
environmental agency websites and the EPA Water Systems 
Council WellCare Hotline.  
• Data Retention: Sampling results are stored in our exten-
sive water quality database to help aid in decision-making 
on where and when to sample in the future. Water Recycling
Expand Energy was one of the first of our peers to have a dedicated 
water recycling program and we continue to evolve our broader water 
recycling efforts. In line with the American Exploration & Production 
Council (AXPC), we define water recycling as water produced in the 
field and reused by field (drilling and completions) operations. 
 
Our NE App operations team aims to recycle 100% of our produced 
water in Pennsylvania. We reuse our produced water for completions 
activities — helping to remove the need for disposal and reducing local 
freshwater usage. In 2024, Expand Energy recycled more than 6 million 
barrels of produced water. 
 
We have also developed a produced water sharing program with other 
operators in the NE App and SW App basins. This allows us to accept 
produced water from local E&P companies for use in our completions 
jobs — promoting water reuse and decreasing the need for water 
disposal. In SW App, we participate in quarterly meetings with major 
basin operators to review supply and demand of produced water to 
support overall basin water use efficiency. 
Responsible Chemical Use and Water Protection 
Hydraulic fracturing fluid is primarily composed of water, sand, and 
minimal chemical additives. These chemicals are essential for effi-
ciently transporting sand to the formation and protecting the well from 
damage during operations. We are committed to minimizing our impact 
by using only environmentally suitable chemicals in the smallest 
amounts necessary. We work with third-party consultants as needed 
to examine the chemicals used in our operations to limit hazards to 
human and environmental safety.
FracFocus 
We disclose the ingredients contained within completion fluids to 
state regulatory agencies and to the public on fracfocus.org. Since 
2011, we have reported 100% of our well completions to FracFocus , 
a web-based registry that provides detail on completion process 
additives, chemicals and the amount of water used, as reported by 
oil and natural gas operators. 
 
When reporting to FracFocus, Expand Energy utilizes information sup-
plied to us by our vendors in the form of Safety Data Sheets. We encour-
age our additive suppliers to be as transparent as possible reporting both 
the actual additives used in their hydraulic fracturing operations and, 
separately, the individual chemistries contained in the additives. 
NE App Water Synergies Reduce Costs and Environmental Risks
In as little as one month after integration, the NE App Water team 
put 184,000 barrels of legacy Southwestern’s stored water supply 
into use for Expand Energy frac operations. These efficient moves 
eliminated the need for local produced water storage and allowed 
the company to decommission six water storage sites. 
“Storing water has both financial impacts and environmental con-
cerns, ” said Chris Lee, Expand Energy’s NE App Water Foreman. 
“Ideally, we only want to handle fluid one time — transferring it 
from one site to another. If you have to store it, you’re handling it at 
least twice which increases costs and risks. ”
Prior to the integration, Southwestern had a supply of stored fluid 
ready for its next frac job. Since legacy Chesapeake had continu-
ous operations (meaning there was always a frac operation taking 
place in the area), the company was able to redirect its produced 
water from storage or disposal to immediate downhole use. Post 
integration, Expand Energy has maintained continuous operations 
with 100% produced water reuse. 
In another example of efficiency, the NE App Water team utilizes 
water sharing agreements to offset freshwater needs. These agree-
ments are partnerships with other industry operators in which they 
pay Expand Energy a fee to take and reuse their produced water. 
Through these agreements, we are promoting water stewardship 
among our industry, eliminating the need for freshwater use within 
our BU, and putting local NE App water haulers to work. 
“It’s our example of disrupting, ” said Lee. “There are always 
ways we can improve. We’re not limited by how we’ve histor-
ically operated; we can disrupt status quos to continuously 
improve for Expand Energy as a new company. ”
Each production site features secondary containment, such as a 
berm, to prevent spills from reaching the surrounding environment.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  37
Spill Prevention
To minimize surface impacts and protect local ecology and biodiversity, our operational practices help ensure the careful management of fluids 
associated with our operations. These fluids could include natural gas liquids, fracturing fluid and produced water, as well as recycled water and 
condensate.
We work to prevent spills every day as part of our Process Safety program. This includes supporting asset integrity with operational best management 
practices, trained and experienced employees, thoughtful facility design and associated inspections.
In 2025, we are incentivizing spill prevention behaviors by including a spill intensity in our compensation program — driving accountability across all 
employee levels. We calculate our spill intensity by taking the ratio of produced liquids spilled outside of secondary containment to total liquids produced, 
allowing for a more accurate year-over-year comparison.
In 2024, our spill intensity was 0.0047. This is a low 
spill intensity and, of the fluids spilled, we recovered 
nearly all spilled volumes.
Spill Prevention Controls
Spill Management and Containment 
We measure spills by count, total barrels and percentage recovered for regulatory reporting and internal analysis for continuous improvement. In 2024, 
we handled more than 43 million barrels of produced liquids, including produced water and oil, and contained more than 99.99% of these liquids. 
2024 Hydrocarbon Spills
>1 bbl outside of secondary containment; includes crude oil / condensate, drilling muds, fuel, hydraulic oil and refined oil.
# of Spills Total Bbls % Recovered
Haynesville 2 4 100%
NE App 1 <1 100%
SW App 2 5 100%
2024 Non-Hydrocarbon Spills
>1 bbl outside of secondary containment; includes produced water, acid, glycol and chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing and/ or 
production.
# of Spills Total Bbls % Recovered
Haynesville 29 259 99%
NE App 8 73 80%
SW App 8 41 100%
Spill Response
If a spill occurs, we’re prepared to respond efficiently with a comprehensive, cross-functional team of operational experts.
Integrity  
Management
Our company-design standard requires new steel storage tanks to be internally coated to resist corrosion 
and built according to American Petroleum Institute (API) standards. Also, we typically use sacrificial 
anodes to protect our metal equipment or structures from corroding and cathodic protection to safeguard 
buried equipment including flow lines and pipelines. 
In addition to internal protection, steel tanks are externally coated with a protective primer and paint layer 
and placed on gravel rings or other elevated bases to limit corrosion from standing rain or surface water. In 
certain areas with more corrosive fluids, we utilize non-metallic, internally lined, or piping and fiberglass 
tanks (instead of carbon steel) for durability.
As part of asset integrity, we regularly review and update our integrity strategies, adjusting maintenance 
and inspection activities as needed. We set clear asset management objectives, use an annually updated 
risk matrix, and are enhancing our maintenance program to include risk-based inspections.
Impervious Secondary 
Containment
We install permanent containment systems under production facilities, and we use temporary catch 
basins for shorter-duration drilling and completions operations. Our secondary containment, used in 
our production site design, consists of steel walls layered with a polyurea coating or other acceptable 
materials designed to last the lifetime of the facility.
Regular  
Maintenance
Early detection of corrosion is key to mitigating risk. Our operational staff receives training on how to 
identify corrosion as part of their routine field equipment inspections and maintenance. Production lines, 
vessels and tanks are regularly monitored through a corrosion chemical management program.
Continuous  
Monitoring
Our tank fluid-level sensors alert employees if tank levels change unexpectedly, indicating the potential for 
a leak. If this occurs, we either repair the corroded area or replace the equipment. 
Causal 
Analysis
We track all near-miss incidents and spills, regardless of volume, so we can learn from these events and 
put preventive measures in place. 
Operations Emergency Response Environmental
• Secures site 
• Determines resources needed 
• Initiates containment 
measures to control the spill
• Initiates emergency response 
plan tailored to the severity level 
• Establishes incident command 
system 
• Engages with outside respond-
ers as needed
• Notifies the appropriate parties, 
including regulatory agencies 
and landowners
• Develops a spill delineation plan 
• Implements a remediation plan 
• Requests regulatory closure

Social
As the nation’s largest natural gas producer and a top producer globally, we’re committed 
to increasing access to affordable, reliable, lower carbon energy. While this means building 
a more sustainable energy future globally, we’re also working to expand opportunities in 
the local communities where we operate. It’s our goal to make communities stronger and 
more resilient through our corporate presence. We support this goal by being a responsible 
employer, treating our neighbors with respect, and partnering with trusted non-profit 
organizations to invest in areas of need. 
2024 Expand Energy Sustainability Report  38

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  39
Our People 
Our employees are Expand Energy’s greatest asset and their passion, 
work ethic and skills are the driving force behind the company’s 
success. We are building a cohesive and collaborative company 
culture by retaining and attracting the best talent, creating opportuni-
ties for growth and treating every person with dignity and respect. Our 
company culture puts employees at the center — investing in career 
development and encouraging a healthy work-life balance. 
Talent Acquisition and Retention
Expand Energy’s talent acquisition and employee development efforts 
seek to attract, retain and invest in our best-in-class talent. We actively 
recruit individuals with exceptional technical and functional skills and 
look to hire locally to further enrich our communities. As part of these 
efforts, we support educational opportunities within our communities 
to create a pipeline of future talent. 
We also offer a summer internship program to help attract early 
career talent. Expand Energy’s summer internship program attracts 
college-level candidates to various positions across the company 
with a goal of finding opportunities for graduates when company 
needs and student performance align. Many new hires who join 
the company directly out of college, particularly in technical fields, 
begin their careers in a mentor-guided rotational program. Through 
this program, new hires then cycle through different roles within the 
company before being placed in a longer-term position. 
Expand Energy understands the importance of engaging younger 
students and raising awareness early on about careers in the oil 
and natural gas industry. In 2024, Expand Energy representatives 
spoke with over 600 students at the Wheeling Area Chamber of 
Commerce’s Career Fair.
Workforce Development
Our employee development programs provide our people with the 
tools, training and resources they need to grow. These opportunities 
include tailored offerings based on employee areas of development 
and on-demand virtual learning. Some of our professional develop-
ment resources include:
• 100% reimbursement for professional certification tests 
• Tuition reimbursement up to the IRS maximum of $5,250 
per year, per employee for undergraduate and vocational 
coursework and $10,000 for graduate-level coursework 
• Professional development classes for all employees 
emphasizing teamwork, leadership and career growth 
• Petro-technical training supporting specialized courses 
across the engineering, geology and land disciplines 
• eLearning platform with access to more than 20,000 web-
based classes to build business acumen and technical skills 
• Technical courses for non-technical employees designed to 
increase industry knowledge 
Annually, we survey our workforce on their professional development needs to inform and enhance our training program. We also survey certain 
disciplines, engineering and geology, to better guide our Technical Training Committees. In addition, our numerous health, safety and environmen-
tal training provides opportunities to bolster employees’ skills and careers, while further enhancing safety in our workplace.
TRAINING TYPE COURSE / PROGRAM DESCRIPTION
Leadership
Leadership Essentials  A 6-week leadership journey for front-line leaders with a blend of in-person work-
shops and self-paced e-learning to develop the leadership mindset. 
Transformational  
Leader Program
This 10-month program combines cohort-based learning through in-person work-
shops and virtual sessions for senior level leaders. The course focuses on leadership 
influence with personalized development via assessments, four executive coaching 
sessions and small group projects.
From Player to Coach This session provides newly promoted or newly hired people leaders with the neces-
sary information and tools they need to be successful in an EXE leadership role. 
OSU Executive  
Development Seminar 
Partnering with OSU, this weeklong course provides participants with the necessary 
tools and strategies to be an effective leader. 
Professional
Subject Matter Expert Courses 
Courses taught by internal experts that focus on subjects related to our business 
(e.g. basic accounting fundamentals, understanding 10-K reports, corporate 
communications 101). 
The Birkman Method
Our Birkman-certified team facilitates self-awareness and relationship man-
agement training sessions using personality assessments to help teams better 
understand themselves and work more effectively together.
Udemy E-Learning Platform Offers more than 200,000 courses in a wide variety of categories.
The Institute for Management 
Studies (IMS) Virtual Program
Access to some of the most distinguished thought-leaders and world class 
leadership expertise in individual courses.
Technical
SAGA Wisdom
Access 40 online petrotechnical courses covering a wide range of topics, including 
completions engineering, computing and data science, as well as essential power 
skills to support well-rounded professional growth.
Various Petrotechnical Courses A range of courses driven by emerging skills, trends and priorities identified by the 
Petrotechnical Talent Councils — spanning Geoscience, Engineering and Land.
Training Program Snapshot
2024 Workforce Snapshot
~1,700 
employees
42 
average age
52% 
field
5% 
voluntary turnover
48% 
corporate  
(Oklahoma City and Spring)
8 
average years  
of tenure
99.9% 
full-time
11% 
internal promotion rate
As of Dec. 31, 2024

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  40
Compensation and Benefits
The company’s compensation program is designed to attract, retain and 
competitively pay top talent while aligning with company performance. 
Our performance management program makes each employee respon-
sible for Expand Energy’s success as employees set individual annual 
goals that support the company’s business objectives. Those employees 
who meet or exceed their goals can receive a higher bonus payout. 
Environmental and safety metrics play a prominent role in determining 
employee compensation. As part of our annual incentive program, 
the company must meet certain sustainability and safety metrics 
before employees are eligible for “above target” payouts, regardless of 
performance in other areas of the business. This helps to ensure our 
collective commitment to improved performance in all aspects of the 
business throughout the year. 
This pay-for-performance program, coupled with an industry-defined 
salary structure, creates greater transparency among employees about 
how their performance impacts their total compensation. Not only 
does this instill a sense of fairness across the organization, we’re also 
able to accurately reward our top performers. 
Expand Energy invests in programs and activities, such as pay studies, 
which are focused on ensuring equitable execution of all pay practices 
to safeguard against any adverse impact toward all protected class-
es. Pay at Expand Energy is based on several primary factors, including 
but not limited to:
Total Rewards Benefits Program 
We compensate our employees through competitive pay, benefits and 
personal and professional development programs. Taken together, they 
represent our Total Rewards program, which includes: 
• Generous 401(k) employer match 
• Abundant paid time off, including 12 company-paid holidays 
each year and a personal well-being day (benefit exceeds 
legal requirements) 
• Medical, dental, vision, prescription drug, health savings 
account, flexible spending and short- and long-term 
disability coverage 
• Dedicated professional development program 
• Parental leave for mothers and fathers (benefit exceeds 
legal requirements in the states in which we operate) 
• On-site childcare (Oklahoma City) 
• Adoption assistance 
• Tuition reimbursement 
• Military differential pay 
• Quarterly profit-sharing contribution to 401(k)  
regardless of employee contribution 
 
Hybrid Workplace and Schedule Flexibility
We believe that workplace flexibility helps to optimize professional 
success and gives our employees added time and energy for life’s 
responsibilities. Our ‘Work for Your Day’ initiative empowers employees 
to choose their work locations (working remotely or in the office) based 
on their department needs, workloads and schedule. Departments 
also schedule collaboration time so teams can gather in the office to 
reinforce our workplace culture and build team relationships. 
Recognizing that no week is the same professionally or personally, 
employees have autonomy to flex their schedule in partnership with 
their department and team needs. Additionally, in Spring and Oklaho-
ma City, our teams have schedule flexibility respective to their location, 
including either having every Friday off (working 80 hours in 9 days) or 
working 9 hour days with a shorter Friday schedule (8 a.m. to noon). 
Employees also have the choice to work a traditional work timeline 
if preferred. Respective to open and transparent communications 
with our team, we recognize our employees’ legal right to freedom of 
association and collective bargaining.
Performance
Years of experience
Skills
Time in position
Market data
Shan Escobar, Talent Planning and Learning Lead, drives organiza-
tional success through effective employee engagement and career 
development programs.
How does your role help support both talent development and 
company culture at Expand Energy? 
Learning, and encouraging the growth of our co-workers, is at the 
root of everything we do as a team. We recognize that taking a 
strategic and thoughtful approach to talent development can be 
difficult for many employees as it often requires stepping away 
from the urgency of their days. Our team helps to serve as a bridge 
— providing tools, facilitating discussions and empowering people 
to reach their full potential. We approach every interaction with 
purpose, aiming to respect employees’ time while emphasizing the 
value of both personal and professional development. 
 
Regarding culture, we use our core values as the foundation for 
our programs and processes to help ensure we are enhancing our 
capabilities and aligning talent with a cohesive company culture.
Shan Escobar
Manager – Talent & Culture
What drives your passion for talent development?  
There have been pivotal people in my life who recognized my 
potential, provided appropriate support and encouragement, and 
gave me the tools I needed to be successful. I attribute most of my 
growth and development to others — people who challenged me 
and helped me see things differently.
 
I want to share these same learnings and sentiments with others, 
not only through my direct interactions with employees but also 
indirectly as I help develop leaders who can have similar impacts on 
others. It’s all about continuous learning — being curious about how 
you can grow as a person and in your career. 
Which core value drives your daily decision-making?
Collaboration. I believe there is so much power in bringing people 
together to accomplish a goal. Valuing the unique contributions of 
team members, confronting challenges together and building each 
other up leads to better results and better employee experiences. 
And on a personal note, I get my energy from working with others, so 
I feel at my best when I have ample opportunity to collaborate.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  41
A Culture Where Employees Feel Heard and Valued 
Our inclusive workplace reflects our belief that every person should be 
treated equitably and with dignity and respect. We work to create a cul-
ture of trust and fairness where everyone feels included and accepted. 
We believe that this inclusion promotes collaboration and innovation 
and removes barriers to productivity and individual contributions to 
company success. 
Diversity of ideas, geographic locations and experience are essential to 
fostering a better working environment, along with the demographics 
that make up the expert talent across our company. Annually, as 
required by law, we report on the diversity of our workforce as defined by 
the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).
One of the greatest ways that we can show respect to our 
employees is by asking for feedback and listening. In our first 
year as an integrated company, Expand Energy adopted tools  
to collect employee feedback to better understand the pulse  
of the workforce and how we can improve together. 
Our CEO and leadership team host quarterly townhall meetings to 
update employees on the status of the company. In these meetings, 
which are hosted across office and field locations and streamed 
virtually, employees are encouraged to ask questions. 
 
Following quarterly meetings, we invite employees to respond to pulse 
surveys that ask employees to provide feedback on a variety of issues. 
Expand Energy’s Human Resources and Communications teams use 
feedback from these surveys to implement changes. For example, 
through a pulse survey shortly after integration, the team learned that 
the legacy companies received communications differently prior to 
integration (one relied more on email while the other communicated 
through its intranet) and also had differing knowledge of Microsoft 
Teams as an engagement platform. The HR and Communications 
teams increased trainings, adopted more comprehensive communi-
cations plans and worked with employees to utilize the most efficient 
vehicles for receiving company information. 
 
In 2025, Expand Energy will issue a fulsome employee engagement survey 
to measure employee engagement with the assistance of a third-party 
vendor. It is our commitment to administer these surveys annually, 
analyzing the results and creating action plans based on survey feedback. 
To encourage peer-to-peer engagement, Expand Energy offers Applause 
— an online employee recognition program designed to allow managers 
and employees to immediately recognize others for positive, on-the-
job actions and behaviors that support our core values and business 
strategies. Awards are sent to employees in the form of badges, which 
are displayed inside the employee’s Applause trophy case. 
Workplace Culture Policies
All Expand Energy decisions regarding recruiting, hiring, training, 
evaluation, assignment, advancement and termination of employment 
are made without unlawful discrimination on the basis of race, color, 
national origin, ancestry, citizenship, sex, sexual orientation, gender 
identity or expression, religion, age, pregnancy, disability, military 
status or veteran status, genetic information, marital status or any 
other factor that the law protects from employment discrimination. 
Expand Energy will not tolerate any form of harassment, discrimination or 
retaliation in the workplace against any of its employees or contractors by 
anyone, including but not limited to officers, supervisors, employees and 
non-employees of Expand Energy. Any form of harassment, discrimination 
or retaliation directed at any employee or non-employee of Expand Energy 
is strictly prohibited as a matter of company policy.
We ask every individual who is a victim of harassment, discrimination 
and/or retaliation in the Expand Energy workplace to report such conduct 
immediately. All such reports and subsequent investigations will be 
handled in as confidential a manner as is reasonably possible, consis-
tent with Expand Energy’s obligations under local, state and federal law, 
as well as any applicable company policies and internal procedures.
Allison Gann, Sr. Investor Relations Analyst, and Lehne George, Manager – Geoscience* , started a mentor relationship three years ago at the 
request of Allison’s former supervisor. 
What is the value of a mentoring relationship?
A: As a mentee, I value Lehne’s support and guidance. She offers unique insights for my professional growth and I appreciate having a respected 
female leader to inspire me and help develop my leadership skills. 
L: I believe a successful mentoring relationship is one in which both participants can learn and grow. While I can provide guidance to Allison 
from my position within Expand Energy, she can share her perspectives and insights on company happenings and dynamics from an individual 
contributor standpoint. Her different viewpoints broaden my understanding of the goings-on within the company.
Allison – how has Lehne’s mentorship impacted your professional life?
Lehne is such an inspirational leader! I admire how she emphasizes personal connection with her team members. Through our mentoring 
relationship, I have gained confidence in handling challenging conversations and in building stronger relationships with leaders across the 
company. It is very empowering to know that I have a great leader that is championing me for future opportunities. 
Lehne – what have been key takeaways from some of your past mentorship relationships?
One of the most valuable components of being mentored has been having an objective, third party to whom I can turn for advice. Receiving 
unbiased guidance from someone who might not know all the players but understands the industry and business dynamics has been crucial. 
I repeat often advice that I received from a former mentor: “At a certain point in your career, you just need to be good at what you’re good at. ” 
This taught me to lean into my strengths as a leader and let go of trying to be an expert in every single branch of geology. Having the confidence 
to focus on my strengths was instrumental in shaping the trajectory of my career and my move into leadership.
*Lehne recently accepted a rotational position in the Investor Relations (IR) team as part of an opportunity to complement her technical 
expertise. In her temporary role, Lehne gains finance acumen and investor insights, which she will then apply to her future responsibilities  
at the company.
Allison Gann
Sr. Investor Relations Analyst
Lehne George
Manager, Geoscience

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  42
Supply Chain Management 
High-quality suppliers are our critical partners in maintaining safe and 
healthy operations. We recognize the risks inherent with working with 
third parties and manage these risks through strong governance, frequent 
communication, high operating standards and consistent performance 
evaluation. We also equip our partners with the tools and resources 
needed for success, recognizing our shared accountability for results. 
 
2024 Supply Chain Snapshot
2,125  active suppliers 
99% U.S.-based suppliers
168  new suppliers evaluated in 2024 
99% total spend with U.S.-based suppliers
As of Dec. 31, 2024
 
As a vertically integrated supplier of a basic commodity, Expand Energy 
operates with a streamlined supply chain. We do purchase equipment 
(e.g., steel casing, pipe, valves, engineered equipment) from a variety 
of manufacturers, and we use contractors for some aspects of our 
work. The vast majority of our supply chain consists of contractors or 
companies who perform service on our sites. 
We utilize a robust supplier qualification, sourcing, contracting and 
performance management process to help ensure our suppliers are 
delivering safe, efficient and high-quality products and services. Before 
entering a relationship with a supplier, we evaluate the company’s 
safety and environmental record and financial performance.
Upholding Our Supplier Code of Conduct 
We require contractors and suppliers to align with our Supplier Code, 
which includes our standards for environmental impact, health and 
safety, nondiscrimination, ethics and fair labor practices. Suppliers 
agree to our Supplier Code, including our Human Rights Policy, during 
their qualification process. If, through auditing or other reporting tools, 
we identify a supplier is out of compliance, the company may be 
removed from our approved list. 
Our Supplier Code prohibits: 
• Child labor 
• Forced labor 
• Discrimination in the workplace 
• Harassment and abusive behavior 
• Violence and weapons in the workplace 
• Drug and alcohol use and influence in the workplace 
• Bribery or anti-corruption activities 
• Insider trading 
• Conflicts of interest 
 
All potential Supplier Code violations or other supplier-related 
concerns can be reported confidentially and anonymously through the 
Expand Energy Ethics and Integrity Helpline for investigation. 
 
Similarly, our employees (particularly those in purchasing / supply 
chain management), participate in annual acknowledgment of the 
requirements to our Code, which includes information specific to 
anti-bribery and anti-trust issues. It also notes our human rights policy 
and our gifts disclosure. Certain Supply Chain team members also 
have certifications that provide further education on managing an 
ethical supply chain. 
Supplier Engagement and Contractor Compliance 
We regularly engage our suppliers through in-person meetings, perfor-
mance reviews and targeted communications to support our commit-
ment to an ethical supply chain. Our engagement activities include: 
 
• Identifying risks and opportunities along the supply chain 
• Standardizing performance measurements 
• Communicating our safety and sustainability initiatives to 
help ensure alignment with our standards 
• Tracking performance and noting continuous improvement 
opportunities 
• Sharing best practices and lessons learned 
• Introducing new technologies for piloting or adoption 
 
At least annually, we meet with our suppliers in the field via town hall 
meetings to discuss lessons learned, safety performance measure-
ments and reiterate the Supplier Code and any key changes. 
 
Our Supply Chain team monitors the performance of active suppliers 
using a risk-based approach. Suppliers with higher risk profiles are 
re-evaluated more frequently, allowing for a faster response should 
a supplier violate our Supplier Code or not meet our established 
performance standards. Failure to adhere to Expand Energy’s safety 
standards is the main cause for severing a supplier relationship. 
 
Certain suppliers also participate in Expand Energy’s Supplier Perfor-
mance Management Program, a scorecard system evaluating each 
company’s operational, financial and HSER performance. Through 
this program, suppliers are encouraged to provide feedback to Expand 
Energy during business review meetings to collaborate and improve our 
collective performance. 
SUPPLIER QUALIFICATION PROCESS
Step 1  
Supplier Request Form Supplier must be sponsored by an Expand Energy representative.
Step 2  
Registration and Screening
Suppliers register and complete the supplier profile questionnaire. The Supplier Code of Conduct  
is introduced. 
Step 3  
Performance Evaluation
The Expand Energy Supplier Quality team conducts a supplier performance evaluation reviewing categories 
such as health and safety performance and financial health.
Step 4  
Contracting and Enablement A contract is signed; the Supplier Code of Conduct compliance is confirmed and insurance is verified.
Step 5  
Approval Supplier is approved to begin work with Expand Energy.
Expand Energy makes a concerted effort to work with suppliers 
local to our operations, where feasible. Working with local 
companies helps to build capacity and economic prosperity 
in our communities, while encouraging a healthy and diverse 
supplier base to support our business.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  43
Human Rights 
We believe all humans deserve respect and dignity and have the right 
to live free of social and political abuse and discrimination of all kinds. 
While governments play a significant role in protecting and policing 
human rights, corporations can also help safeguard the most vulner-
able. As a U.S. company that adheres to federal laws with respect to 
human rights, we believe one of our best opportunities to encourage 
positive change is through our suppliers. By adopting a Human Rights 
Policy and incorporating it into our Supplier Code of Conduct, we can 
use our purchasing power for good. 
 
Expand Energy supports the right for every person to have access to 
sufficient, safe, acceptable, physically accessible and affordable water for 
personal and domestic use. 
Human Rights Policy 
Our Human Rights Policy helps to guide our actions and clearly defines 
the high standards we have for our operations and our supply chain 
materials produced globally. The policy follows the guidance and inten-
tions of the UN’s Universal Declaration of Human Rights, upholds the 
UN’s Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and provides 
common language and action steps to protect these rights. Our Code 
of Business Conduct also defines the responsibilities that all Expand 
Energy employees share in protecting human rights and reporting 
violations through our ethics helpline. 
 
We apply our Human Rights Policy consistently across our operations, 
holding all suppliers to the same thorough criteria. We include our 
human rights standards as part of our supplier qualification program 
and any supplier that violates our Code or Human Rights Policy may be 
removed as an approved supplier.
 
Our Board has ultimate oversight over the management of our Human 
Rights Policy. All relevant reports of unethical business conduct — 
including any perceived violations or investigations into human rights 
abuses — are shared with our Board’s Audit Committee and other 
committees as deemed relevant or necessary. 
 
In 2024, we had no reports of human rights violations 
through our ethics helpline. 
Layers of Human Rights Protection 
Commitment to investigate and act upon  
human rights reports and potential violations
Ethics helpline available to report  
human rights violations
Human Rights Policy applicable to  
employees, contractors and suppliers 
Federal and local law compliance
Indigenous Rights
Our Human Rights Policy applies to our treatment of Indigenous 
peoples. We recognize that Indigenous peoples have unique rights and 
needs, and we respect their traditional culture and values.
We screen for potential heritage sites when making development plans 
and if during construction operations we encounter an unexpected 
cultural resource, we immediately stop our operations and engage the 
appropriate agencies. We partner with these agencies and historical re-
source specialists to work with us to proceed in the appropriate manner. 
 
While we don’t have any active operations on tribal lands, we recog-
nize the potential for future partnerships if our asset base expands 
to certain locations across the country. Should this occur, we’re 
committed to mutually beneficial relationships focused on economic 
development, community investment and cultural preservation. We’ll 
develop these relationships through early engagement with tribal 
representatives, transparent business interactions and by following 
applicable laws and policies.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  44
Community Engagement and Investment
We recognize the privilege and responsibility of doing business on our neighbors’ land and being an active member of the communities where we 
work and operate. We approach this role with a deep commitment to safety, stewardship and collaboration, working to ensure our operations are 
responsible and mutually beneficial. 
 
Being a good neighbor means more to us than just doing business — it means actively engaging with local leaders, supporting workforce develop-
ment, and enriching the communities we call home. At each stage of our operations and everywhere we work, we share information openly, seek 
community feedback and work to understand, anticipate and resolve community problems. 
Our Community Relations and Land teams have oversight of our community engagement activities and gather feedback from local stakeholders 
to help us create responsive and sustainable engagement plans. Across our operations, we help address community needs by investing in local 
workforce development, minimizing disturbances such as traffic and noise and supporting nonprofits that have positive impacts. 
Jonathan Wheelis, Area Manager – Haynesville, is second generation 
oil and natural gas and was honored as the 2024 Young Professional 
of the Year at the Greater Shreveport Chamber’s annual 40 Under 
Forty Awards and Gala. 
What is your connection to the Haynesville? 
This area is home to me. I grew up in Ruston, Louisiana, and am still 
living there to this day. My family is from the area, and my dad cut his 
teeth in the oil and gas industry as a roustabout in East Texas. 
 
I was very fortunate to grow up on ~80 acres of land. I treat the areas 
where we operate like they were my own property, because it’s my 
home and my community. This land provides a livelihood for my 
neighbors, my family and all of us at Expand Energy. 
Which of Expand Energy’s core values resonate with you most and why? 
The two core values that stick out to me are Stewardship and Disrupt. 
Both values are tied closely together in my mind. Stewardship is 
essentially our license to operate as Expand Energy. Disrupt means we 
must challenge the status quo to achieve better outcomes for energy 
consumers by innovating and driving down our overall operational 
expenditures. At the same time, we must also help ensure that we 
send everyone home safely every day and not cause harm to the areas 
where we operate. I’m excited by the prospect of challenging the status 
quo to drive better outcomes and push the company forward. 
2024 Local Economic Impact 
$275 million 
taxes incurred (state and federal)
$1.2 billion 
total royalty owner payments 
$22 million
PA impact fees 
Local Economic Impacts
Expand Energy is committed to helping support the long-term economic 
stability of the communities where we operate. Our business delivers 
significant economic benefits to those communities through jobs, leases 
and royalties, and taxes. We create jobs that offer higher-than-average 
wages and directly benefit local landowners through mineral leases 
and royalties. Our tax payments and impact funds support important 
government services, including schools, infrastructure improvements 
and emergency preparedness. 
As neighbors in our communities, we also provide support through 
charitable contributions. 
Identify stakeholders Listen to feedback and understand 
community needs and concerns
Respond to community needs 
through operational processes and 
community investment approach
Ongoing engagement, 
communication, investment 
and partnership
Ways we engage: In-person community meetings with senior company leaders or regular ‘lunch and learns, ’ quarterly newsletters,  
employee interaction including Owner Relations team engagement and dedicated website pages, online portal and email address.
Jonathan Wheelis
Area Manager, Haynesville

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  45
Developing Our Local Workforce 
We are committed to hiring locally and bolstering local talent by supporting educational institutions and programs that provide technical training and 
skills development. These practices help Expand Energy meet hiring needs for our own operations, while increasing the availability and skill level of 
talent across our communities and our industry. 
Supporting STEM Education
STEM workers are critical to our operations, the local workforces where 
we operate and the U.S. economy overall. We work with schools and 
nonprofits to support STEM and STEAM education programs. Below are 
a few examples of our 2024 partnerships.
Expand Energy sponsored the nonprofit Libera, Inc., enabling the 
organization to share its STEAM Exploration Program with three Ohio 
County (WV) elementary schools. The interactive program visited 
Madison, Woodsdale and Warwood Elementary Schools where a total 
of 450 students learned about engineering while exploring the Cass 
Scenic Railroad. Students built ramps and tracks like those used by 
the Cass steam engines and also took home STEAM activity boxes to 
continue learning about engineering. 
“We are so grateful to work with partners like Expand 
Energy who not only realize the importance of bringing 
programs like ours to youth in West Virginia but who 
take an active role in educating and inspiring students 
in the communities they work in. ” 
— Kelsey Riggi, Director of Strategic Initiatives at Libera
Also in West Virginia, Expand Energy funds a STEM grants program in 
the Ohio Valley. This program, hosted through the Community Foun-
dation for the Upper Ohio Valley, awards grants to teachers wanting to 
incorporate STEM-related learning into their curriculum. In 2024, our 
donation covered 14 projects including purchasing engineering kits 
for schools across Marshall, Ohio, Booke and Wetzel Counties. We 
also sponsor a similar program in partnership with the Foundation for 
Appalachian Ohio to support STEM educational activities in Guernsey 
and Monroe Counties. 
For Bradford County (PA) and Guernsey County (OH) students, we 
sponsored a Mobile Oilfield Learning Unit (MOLU). MOLU is a traveling 
exhibit that teaches students about topics like viscosity, drilling 
and permeability with hands-on activities for elementary and mid-
dle-school aged students.
Funding College Scholarships
Expand Energy provides scholarships to students with outstanding aca-
demic achievements that are pursuing bachelor’s degrees, ideally in 
industry-related fields. In Louisiana, Expand Energy provided $10,000 
to graduating seniors at several local high schools; in Ohio, Expand 
Energy supports the Ohio Natural Energy Institute and its scholarship 
program; and, through our endowment with Pennsylvania College of 
Technology, we offer a student scholarship each year.
Promoting Higher Education in Petroleum Technology 
Expand Energy has been investing in petroleum technology training 
programs, and other industry-related training, in our primary operating 
areas for more than a decade. Supporting this education provides a 
pipeline of educated future leaders for our industry. 
Expand Energy sponsored a technical Energy Exhibition at Marietta 
College (OH) at the end of the year. This student-led expo promoted 
the future of energy innovation, encouraging students to learn about 
the various careers in the energy industry — from petroleum engineers 
to business and finance. Many of our local employees attended to 
connect with interested students. 
We also continue to support Lackawanna College’s School of Petro-
leum and Natural Gas in PA. Through our longstanding partnership, we 
have awarded scholarship funds, donated equipment to instructors, 
served as guest lecturers, and provided real-world field experiences at 
company sites.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  46
Responding to Community Grievances
Our regional Community Relations, HSE and Land teams lead our 
efforts to understand and address community concerns to help ensure 
issues are addressed proactively, effectively and efficiently. We work 
with our neighbors to address concerns and other issues in a mutually 
beneficial way.
When community members contact us regarding a concern or any 
other type of engagement, we track the interaction through our 
OwnerView system. This system allows us to document the nature of 
the communications, assign specialized employees for response and 
monitor the timeliness of our communications. 
Always Listening
It is important to us that our stakeholders have an accessible 
way to reach us. At any time, community members and 
employees can report any operational, safety or community 
concern by calling (877) 245-1427. Our local employees are 
also available for feedback and we regularly host in-person 
community meetings to engage with our neighbors. We aim to 
address critical issues within 24 hours.
 
Road Safety, Traffic and Maintenance 
Our operations often require the use of public roadways for trans-
porting equipment, water and other aspects of our value chain. 
Recognizing that this can cause additional road wear, we invest in 
upgrades and maintenance for improved road safety. We work with 
local road departments and, in many cases, use our own equipment for 
maintenance. In addition, Expand Energy and the natural gas industry 
pay millions of dollars in state taxes, impact fees and maintenance 
fees every year. These funds are often used to restore and maintain 
highways and secondary roads. 
The best way to minimize impact and traffic is to reduce trucks on the 
road. We develop operational plans to avoid community disruptions, 
including timing our routes to avoid school traffic. We also use escort 
vehicles and offer flaggers in places with hazards or other safety 
limitations and we avoid both high-traffic periods and bridges or roads 
not built for heavy truck traffic.
In addition to efficient routing, we work to minimize the number of 
trucks on the road. Our pipeline system in Pennsylvania and West 
Virginia helps decrease the use of trucks for transporting fresh water 
within our own network, as well as with other operators nearby. Where 
possible, we utilize temporary lay-flat lines (hoses) to transfer fresh 
water without truck traffic. 
In 2024, 81% of our freshwater use in NE App and  
SW App was transported via pipeline, preventing 
excess truck traffic and local road wear and tear. 
Most importantly, we proactively train our drivers annually. Road 
signage near our operational routes offers contact information should 
the community need to report a concern. 
 
Compressor Noise 
The compressors that pressurize natural gas for transport and produc-
tion are key to our operations — and they are noisy. To address this 
issue, we conduct site-specific modeling for sound impact and employ 
fit-for purpose noise abatement solutions as necessary. This system-
atic approach allows us to design our facilities in a way that better 
serves the surrounding community. 
Some of the ways we control noise levels include: 
• Locating compressors to minimize impacts on people 
and nature 
• Conducting sound impact assessments to identify the 
need for mitigation 
• Constructing buildings or walls around compressor 
equipment 
• Operating nonstandard compressor exhaust systems 
with extra sound-reduction capabilities 
• Using high-efficiency coolers with fans that run at 
slower speeds 
• Installing larger piping to reduce gas velocity and 
reduce high pitched sounds 
Owner Relations 
Operating on someone’s land is a responsibility Expand Energy takes 
seriously. We work to build long-term relationships with our mineral and 
surface owners through transparent communication and easy accessibility. 
Critical to this commitment is active listening and frequent communi-
cation. Multiple groups across our company (including Land, Commu-
nications, Field Service Operations and HSER) work together to address 
questions and concerns of our royalty and surface owners. In certain 
areas, we also host annual stakeholder engagement meetings with 
senior leadership providing operating updates and receiving feedback.
 
For specific questions, we offer our Owner Relations department as 
a central information hub for owners. Owners may call or email this 
group about topics such as lease agreements, payments and produc-
tion. It is our goal to meet the owner’s needs efficiently, often with one 
phone call or email.
In 2024, Expand Energy had ~80,000 interactions  
with owners via phone calls and emails. 
Key Issues by Asset 
  COMMUNITY CONCERN OUR ACTIONS
NE App and SW App Compressor noise  Continuing to implement standard protocol for compression 
operations that includes various mitigation options including 
enclosing the engine, adding interior acoustic insulation and 
building a surrounding sound wall
Dust control and road conditions Continuing to apply dust control measures when needed and 
continuing to invest in necessary road infrastructure/repairs if our 
operational activity impacted road conditions in any way
Site security Installed auto gates (in certain areas) if there is a reoccurring issue 
of gates being left open from vendors or assigned a unique gate 
code or lock to hold vendors accountable if a gate is left open
Haynesville Compressor noise  Established a task force focused on each pad site to anticipate and 
mitigate noise and go beyond regulatory requirements; partnered 
with service providers to adopt noise-reducing equipment; such as 
the use of sound reduction technology during hydraulic fracturing 
operations; committed to being proactive and engaging with local 
leaders on these issues 
Dust control and road conditions Utilizing a cement rock layer to strengthen the roads and resolve 
dust issues 
Site security Conducts contractor training and communication to help ensure the 
proper closure of gates so operating sites remain secure; training has 
significantly improved this issue but progress is still needed

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  47
Philanthropy 
We support our communities by partnering with local organizations to 
address under resourced needs. After our merger, it was important to 
us to establish a community presence as Expand Energy and continue 
to serve diverse local needs. 
Launching Expand for Good and New Giving Focus Areas
As part of our integration strategy, we conducted an analysis of legacy 
philanthropic giving to better understand how we can make the most 
sustainable local impact and align with our core values and corporate 
strategy. From this analysis, we developed Expand for Good — our 
philanthropic program that includes targeted company giving, employ-
ee volunteerism and an employee relief fund.
It is our goal to make communities stronger and more resilient through 
our corporate presence. We support this goal by partnering with trusted 
non-profit organizations and investing in areas of need. In 2025, we 
introduced new charitable giving focus areas that align with our core 
values and are streamlined for in-depth giving. Our local Community 
Relations teams also have charitable budgets that are flexible to 
address individual community needs.
In 2024, we donated approximately ~$4 million to 
nonprofit partners across our operations. 
Charitable Giving Highlights and Impact Stories 
Sponsoring Meals for Seniors (Haynesville)
Expand Energy volunteered and sponsored the fourth annual Thanksgiving Holiday Senior Meal Delivery in partnership with the Caddo Council 
on Aging, Mount Canaan Baptist Church and Representative Steven Jackson. More than 1,200 meals were delivered on Thanksgiving morning 
to seniors across Caddo Parish. 
Honoring Hometown Heroes (NE App)
We partnered with the Northern Tier Veterans Group to sponsor all the Hometown Heroes banners in Towanda, Pennsylvania. These banners, which 
were torn and faded, celebrate and honor local military veterans. The group is working to replace all banners throughout the summer of 2025.
Building a New Playground (SW App)
In part due to a company donation, Bethlehem Elementary (West Virginia) introduced a new playground at its school. At the playground’s 
ribbon cutting, the principal expressed that the playground was for the students both during and outside of school, further emphasizing the 
larger community impact of the project.
Supporting a New Generation of Teachers (Oklahoma City)
In Oklahoma City, Expand Energy sponsors the Teacher Pipeline Program in partnership with the Oklahoma City Public Schools Foundation. 
Through our private funding, the Foundation covers the tuition, fees and books for paraprofessionals looking to advance their careers and 
become teachers. The program also serves to increase diversity in teacher ranks.
Sponsoring Junior Achievement (Spring)
Expand Energy has an integrated partnership with Junior Achievement of Southeast Texas. In addition to participating in and sponsoring the 
organization’s various fundraisers, our employees also volunteered in immersive business learning experiences throughout 2024 and the 
nonprofit hosted several activities in our conference center.
Partnering with United Way
In tandem with our charitable giving program, we host an annual 
company-wide fundraising campaign to benefit local United Way 
chapters. Through a variety of employee-driven activities and events, 
our corporate campus and field offices raise awareness and collect 
donations for the organization and its beneficiaries. 
 
Expand Energy and its employees raised nearly $800,000 for local 
United Way chapters across three states in 2024. From participating  
in special events to donating through payroll deduction, employees 
gave generously to support our neighbors in need. 
Expand Energy Charitable Focus Areas
Environment
Community Development
STEM Education
For Stephane Paluda, Community Relations Manager (SW App), no day 
is the same as she works to build and maintain community relation-
ships on behalf of the company.
How do you decide which causes or community programs to  
support and what role do employees play in this process?
Community investment is considered on a case-by-case basis. I 
always tell partners to send me anything and everything, so that we 
can continually evaluate opportunities and best understand our 
communities’ changing needs.
Employees play a large role in our community engagement efforts, 
bringing us new ideas for partnerships and volunteer opportunities. 
One example is our annual Earth Day celebration. This project (a 
creek clean-up and trout restocking event) was started and continues 
to be led by Bill Vavrek from our water team.
Bill created this project because of passion for fishing, giving 
back and commitment to stewardship. Now, this event includes 
all our SW App employees as we collectively work to keep the Big 
Wheeling Creek healthy.
You have extensive oil and gas industry experience. How do you 
see the industry supporting local community development?
As a first-generation college student, I stumbled into this industry. I 
started as an intern for a local oil and gas trade group, and I’ve spent 
my entire career doing community outreach.
I’m lucky to be able to see our partnerships up close, every day. We 
sit on the boards; we are top funders and active volunteers; and we’re 
the problem solvers when there’s a local crisis. I always say that if you 
have a problem, the oil and gas industry can fix it. Not only do we give 
back with our time, talent and treasure, but we always show up to 
help when our neighbors are in need.
Which core value resonates with you most?
Learn — I live this value personally and professionally. Good enough 
isn’t good for me. I always strive to ensure that my work product is 
better and better year after year and that I’m finding ways to improve 
myself and my skill set. I work to keep an open mind and always seek 
new ways to go above and beyond.
Stephanie Paluda
Community Affairs Manager
We are committed to increasing access to affordable, reliable, 
lower carbon energy across the world.  While this means 
building a more sustainable energy future globally, we are also 
working to expand opportunities in the local communities 
where we operate. In short, we are thinking global and acting 
local — we are expanding for good.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  48
Volunteering
We recognize that giving back should be comprehensive. While charitable donations are the backbone of our philanthropic program, we also 
encourage community engagement through volunteerism and employee support. Employees may use eight hours of company time per year to 
volunteer at the nonprofit of their choice. 
Spring Expand Energy employees support-
ed CYCLE, building and delivering more 
than 250 bicycles to elementary schools 
in Conroe, Texas. CYCLE targets second 
grade students in lower socio-economic 
schools, encouraging them to read and 
write book reports to earn a new bicycle.
For the second year, we hosted ‘Energy Day’ for Leadership Wheeling 
(West Virginia). During the day, 25 local community leaders learned the 
fundamentals of oil and gas development which included a tour of one 
of our active well pads. Through this volunteering activity, we educate 
local leadership about the importance of oil and natural gas develop-
ment for the SW App region. 
Each month, NE App employees volunteer 
at Child Hunger Outreach Partners (CHOP) 
packing bags of food for Bradford County 
(Pennsylvania) children facing food inse-
curity. In 2024, 100% of NE App employees 
volunteered through company-organized 
volunteer activities. 
A team of Oklahoma City employees volunteered with 
Positive Tomorrows during its Super Kids Day. Expand 
Energy has been a decades-long supporter of this organiza-
tion — Oklahoma’s only school and social services agency 
specifically for children and families experiencing home-
lessness. During Super Kids Day (the last day of school), 
each student was made to feel like a ‘Super Kid’ by engaging 
in more than 30 field games. 
Expand Energy interns and their mentors volunteered with the Bethlehem, 
West Virginia, Bed Ministry to coordinate, collect and set up donations to 
create ‘move-in-ready’ bedrooms for those in need of housing assistance. 
Through their service, our employees delivered and assembled 25 bedroom 
sets for 15 families in the community. 
Our Sayre (Pennsylvania) field office 
hosted two blood drives in 2024 during 
which employees donated enough blood 
to save nearly 150 lives. 
In the Haynesville, we partnered with Red River Restoration Center for 
its annual Christmas giveaway. Red River Restoration Center works 
with schools in Red River Parish (Louisiana) to identify students and 
families that need assistance during the holidays. More than 150 
families participated in the center’s 2024 holiday party during which 
Expand Energy employees served food and assembled bicycles. The 
company also sponsored the event.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  49
Performance Metrics
COMPANY PROFILE 2024
Operated wells 5,500
Proved reserves (Bcfe) 20,800
Tax Incurred (state and federal) $275 million
HEALTH AND SAFETY 2024
Serious Injury and Fatality (SIF) Events (Actual) 1
Employee Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) 0.28
Employee Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) 0.05
Employee Days Away, Restricted or Transferred (DART) rate 0.14
Employee fatalities 0
Contractor TRIR 0.11
Contractor LTIR 0.03
Contractor DART rate 0.06
Contractor fatalities 0
Combined TRIR (employee and contractor) 0.13
Combined LTIR (employee and contractor) 0.03
Combined DART (employee and contractor) 0.07
Motor vehicle accident rate 1.74
WORKFORCE 2024
Employee headcount(1) ~1,700
Women in workforce 23%
In leadership (supervisor level and above) 20%
Individual contributors 24%
Ethnic minorities in workforce 15%
In leadership (supervisor level and above) 5%
Individual contributors 18%
COMMUNITIES 2024
Charitable giving(2) ~$4 million
ENVIRONMENT 2024
DIRECT AND INDIRECT EMISSIONS
Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions  
(million metric tons CO2e)(3) 1.77
Carbon dioxide (million metric tons) 1.35
Methane (million metric tons CO2e) 0.41
Methane (metric tons CH4) 14,738
Methane (% of scope 1) 23%
Nitrous oxide (million metric tons CO2e) 0.001
Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity  
(metric tons CO2e / gross operated mboe produced)(3) 2.8
Scope 1 Methane emissions intensity (volume methane 
emissions / volume gross natural gas produced)(3) 0.02%
Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions sources  
(metric tons CO2e)(3) 1,767, 247
Flared hydrocarbons (metric tons CO2e) 0
Other combustion (metric tons CO2e) 1,342,681
Process emissions (metric tons CO2e) 13,663
Other vented emissions (metric tons CO2e) 372,295
Fugitive emissions (metric tons CO2e) 27,14 6
Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions  
(million metric tons CO2e)(4) 0.02
Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity 
 (metric tons CO2e / gross operated mboe produced) 2.8
Scope 3 Greenhouse gas emissions  
(million metric tons CO2e)(5) 130
WATER USAGE
Total water consumed (bbls) 125,179,369
Water efficiency rate 
 (water used (bbl) / gross boe produced)) 0.20
Freshwater intensity rate 
 (freshwater consumed (bbl) / gross boe produced)) 0.18
Total volume of produced water recycled / reused (bbl) 12,231,695
Water recycling rate  
(water recycled (bbl) / total water consumed (bbl) 0.098
Total freshwater withdrawn from regions with high or 
extremely high baseline water stress (bbl)(6) 0
(1)   To align with the 10-K filing the employee headcount has been rounded and is inclusive of approximately 
200 employees temporarily assisting in our integration efforts
(2)   The 2024 reported value reflects financial contributions (donations and sponsorships (legacy Southwest-
ern only))
(3)   Emissions estimate developed under the EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (operated onshore 
production)
(4)   Expand Energy calculates its reported emissions using EPA eGRID emissions factors.
Unless otherwise noted, the performance metrics included in this report reflect year-end operations and are inclusive of our combined assets. 
Although the data in this report is based on accepted methodologies and assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, they 
should not be considered as guarantees, and may be subject to further revisions. Data and information included in this report were subject to in -
ternal review and are believed to be correct at the time of reporting. Data may include divested assets until divestitures’ closing dates. For certain 
reporting elements, later revisions or changes in categorization could affect data after publication.
Year-Over-Year Performance Metrics(7) 
HEALTH AND SAFETY 2024 2023 2022
Employee Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) 0.28 0.18 0.27
Contractor TRIR 0.11 0.12 0.17
Combined TRIR (employee and contractor) 0.13 0.13 0.18
ENVIRONMENT 2024 2023 2022
Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions  
(million metric tons CO2e)(3) 1.77 2.37 3.20
Scope 1 Methane emissions intensity (volume methane 
emissions / volume gross natural gas produced)(3) 0.02% 0.02% 0.05%
Scope 2 Greenhouse gas emissions  
(million metric tons CO2e)(4) 0.02 0.007 0.06
Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity  
(metric tons CO2e / gross operated mboe produced) 2.8 3.0 4.2
ENVIRONMENT CONTINUED 2024
SPILLS TO THE ENVIRONMENT
Hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl outside of  
secondary containment (number of spills) 5
Hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl outside of  
secondary containment (total barrels) 10
Hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl outside of  
secondary containment (percent recovered) 100%
Non-hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl outside of 
secondary containment (number of spills) 45
Non-hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl outside of 
secondary containment (total barrels) 373
Non-hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl outside of 
secondary containment (percent recovered) 98%
Spill intensity (produced liquids spilled (bbl) / total 
produced liquids (mbbl)) 0.0047
(5)   Expand Energy reports our estimated indirect Scope 3 emissions on an equity basis using Category 11 of 
the Estimating petroleum industry value chain (Scope 3) greenhouse gas emissions reporting guidance 
developed by IPIECA / API (2016). The calculation methodology applies the EPA’s emission factors for 
listed fuel types; representing indirect end use greenhouse gas emissions of the products created from 
our crude oil and natural gas.
(6)   Volumes reported are based on World Resource Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas annual water  
stress criteria.
(7)   As verified as part of the limited assurance process by a third-party organization, ERM Certification & 
Verification Services Incorporated

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  50
Unless otherwise noted, the performance metrics included in this report reflect year-end 2024 operations and are inclusive of our combined assets. Althought the data in this report is 
based on accepted methodologies and assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, they should not be considered as guarantees, and may be subject to further 
revisions. Data and information included in this report were subject to internal review and are believed to be correct at the time of reporting. Data may include divested assets until 
divestitures’ closing dates. For certain reporting elements, later revisions or changes in categorization could affect data after publication.
(1)  Expand Energy calculates its reported emissions using EPA eGRID subregion emissions factors.
American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) ESG Metrics
TOPIC / INDICATORS (WITH UNIT) 2024
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Scope 1 GHG emissions (metric tons CO2e) 1,767,247
Scope 1 GHG intensity (GHG emissions (metric tons CO2e) / gross annual production  
as reported under subpart w of EPA’s GHG Reporting Program (mboe)) 2.8
Percent of Scope 1 GHG emissions attributed to boosting and gathering segment 0
Scope 2 GHG emissions (metric tons CO2e)(1) 22,662
Scopes 1 and 2 combined GHG intensity  
(Scope 1 GHG emissions (metric tons CO2e) + Scope 2 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) /  
gross annual production as reported under subpart w of EPA’s GHG Reporting Program (mboe))
2.8
Scope 1 methane emissions (metric tons CH4) 14,738
Scope 1 methane intensity — (methane emissions (metric tons CH4) / gross annual production as  
reported under subpart w of EPA’s GHG Reporting Program (mboe)) 0.02%
Percent of Scope 1 methane emissions attributed to boosting and gathering segment 0
Flaring
Gross annual volume of flared gas (mcf) 0
Percentage of gas flared per mcf of gas produced  
(Gross annual volume of flared gas (mcf) / gross annual gas production (mcf)) 0%
Volume of gas flared per barrel of oil equivalent produced  
(Gross annual volume of flared gas (mcf) / gross annual production (boe)) 0
Spills
Spill intensity (produced liquids spilled (bbl)/ total produced liquids (mbbl)) 0.0047
Water Use
Freshwater intensity (freshwater consumed (bbl) / gross annual production (boe)) 0.18
Water recycling rate (water recycled (bbl) / total water consumed (bbl)) 0.098
Does your company use WRI Aqueduct, GEMI, Water Risk Filter, Water Risk Monetizer,  
or other comparable tool or methodology to determine the water stressed areas in your portfolio? WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas
TOPIC / INDICATORS (WITH UNIT) 2024
Safety
Employee TRIR (# of employee OSHA recordable cases x 200,000 / annual employee workhours) 0.28
Contractor TRIR (# of contractor OSHA recordable cases x 200,000 / annual contractor workhours) 0.11
Combined TRIR (# of combined OSHA recordable cases x 200,000 / annual combined workhours) 0.13
Supporting Data
Gross annual oil production (bbl) 7,510,000
Gross annual gas production (mcf) 3,751,100,000
Gross annual production (boe) 636,110,750
Gross annual production (mboe) 640,000
Gross annual production — as reported under subpart w of EPA’s GHG Reporting Program (mboe) 634,062
Total produced liquids (mbbl) 58,616
Produced liquids spilled (bbl) 277
Freshwater consumed (bbl) 112,947,673
Recycled water (bbl) 12,231,695
Total water consumed (bbl) 125,179,369
Employee OSHA recordable cases 6
Contractor OSHA recordable cases 20
Combined OSHA recordable cases 26
Annual employee workhours 4,319,011
Annual contractor workhours 35,736,339
Annual combined workhours 40,055,350

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  51
Independent Limited Assurance Report
ERM Certification & Verification Services Incorporated (“ERM CVS”) was engaged by Expand Energy Corporation (“Expand Energy”) to 
provide limited assurance in relation to the Selected Information set out below and presented in Expand Energy’s 2024 Sustainability 
Report (the “Report”).
Engagement Summary
Scope of our assurance 
engagement
Whether the following Selected Information for 2024, 2023 and 2022 are fairly presented in the Performance Metrics table 
on page 49 of the Report, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.
Our assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or to any other information 
included in the Report.
Selected Information Environment Metrics: 
•    Scope 1 Greenhouse gas emissions (million metric tons CO2e)
•    Scope 1 Methane emissions intensity (Percent, expressed as volume methane emissions/volume of gross 
natural gas produced)
•    Scope 2 (location-based) Greenhouse gas emissions (million metric tons CO2e)
•    Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse gas emissions intensity (metric tons CO2e/ gross operated mboe produced)
Health and Safety Metrics:
•    Employee Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)  
(number of employee OSHA recordable incidents x 200,000 / annual employee workhours)
•    Contractor Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)  
(number of contractor OSHA recordable incidents x 200,000 / annual contractor workhours)
•    Combined Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)  
(number of combined OSHA recordable incidents x 200,000 / annual combined workhours)
Reporting periods 2024: January 1, 2024 – December 31, 2024
2023: January 1, 2023 – December 31, 2023
2022: January 1, 2022 – December 31, 2022
Reporting criteria •    Expand Energy’s Basis of Reporting (BoR)
•    The GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (WBCSD/WRI Revised Edition 2015)  
for Scope 2 GHG emissions
•    EPA’s Mandatory Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Reporting Rule (40 CFR Part 98 Subparts W and C)
•    SASB Oil & Gas – Exploration & Production Sustainability Accounting Standard, version 2023-12
•    OSHA People Safety metrics – Recording and Reporting Occupational Injuries and Illnesses (29 CFR Part 1904)
Assurance standard 
and level of assurance
We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engage-
ments ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ . 
The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from and are less in extent 
than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance 
engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance 
engagement been performed.
Respective
responsibilities
Expand Energy is responsible for preparing the Report and for the collection and presentation of the information within it, 
and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of internal controls relevant to the preparation and presentation of 
the Report.
ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide a conclusion to Expand Energy on the agreed assurance scope based on our 
engagement terms with Expand Energy, the assurance activities performed and exercising our professional judgement.
Our Conclusion
Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our 
attention to indicate that the Selected Information for 2024, 2023 and 
2022 is not fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the reporting criteria.
Our Assurance Activities
Considering the level of assurance and our assessment of the risk of 
material misstatement of the Selected Information a multi-disciplinary 
team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed a range of 
procedures that included, but was not restricted to, the following: 
•    Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for 
the Selected Information;  
•    Interviewing management representatives responsible for 
managing the Selected Information;  
•    Interviewing relevant staff to understand and evaluate the 
management systems and processes (including internal 
review and control processes) used for collecting and 
reporting the Selected Information;  
•    Reviewing of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence 
supporting the Selected Information at a corporate level;  
•    Performing an analytical review of the year-end data 
submitted by all locations included in the consolidated data 
for the Selected Information which included testing the 
completeness and mathematical accuracy of conversions 
and calculations, and consolidation in line with the stated 
reporting boundary;  
•    Conducting virtual visits to Expand Energy’s operations in 
the Haynesville and Appalachian basins to review source 
data and local reporting systems and controls;  
•    Evaluating the conversion factors, emission factors and 
assumptions used; and  
•    Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the 
assurance scope in the Report to ensure consistency with 
our findings.
The Limitations of Our Engagement
The reliability of the Selected Information is subject to inherent 
uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, calculating 
or estimating the underlying information. It is important to understand 
our assurance conclusions in this context. 
For the 2023 and 2022 data for the Selected Information, our assur-
ance activities were limited to confirming the mathematical accuracy 
of the consolidation prepared by Expand Energy of the data for the 
Greenhouse gas emissions and Health and Safety metrics for 2023 
and 2022 which had previously been reported by Chesapeake Energy 
and Southwestern Energy prior to the merger of these two companies 
to form Expand Energy in 2024, and to conducting interviews with re-
sponsible staff to assess the consistency of the reporting boundaries, 
definitions and calculation methodologies applied to the Greenhouse 
gas emissions and Health and Safety metrics for the 2024, 2023 and 
2022 reporting years.
Our Independence, Integrity and Quality Control
ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accred-
ited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015. Accordingly, we maintain a com-
prehensive system of quality control, including documented policies 
and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory require-
ments. Our quality management system is at least as demanding as 
the relevant sections of ISQM-1 and ISQM-2 (2022). 
ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that 
its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, professional competence 
and high ethical standards in their work. Our processes are designed 
and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake is objective, 
impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest. Our certified 
management system covers independence and ethical requirements 
that are at least as demanding as the relevant sections of the IESBA 
Code relating to assurance engagements. 
ERM CVS has extensive experience in conducting assurance on 
environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, 
systems and processes, and provides no consultancy related services 
to Expand Energy in any respect.  
July 22, 2025
Malvern, PA
ERM Certification & Verification Services Incorporated
www.ermcvs.com | post@ermcvs.com

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  52
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
TOPIC / SASB CODE METRIC CATEGORY DISCLOSURE LOCATION
GHG Emissions
EM-EP-110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 GHG emissions Quantitative Emissions and Air Quality, Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Metrics) 
Our operations are governed by local, state and federal regulations including 
those based on the Clean Air Act. This includes air permitting, emission  
standards, reporting, monitoring and recordkeeping standards.
Gross global Scope 1 GHG emissions intensity rate
Methane emissions as a percentage of gross Scope 1 GHG emissions
Percentage of Scope 1 GHG emissions covered under emissions-limiting regulations
EM-EP-110a.2 (1) Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions from flared hydrocarbons Quantitative Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Metrics)
(2) Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions from other combustion
(3) Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions from process emissions
(4) Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions from other vented emissions
(5) Gross Scope 1 GHG emissions from fugitive emissions
EM-EP-110a.3 Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets,  
and an analysis of performance against those targets
Discussion and Analysis Letter from our CEO; Emissions and Air Quality; Monitoring and Managing  
Emissions; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk Management)
Air Quality
EM-EP-120a.1 Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOx (excluding N2O), Quantitative Emissions and Air Quality
(2) SOx, 
(3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), 
and (4) particulate matter (PM10)
Water Management
EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total fresh water withdrawn Quantitative Water Management; Performance Metrics
(2) Total fresh water consumed
(2) Percentage of each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress
EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water and flow back generated; percentage (1) Discharged Quantitative Water Management; Performance Metrics 
We do not discharge any treated water to surface water or land.(2) Injected
(3) Recycled
Hydrocarbon content in discharged water
EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public disclosure of all fracturing fluid chemicals used Quantitative Land and Biodiversity; Performance Metrics
EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or surface water quality deteriorated compared to a baseline Quantitative Baseline water sampling is discussed in Water Management. We sample water 
sources in our operating areas according to regulatory requirements.
Biodiversity Impacts
EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and practices for active sites Discussion and Analysis Environment; Environmental Policy
EM-EP-160a.2 Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills and volume recovered Quantitative Spill Prevention; Performance Metrics 
 
We do not operate in the Arctic or in / near the shorelines referenced and  
therefore have no spills in these areas.
Number and aggregate volume of non-hydrocarbon (water) spills and volume recovered
Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills in Arctic, volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8 – 10,  
and volume recovered
EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with protected conservation status or endangered  
species habitat
Quantitative Land and Biodiversity

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  53
TOPIC / SASB CODE METRIC CATEGORY DISCLOSURE LOCATION
Security, Human Rights and  
Rights of Indigenous Peoples
EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near areas of conflict Quantitative Since we operate only onshore and in the U.S., we don’t have operations in or 
near areas of conflict
EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near Indigenous land Quantitative We have no active operations on Indigenous land
EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with respect to human rights, Indigenous rights,  
and operation in areas of conflict
Discussion and Analysis Human Rights
Community Relations
EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated with community rights and interests Discussion and Analysis Stakeholder Engagement; Community Engagement and Investment
EM-EP-210b.2 Number and duration of non-technical delays Quantitative We experienced no non-technical delays in 2024
Workforce Health and Safety
EM-EP-320a.1 (1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) Quantitative Workforce Safety; Performance Metrics
(2) Fatality rate Quantitative
(3) Near miss frequency rate (NMFR) Quantitative
(4) Average hours of health, safety, and emergency response training for (a) full-time employees, (b) contract employees,  
and (c) shortservice employees
Quantitative
EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety throughout the exploration and production lifecycle Discussion and Analysis Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
Reserves Valuation and Capital Expenditures
EM-EP-420a1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price projection scenarios that account for a price on carbon emissions Quantitative 2024 Climate Report (Portfolio Resilience)
EM-EP-420a.2 Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved hydrocarbon reserves Quantitative
EM-EP-420a.3 Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue generated by renewable energy sales Quantitative We utilize certain renewable energy sources as part of our daily operations, 
including solar, to power certain site equipment. We continue to evaluate renew-
able energy investment as a potential forward-looking strategy for the company.
EM-EP-420a.4 Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate regulation influence the capital expenditure strategy  
for exploration, acquisition, and development of assets
Discussion and Analysis 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk Management, Portfolio Resilience)
Business Ethics and Transparency
EM-EP-510a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in countries that have the 20 lowest rankings in Transparency  
International’s Corruption Perception Index
Quantitative We only operate in the U.S. and there do not have any reserves in the countries 
mentioned. 
EM-EP-510a.2 Description of the management system for prevention of corruption and bribery throughout the value chain Discussion and Analysis Ethics and Integrity
Management of the Legal and  
Regulatory Environment 
EM-EP-530a.1 Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy proposals that address environmental  
and social factors affecting the industry
Discussion and Analysis Political and Trade Participation; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk  
Management)
Critical Incident Risk Management
EM-EP-540a.1 Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) of greater consequence (Tier 1) Quantitative
EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate catastrophic and tail-end risks Discussion and Analysis Risk Management; Workforce Safety; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and  
Risk Management)
Activity Metrics
EM-EP-000.A Production of: (1) Oil Quantitative AXPC ESG Metrics; we don’t produce synthetic oil or synthetic gas.
(2) Natural gas Quantitative
(3) Synthetic oil Quantitative
(4) Synthetic gas Quantitative
EM-EP-000.B Number of offshore sites Quantitative We only perform work onshore and in the U.S.
EM-EP-000.C Number of terrestrial sites Quantitative Performance Metrics
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) continued

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  54
Ipieca, American Petroleum Institute (API) and International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP)
Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry
INDICATOR CORE REPORTING ELEMENTS DISCLOSURE LOCATION
Governance and Business Ethics
GOV-1: Governance approach CI: Describe your governance architecture, including the role of the board, board committees, board diversity, executives, managers, the workforce and stakeholders Oversight and Accountability; 2024 Climate Report (Governance);  
2025 Proxy
C2: Describe your code of conduct, values and principles and how they relate to sustainability Ethics and Integrity; Code of Business Conduct, Core Values webpage
C3: Describe the way in which your board reviews sustainability issues, including risks and opportunities, supported by examples of their work in action Sustainability Oversight; Risk Management; 2024 Climate Report  
(Governance); 2025 Proxy
C4: Provide an overview of, or list, your corporate policies that address sustainability issues Ethics and Integrity
C5: Set out how your board and executives monitor strategic performance and goals Sustainability Strategy and Highlights; Sustainability Oversight;  
Tying Compensation to Sustainability Targets; Oversight and  
Accountability; 2024 Climate Report (Governance); 2025 Proxy
GOV-2: Management systems C1: Describe the structure and scope of your management systems related to sustainability issues, including ethics and compliance (including the arrangements for 
non-operated joint ventures)
Sustainability Oversight; Oversight and Accountability; Ethics and  
Integrity; Supply Chain Management
C2: Discuss how your system helps you assess and address impacts, risks and opportunities and develop actions to mitigate negative and foster positive consequence Stakeholder Engagement; Risk Management; Community Investment and 
Engagement; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk Management); 10-K
C3: Describe your company-wide standards that set performance requirements for assets, including internal standards or external international / national standards that 
you follow
Sustainability Strategy and Highlights; Oversight and Accountability; 
Ethics and Integrity; Environmental Management; Supply Chain Manage-
ment; 2024 Climate Report (Our Commitment to a Lower Carbon Future)
C4: Describe how your leadership team supports your system at all levels, including how they demonstrate their commitment and how you foster a strong, positive culture 
throughout the organization
Sustainability Oversight; Oversight and Accountability; Our People; 2024 
Climate Report (Governance)
GOV-3: Preventing corruption C1: Describe your governance and management approach, policies, codes of conduct and internal controls, related to prevention of bribery and corruption Oversight and Accountability; Ethics and Integrity; Supply Chain  
Management; Anti-Corruption Policy
C2: Describe your employee awareness and training programmes Oversight and Accountability; Ethics and Integrity
C3: Discuss how your anti-corruption policies and due diligence procedures apply to your business partners, including suppliers and contractors Ethics and Integrity; Supply Chain Management; Supplier Code of  
Conduct
C4: Outline your processes for reporting, review and follow-up of suspected non-compliances Oversight and Accountability; Ethics and Integrity; Supply Chain  
Management
GOV-4: Transparency of payments to  
host governments
C1: Provide a general overview of your policies and programmes on revenue transparency We only operate in the U.S., paying local, state and federal taxes.  
Our taxes paid are listed in Community Engagement and Investment and 
our Performance Metrics.
C2: Describe the scope of your legal and policy mandates for government revenue reporting with which you are obliged to comply Not applicable – see above
C3: Describe your participation in the EITI, where relevant, or any other voluntary reporting initiatives on revenue transparency Not applicable – see above
C4: Disclose, or reference sources of disclosure for, your payments to host governments, where reporting is subject to governmental legal or policy mandates, or EITI 
requirements
Not applicable – see above
GOV-5: Public advocacy and lobbying C1: Describe your governance approach and management processes on advocacy and lobbying Political and Trade Participation; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk 
Management)
C2: Describe your approach to reporting political contributions, where applicable for your company Political and Trade Participation
Climate Change and Energy
CCE-1: Climate governance and strategy C1: Describe your approach to governance and management of climate-related risks and opportunities, including board-level accountabilities and processes that allow 
related issues and impacts to be considered when making strategic business decisions
Emissions and Air Quality; 2024 Climate Report (Governance, Strategy 
and Risk Management)
C2: Report the highest-level position in your company that is accountable for policy and strategy on addressing climate-related risks and opportunities Emissions and Air Quality; 2024 Climate Report (Governance)
C3: Disclose your positions and any related policies that address climate-related risks and opportunities for society and ecosystems 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk Management)
C4: Discuss the relationship between future energy supply / demand balances and your climate policy and strategy, including how the transition risk to lower-carbon  
energy may influence your asset base, business performance and value
2024 Climate Report (Portfolio Resilience)

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  55
INDICATOR CORE REPORTING ELEMENTS DISCLOSURE LOCATION
CCE-2: Climate risk and opportunities C1: Describe your general approach to managing climate-related risks and opportunities, including discussion on: 
 - identification and evaluation of risks and opportunities 
 - incorporation of risks and opportunities are into business 
 - strategies and planning for existing operations and new projects 
 - risks and opportunities related to energy transition 
 - risk mitigation opportunities through nature based solutions; and 
 - physical climate-related risks, such as rising sea levels or flood risk
2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk Management)
C2: Outline your GHG emissions management strategy, including plans, commitments, investments and activities to mitigate GHG emissions within your operations. Sustainability Fundamentals and Highlights; Emissions and Air Quality; 
2024 Climate Report (Our Commitment to a Lower Carbon Future)
C3: Explain how you assess, prioritize and manage methane risks and impacts as part of your overall GHG emissions management strategy Emissions and Air Quality; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk  
Management)
C4: If you have quantitative GHG emission or energy-related targets, describe the: 
 - scope of your targets — total GHG, CO2 , methane, other GHGs, energy use, and/or flaring; 
 - type of targets (absolute or intensity) 
 - targets already underway or planned 
 - approach used to measure progress towards these targets 
 - baseline period and timescale, along with progress towards meeting your targets
Sustainability Fundamentals and Highlights; Emissions and Air Quality; 
Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Our Commitment to a Lower 
Carbon Future)
CCE-3: Lower carbon technology C1: Describe how you introduce and apply technologies that reduce CO2 emissions, that relate to: 
- operations (Scope 1) 
- imported electricity and steam (Scope 2) 
- as applicable, consumer use of products (Scope 3)
Emissions and Air Quality; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk  
Management)
C2: As applicable, discuss your approach to supply of lower-carbon and/or alternative energy, including descriptions of relevant operational activities, plans or projects.  
If relevant, include: 
 - data on amount and type of energy supplied; and 
 - management of any associated social or environmental impact
2024 Climate Report
CCE-4: GHG emissions C1: Report your company-wide direct GHG emissions (Scope 1), using your preferred approach (operational, equity share or other) to include: 
 - direct CO2 
 - direct CH4 
 - direct other greenhouse gases
Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report 
(Metrics)
C2: Report your company-wide indirect GHG emissions related to imported energy (Scope 2), separate from direct emissions, using the same approach as for C1 Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; AXPC ESG Metrics; 2024 
Climate Report (Metrics)
C3: Report your GHG emissions, disaggregated by business activity. For example, oil and gas production, refining Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; AXPC ESG Metrics;  
Specific to our business activity, we only have upstream operations.
C4: Report your GHG emissions intensity, company-wide and, if appropriate, disaggregated by business activity Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; AXPC ESG Metrics;  
2024 Climate Report (Metrics)
CCE-5: Methane emissions C1: Describe your approach to managing methane emissions, including: 
· responsibilities for management of methane-related climate issues; 
· risk assessment and mitigation plans; and 
· direct or estimated measurement and monitoring methods
Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report 
(Governance, Strategy and Risk Management)
C2: Discuss your performance in managing methane emissions (as reported in CCE-4) by source and activity in terms of total absolute emissions and emission intensities
CCE-6: Energy use C1: Report your company’s total energy use
C2: Discuss your initiatives and progress towards improving energy efficiency and consuming less energy 
For example, many companies are producing energy on site and using combined heat and power (also known as cogeneration) plants to improve energy efficiency
Emissions and Air Quality; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk  
Management)
Ipieca, American Petroleum Institute (API) and International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) continued
Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  56
INDICATOR CORE REPORTING ELEMENTS DISCLOSURE LOCATION
CCE-7: Flared natural gas C1: Report the total quantity of hydrocarbon gas flared from your operations Performance Metrics; AXPC ESG Metrics 
In 2024, we had no flared hydrocarbons.
C2: Indicate geographical locations of significant flaring In 2024, we had no flared hydrocarbons.
C3: State any commitments or targets you have set that relate to flaring, including collaboration with cross-industry initiatives Monitoring and Managing Emissions; Performance Metrics
C4: Report contribution of flaring to your total GHG emissions in CO2e 0
C5: Describe your current and future flare reduction activities, including long-term reduction improvements versus short-term operational fluctuations Monitoring and Managing Emissions
Environment
ENV-1: Freshwater C1: Report the total volume of freshwater you withdraw Water Management; Performance Metrics
C2: Report the total volume of freshwater you consume Water Management; Performance Metrics; AXPC ESG Metrics
C3: Provide a list and/or a percentage of your projects and operations that are in water-stressed or water-scarce areas Water Management; Performance Metrics; AXPC ESG Metrics
C4: Report the percentage of freshwater you withdraw or consume in water-stressed or water-scarce areas, detailing how you reached that percentage Water Management; Performance Metrics; AXPC ESG Metrics
C5: Report the total reduction in freshwater withdrawn or consumed due to your water reduction measures, including water you replace or recycle / reuse within your 
reporting boundaries
ENV-2: Discharges to water C1: For upstream facilities, report the quantity of hydrocarbons (in metric tonnes) and/or annual average concentrations (in mg/l or ppm) in produced water and process 
wastewater that you discharge to surface water
We don’t discharge any treated water to surface water or for land  
application.
C2: For refineries and other downstream facilities, report the quantity of hydrocarbons (in metric tonnes) and/or annual average concentrations (in mg/l or ppm) that you 
discharge to surface water
Not applicable
ENV-3: Biodiversity policy and strategy C1:Describe your biodiversity management approach, including policy, positions, goals, strategies, risk / impact assessments, mitigation plans and outcomes. This can 
include how you apply the mitigation hierarchy and international biodiversity standards in your operational planning, from early concept through to decommissioning
Environmental Management; Environmental Protection During Key Opera-
tional Stages; Environmental Policy; Biodiversity Stewardship Position
C2: Provide examples or case studies of operating areas where you have put biodiversity management activities and adaptive management in place Land and Biodiversity
C3: Set out your processes for identifying and managing activities in sensitive operating areas, such as Biodiversity Actions Plans. Include the criteria you use to  
determine sensitivity and any applicable metrics
Land and Biodiversity, Biodiversity Stewardship Position
ENV-4: Protected and priority areas for  
biodiversity conservation
C1: Provide a list and/or a percentage of your projects and operations that are in or near protected areas and priority sites for biodiversity conservation
C2: Describe your commitments, including avoidance and mitigation measures, that relate to projects and operations in or near protected areas and priority sites for 
biodiversity conservation
Land and Biodiversity, Biodiversity Stewardship Position
ENV-5: Emissions to air C1: Report your total emissions, by category: 
 - volatile organic compounds (VOCs) 
 - sulphur oxides (SOX) 
 - nitrogen oxides (NOX)
Emissions and Air Quality
C2: Discuss how you monitor and manage the impact of your operations on local air quality, including any technologies you use, such as those that remove or treat  
combustion emissions in operations or fuel products
Emissions and Air Quality
ENV-6: Spills to the environment C1: Describe your strategies and risk-based approach to prevent accidental releases of hydrocarbons / other materials to the environment Spill Prevention
C2: Report the number and volume of hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl reaching the environment Spill Prevention; Performance Metrics, AXPC ESG Metrics
C3: Provide case studies or examples of significant spills, as determined by the company, which may include descriptions of the following: 
 - your response measures to address immediate and long-term effects 
 - any secondary effects on local communities and stakeholders 
 - your stakeholder engagement 
 - incident investigation findings, if available, including root cause  
 - actions you are taking to prevent recurrence and share lessons
C4: Describe your emergency preparedness and response programmes, plans, organizational structures and affiliations for an effective response to spills and other 
emergencies. Your description may include the development and checking of contingency plans, including aspects such as training, skills development, and emergency 
response exercises.
Risk Management; Business Continuity and Emergency Planning;  
Emergency Preparedness and Response; Spill Prevention
Ipieca, American Petroleum Institute (API) and International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) continued
Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  57
INDICATOR CORE REPORTING ELEMENTS DISCLOSURE LOCATION
ENV-7: Materials management C1: Describe your approach to materials management. This may include your operational strategies to optimize design, minimize the amount of materials you use,  
and promote efficient use while ensuring sustainable recovery and regeneration for further beneficial use.
Land and Biodiversity; Solid Waste Management
C2: Describe your efforts to minimize the generation and disposal of waste, to increase reuse and recycling and to continuously improve your materials management 
practices
Solid Waste Management; Water Management 
C3: Report the quantities of waste that you: 
 - generate 
 - dispose 
 - recycle, reuse or recover
You may report hazardous and non-hazardous waste separately, or total waste, stating that this includes both hazardous and non-hazardous material.
Solid Waste Management; Water Management
ENV-8: Decommissioning C1: Describe your approach to planning and executing decommissioning activities for offshore and onshore assets Land and Biodiversity; Biodiversity Stewardship Position
C2: Provide information on management of materials recovered from decommissioning activities including any applicable data on the percentage of materials reuse and 
recycling, achieved or planned, for significant decommissioning projects (i.e. for major facilities such as offshore production rigs, refineries or major pipelines / terminals)
Land and Biodiversity
Safety, Health and Security
SHS-1: Safety, health and security engagement C1: Describe your approach to managing workforce participation in safety, health and security Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
C2: Outline your overall approach to safety, health and security training for the employees and contractors that make up your workforce 
 
Include information on whether training initiatives are extended to other parties, such as non-operated joint ventures, business partners, suppliers, security forces, public 
emergency response groups, consumers and local communities 
Workforce Safety; Supply Chain Management
C3: Discuss the coverage of your safety, health and security engagement programmes and the extent to which you include contractors Physical Security; Workforce Safety; Supply Chain Management
SHS-2: Workforce and community health C1: Describe your processes and programmes for identifying and addressing significant workforce health issues at the local, regional and global level, together with  
any results and plans
Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
C2: Describe aspects of your management systems that are specific to health and any improvements you have planned or made Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
C3: Describe your proactive wellness initiatives that encourage the adoption of healthier lifestyles, including nutrition, fitness and awareness of health risk factors. Occupational Health and Well-Being
SHS-3: Occupational injury and illness incidents C1: Report your work-related injuries separately for employees and contractors, including:  
- total recordable injury frequency 
- lost time injury frequency 
- number of fatalities (excluding illness fatalities) 
- fatal accident rate (excluding illness fatalities) 
- fatal incident rate
Workforce Safety; Performance Metrics
C2: Describe any significant incidents that occurred during your reporting year, detailing the impact and actions taken in response Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Management System;  
Workforce Safety
C3: Describe any initiatives to improve your safety performance Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
C4: Describe safety incident trends and the most common causes of work-related incidents together with any initiatives you have introduced to address these causes Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Management System;  
Workforce Safety
SHS-4: Transport safety C1: Describe your risk management approach to transport safety, including policies and practices required within your management systems Workforce Safety
C2: Report the number of work-related workforce (employee or contractor) fatalities caused by transport incidents
C3: Describe your efforts to engage with external parties, including local communities and authorities, to improve transport safety, including education and training and 
implementation of new technology
Community Engagement and Investment
SHS-5: Product stewardship C1: For petroleum consumer products, such as fuels, petrochemicals and hydrocarbon-derived polymers and lubricants, discuss your approach to product  
assessments, for new and existing products and how you address any findings
Not Applicable
C2: Describe how you communicate product HSE hazards and risk controls to your customers and the general public, including information on transportation and  
handling of products
Not Applicable
C3: Describe your approach to health, safety and environmental management of products Not Applicable 
Ipieca, American Petroleum Institute (API) and International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) continued
Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  58
INDICATOR CORE REPORTING ELEMENTS DISCLOSURE LOCATION
SHS-6: Process safety C1: Number of Tier 1 process safety events reported separately for each major business activity, such as refining or upstream
C2: Provide qualitative descriptions of any significant process safety events that occurred during the reporting year, including your response and lessons learned to  
prevent recurrence
C3: Explain how you review your assessment and management of process safety risks Process Safety
SHS-7: Security risk management C1: Describe your approach to security management for existing operations, projects planned or underway and new locations for business activities, including  
assessment of threats, vulnerabilities and risks
Risk Management; Physical Security
C2: Outline awareness and training processes that address security risks and threat response procedures for your workforce and how you make members of the  
community aware of relevant security risks
Risk Management; Physical Security
C3: Outline your management approach to promoting resilience to cybersecurity threats or attacks Cybersecurity
Social
SOC-1: Human rights due diligence C1: Describe the components of your company’s human rights due diligence approach and how it is applied to company processes to assess, address, monitor and  
communicate actual or potential human rights impacts
Human Rights; Human Rights Policy
C2: Describe processes and practices to provide access to remedy mechanisms at the local level, supported by specific examples as appropriate Land and Biodiversity; Human Rights; Human Rights Policy
C3: Describe how human rights considerations are factored into early phase decision making, including project siting and planning for new projects, with joint venture 
partners, and likewise for decommissioning or sale of operations
C4: Outline the scope, content and tracking of human rights training programmes. You could include figures for people trained in a given year, the proportion trained 
against the population that may need training, and how you measure the effectiveness of training.
C5: Report qualitative measures for tracking the effectiveness of implementation and the outcomes of policies and procedures. For example, human rights considerations 
when evaluating investments.
SOC-2: Suppliers and human rights C1: Describe your approach and processes for promoting respect for human rights by your suppliers Supply Chain Management; Human Rights
C2: Describe how you screen and assess suppliers for social, environmental and human rights-related risks Supply Chain Management
SOC-3: Security and human rights C1: Describe your relevant policies, programmes and processes relating to security and human rights Physical Security; Human Rights
C2: Describe how your security and human rights policies, programmes and processes are implemented at the country, regional or facility-specific level Our Human Rights Policy, Information Security Policy, Code of Business 
Conduct and Supplier Code of Conduct apply to all of our operations 
across the U.S., including each of our field office locations. 
C3: Describe communication efforts to implement your commitments on security and human rights with host governments and authorities, contractors and  
subcontractors, in your supply chain and civil society
We operate in the U.S. only and more than 99% of our suppliers are  
U.S. based. 
SOC-4: Site-based labor practices and  
worker accommodation
C1: Describe your approach to the recruitment and employment of your site-based workforce, including how you communicate your expectations to your suppliers of 
contract labour
Oversight and Accountability; Workforce Safety; Supply Chain  
Management
C2: Describe your approach to monitoring and addressing on-site working conditions, including the quality of worker accommodation Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Management System;  
Workforce Safety; Supply Chain Management
C3: Describe your approach to engaging with contractor management and the workforce so that their recruitment, employment, working and living conditions are aligned 
with your company’s expectations and with relevant national or international laws, standards or guidelines
Supply Chain Management
SOC-5: Workforce diversity and inclusion C1: Describe your policies, programmes and procedures to promote workforce diversity and inclusion, and non-discrimination Oversight and Accountability; Our People
C2: Provide workforce composition data for gender and/or other diversity categories. Our People; Performance Metrics
C3: Discuss workforce composition, particularly with reference to your management positions. Our People; Performance Metrics
SOC-6: Workforce engagement C1: Provide examples of how you engage with your workforce, including examples of approach, frequency, coverage, communication of results and action plans. Stakeholder Engagement; Our People
C2: Set out your approach to handling worker concerns and issues Our People
SOC-7: Workforce training and development C1: Describe the key elements of your approach to training and development Oversight and Accountability; Workforce Safety; Our People
C2: Illustrate how you implement training and development programmes, e.g. hours of training, training investment, number of staff trained Workforce Safety; Our People; Performance Metrics
SOC-8: Workforce non-retaliation and  
grievance mechanisms
C1: Describe your policies, approach and / or mechanisms that aim to secure non-retaliation, non-discrimination and confidentiality when addressing grievances. This 
might extend to access to third-party independent grievance mechanisms.
Ethics and Integrity
Ipieca, American Petroleum Institute (API) and International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) continued
Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  59
INDICATOR CORE REPORTING ELEMENTS DISCLOSURE LOCATION
SOC-9: Local community impacts and  
engagement
C1: Discuss your approach to engagement with relevant stakeholders, including communities, civil society (including human rights defenders), other companies and/or 
governments
Stakeholder Engagement; Community Engagement and Investment
C2: Describe your policies, programmes or procedures for:  
- assessing and addressing local community impacts, including archaeological, historic and cultural sites, and how these considerations are embedded into early phase 
planning and site / route selection 
- engaging with affected stakeholders and responding to their grievances and concerns  
- monitoring the effectiveness of the steps you take to prevent, mitigate and resolve adverse impacts 
- public disclosure of information on your activities and management of impacts
Oversight and Accountability; Stakeholder Engagement; Land and  
Biodiversity; Community Engagement and Investment
C3: Provide case studies that illustrate the effectiveness and results of your engagement with stakeholders and/or how you have managed any impact on local  
communities, their environmental and cultural resources
Community Engagement and Investment
SOC-10: Indigenous peoples C1: Describe your policies, programmes, procedures and practices used to:  
- identify and address your impacts on Indigenous Peoples 
- train your staff on engagement and consultation with Indigenous Peoples 
- engage with Indigenous Peoples to seek a formal agreement or FPIC where needed and to address their grievances, concerns and expectations 
- collaborate on opportunities that create mutual benefits 
- increase Indigenous participation through employment and business opportunities
Human Rights; Human Rights Policy
SOC-11: Land acquisition and involuntary  
resettlement
C1: Describe your policies, programmes and procedures for involuntary resettlement, including engagement processes and practices with affected communities,  
including any international standards you have used
Our current and planned activities don’t involve any involuntary  
settlement of people or their economic activities. Should the potential 
arise for relocation, Expand Energy will conduct meaningful consultation 
with affected peoples and their communities to promote fair and  
just resolutions.
C2: Describe your policies, programmes and procedures for land acquisition, including relationship with compulsory purchase / eminent domain when in the public  
interest
SOC-12: Community grievance mechanisms C1: Describe your community and stakeholder grievance mechanisms Stakeholder Engagement; Ethics and Integrity; Community Engagement 
and Investment
C2: Describe your policies, approach and/or mechanisms for receiving, responding to and resolving external grievances, covering your efforts to manage confidentiality 
and avoid retaliation
Ethics and Integrity; Community Engagement and Investment
SOC-13: Social investment C1: Describe your social investment strategies, programmes and procedures Community Engagement and Investment; Philanthropy
C2: Report your company’s total social investment expenditure Community Engagement and Investment; Philanthropy; Performance 
Metrics
SOC-14: Local procurement and supplier  
development
C1: Describe your strategies, programmes and procedures that are designed to improve the ability of local suppliers and contractors to support operations and projects, 
such as actions that help local suppliers meet company and international standards
Supply Chain Management
SOC-15: Local hiring practices C1: Describe your strategies, programmes and procedures aimed at providing employment opportunities to residents or nationals of host countries We only operate in the U.S. and list our employment numbers in  
Our People and Performance Metrics, as well as our supplier figures  
within Supply Chain Management.
Ipieca, American Petroleum Institute (API) and International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP) continued
Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas Industry

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  60
GRI Universal Standards, GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021
GRI STANDARD DESCRIPTION DISCLOSURE LOCATION
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 2-1 Organizational details Who We Are; 10-K; 2025 Proxy
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting Who We Are; About Our Reporting
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point About Our Reporting; Investor Relations
2-4 Restatements of information Not applicable
2-5 External assurance About Our Reporting; Data Verification Statement
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships Who We Are; Supply Chain Management
2-7 Employees Our People; Performance Metrics; 10-K
2-8 Workers who are not employees
2-9 Governance structure and composition Sustainability Oversight; Oversight and Accountability; 2024 Climate Report (Governance); 2025 Proxy
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body Oversight and Accountability; 2024 Climate Report (Governance); 2025 Proxy
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body Oversight and Accountability; 2024 Climate Report (Governance); 2025 Proxy
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts Oversight and Accountability; 2024 Climate Report (Governance); 2025 Proxy
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts Oversight and Accountability; Risk Management; 2024 Climate Report (Governance, Strategy and  
Risk Management)
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting Sustainability Oversight
2-15 Conflicts of interest Oversight and Accountability; Ethics and Integrity; Code of Business Conduct
2-16 Communication of critical concerns Stakeholder Engagement; Oversight and Accountability; Ethics and Integrity; Risk Management
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body Oversight and Accountability; 2025 Proxy
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body 2025 Proxy 
2-19 Remuneration policies Oversight and Accountability; 2025 Proxy 
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 2025 Proxy 
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio 2025 Proxy 
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Letter from Our CEO; Sustainability Fundamentals and Highlights; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and  
Risk Management)
2-23 Policy commitments Ethics and Integrity; Resources web page
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Ethics and Integrity; Code of Business Conduct; Resources web page
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Stakeholder Engagement; Ethics and Integrity; Community Engagement and Investment
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Stakeholder Engagement; Ethics and Integrity; Community Engagement and Investment
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Oversight and Accountability; Ethics and Integrity; Code of Business Conduct
2-28 Membership associations Political and Trade Participation; Environmental Management; 2024 Climate Report (Our Commitment to  
a Lower Carbon Future)
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder Engagement
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Our People
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-1 Process to determine material topics About Our Reporting
3-2 List of material topics About Our Reporting
3-3 Management of material topics About Our Reporting

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  61
GRI Universal Standards, GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021 continued
GRI STANDARD DESCRIPTION DISCLOSURE LOCATION
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed Community Engagement and Investment; Philanthropy
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk Management)
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans Our People; 2025 Proxy
201-4 Financial assistance received from government Not applicable
GRI 203: Indirect Economic Impacts 2016 203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported Community Engagement and Investment
203-2 Significant indirect economic impacts Community Engagement and Investment; Philanthropy
GRI 204: Procurement Practices 2016 204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Supply Chain Management
GRI 205: Anti-corruption 2016 205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption Ethics and Integrity; Human Rights; Code of Business Conduct; Supplier Code of Conduct
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Ethics and Integrity
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken
GRI 206: Anti-competitive Behavior 2016 206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices Any material litigation or threatened litigation is noted in our annual 10-K.
GRI 301: Materials 2016 301-1 Materials used by weight or volume Water Management; Performance Metrics
301-2 Recycled input materials used Water Management; Performance Metrics
301-3 Reclaimed products and their packaging materials Not applicable
GRI 302: Energy 2016 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization
302-2 Energy consumption outside of the organization Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Metrics)
302-3 Energy intensity
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption Emissions and Air Quality; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk Management)
302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products and services
GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Water Management; Land and Biodiversity; Water Stewardship Position Statement 
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts Not applicable; we did not discharge any treated water to surface water or for land application in 2024.
303-3 Water withdrawal Water Management; Performance Metrics
303-4 Water discharge We did not discharge any treated water to surface water or for land application in 2024.
303-5 Water consumption Water Management; Performance Metrics
GRI 304: Biodiversity 2016 304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and areas of  
high biodiversity value outside protected areas
Land and Biodiversity
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services on biodiversity
304-3 Habitats protected or restored Land and Biodiversity; Biodiversity Stewardship Position
304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in areas affected  
by operations
GRI 305: Emissions 2016 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Metrics)
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Metrics)
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Metrics)
305-4 GHG emissions intensity Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Metrics)
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Emissions and Air Quality; Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Strategy and Risk Management, Targets)
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)
305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant air emissions Emissions and Air Quality

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  62
GRI Universal Standards, GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021 continued
GRI STANDARD DESCRIPTION DISCLOSURE LOCATION
GRI 306: Waste 2020 306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related impacts Solid Waste Management; Water Management
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts Solid Waste Management; Water Management
306-3 Waste generated Solid Waste Management; Water Management; Performance Metrics
306-4 Waste diverted from disposal Land and Biodiversity; Solid Waste Management; Water Management
306-5 Waste directed to disposal
GRI 308: Supplier Environmental Assessment 2016 308-1 New suppliers that were screened using environmental criteria Supply Chain Management; Supplier Code of Conduct 
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain and actions taken
GRI 401: Employment 2016 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Our People
401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees Our People
401-3 Parental leave Our People
GRI 402: Labor/Management Relations 2016 402-1 Minimum notice periods regarding operational changes We report any material changes to our strategy and operations in our 10-K and 10-Q disclosures.
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) Management System; Workforce Safety; Contractor Safety Management; 
Occupational Health and Well-Being
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Workforce Safety; Process Safety
403-3 Occupational health services Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and communication on occupational health and safety Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
403-6 Promotion of worker health Workforce Safety; Contractor Safety Management; Occupational Health and Well-Being
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business  
relationships
Workforce Safety; Occupational Health and Well-Being
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system Our environmental and safety management system, which includes occupational health and safety standards, 
complies with OSHA requirements and covers all of our employees. All contractors are expected to abide by  
the minimum safety requirements and expectations set forth in our Contractor Handbook and Supplier Code  
of Conduct.
403-9 Work-related injuries Workforce Safety; Performance Metrics
403-10 Work-related ill health
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Workforce Safety
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs Our People
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews Our People
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Oversight and Accountability; Performance Metrics; 2024 Climate Report (Governance)
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men
GRI 406: Non-Discrimination 2016 406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions taken
GRI 407: Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016 407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining may  
be at risk
We are not aware of instances where freedom of association and/or collective bargaining was at risk. We further 
mention this in our Human Rights section.
GRI 408: Child Labor 2016 408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor Because we only operate in the U.S. and more than 99% of our suppliers are U.S. based, we do not have operations 
and suppliers at significant risk for child labor incidents. This is also addressed in our Human Rights Policy within 
the Human Rights section.
GRI 409: Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016 409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor Because we only operate in the U.S. and more than 99% of our suppliers are U.S. based, we do not have operations 
and suppliers at significant risk for child labor incidents. This is also addressed in our Human Rights Policy within 
the Human Rights section.

Expand Energy 2024 Sustainability Report  63
GRI Universal Standards, GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021 continued
GRI STANDARD DESCRIPTION DISCLOSURE LOCATION
GRI 410: Security Practices 2016 410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures Physical Security; Human Rights Policy
GRI 411: Rights of Indigenous Peoples 2016 411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples We had no incidents of violations involving rights of Indigenous peoples.
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs Stakeholder Engagement; Community Engagement and Investment
413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local communities Stakeholder Engagement; Community Engagement and Investment
GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Supply Chain Management
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016 415-1 Political contributions Political and Trade Participation
GRI 418: Customer Privacy 2016 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data Cybersecurity