Sustainability Report
2021 Devon Energy
Includes updates since original publication.

THE OVERVIEW SECTION INCLUDES
About This Report 2
C
EO Letter 4
M
essage from Our Board
 6
 
R
eport Summary 7
P
erformance Targets 8
O
perations Overview 9
THE REPORTING SECTION INCLUDES
Performance Metrics 6 9
Reporting Frameworks 7
1
1 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Contents
EnvironmentOverview
THE ENVIRONMENT SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 12
Clima
te Change
 15
A
ir Emissions
 17
W
ater Management
 2
3
Land Conservation 
 25 
and B
iodiversity
 
W
aste Management
 2
7
Spill Prevention
 2
8
Workforce
THE WORKFORCE SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 61
O
ur Culture
 6
2
Diversity, Equity, 
 6
4
and Inclusion
Employee Wellness
 6
7
Governance
THE GOVERNANCE SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 38
C
orporate Governance
 39
E
nterprise Risk 
 4
2 
Management
Shareholder Engagement
 4
3
Public Advocacy
 44
C
ybersecurity
 
46
Ethics and Integrity
 4
7
Emergency Preparedness
 48
Safety
THE SAFETY SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 31 
W
orkforce Safety
 3
2
Well Safety
 3
6
Social
THE SOCIAL SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 50 
C
ommunity Engagement
 5
1
STEM
 
53
Philanthropy
 
56
Volunteerism
 
58
Human Rights
 59
Continuing Commitments. We’re proud to highlight our efforts to 
set high standards as a neighbor, community partner, environmental 
steward and employer.

Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
2 
 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
About This Report
Devon Energy is pleased to present our 2021 
Sustainability Report highlighting our environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) performance and our 
ongoing efforts to improve in all these areas. We’re 
driven to deliver industry-leading results while being 
a good neighbor, valued and effective community 
partner, responsible environmental steward and 
supportive, caring employer.
On January 7, 2021, Devon Energy and WPX Energy completed 
our merger of equals. We are proud to be a leader in the 
energy industry, producing oil and gas that are essential to 
lives and livelihoods around the world. We produce valuable 
commodities that are fundamental to society, and we do so 
in a safe, environmentally responsible and ethical way, while 
striving to deliver strong returns to shareholders.
Based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Devon employs about 
1,600 people whose motto is: Commitment Runs Deep. We 
take this to heart and commit to do the right things the right 
way for everyone who has a stake in our success – investors, 
employees and neighbors alike.
Our commitment to accountability and transparency in reporting 
our ESG progress is reflected in this report. It covers the 
most material policies, programs and performance related to 
our ESG efforts, as determined in a materiality assessment 
described in this section. 
Our company
Materiality assessment
The contents of this report were determined through a 
comprehensive materiality assessment to identify the most 
relevant and impactful performance areas for Devon and  
our key stakeholders. 
Facilitated by a third-party ESG consultant, the assessment 
followed a process recommended by the Oil and Gas Industry 
Guidance on Voluntary Sustainability Reporting, published 
jointly by the International Petroleum Industry Environmental 
Conservation Association (IPIECA), the American Petroleum 
Institute (API) and the International Association of Oil & Gas 
Producers (IOGP). The process included in-depth, one-on-one 
interviews with Devon’s chief executive officer and other 
executive committee members, and a workshop with leaders 
of Devon’s operations, environmental, safety, corporate 
governance, investor relations, human resources, supply chain, 
legal, government affairs, corporate communications and 
community relations departments. Leaders identified key 
stakeholders and material areas for reporting and mapped 
them on a materiality matrix. 
Identify
    L ist all potential issues, both 
existing and emerging
   List input sources
    G ather company input and 
indirect stakeholder input
    U pdate issues list based  
on input
Prioritize
    P rioritize material issues
    D etermine prominence 
 within the report
Check
Confirm adequacy:
   Balanced reporting
    I ssue completeness
Disclose
    O utline the process
    S et out the material issues
Review
     S eek immediate feedback
    I dentify improvement 
actions for the next report
Materiality  
Cycle
Unless otherwise noted, the information in this report  
is presented pro forma for the combination of Devon and 
WPX for 2018, 2019 and 2020 and applies to operated 
assets under each company’s control in the U.S. Certain 
metrics and results that apply to only one of the legacy 
companies will be noted as such.

Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
3 
 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Devon also has evaluated common reporting frameworks, 
including those of IPIECA, the Global Reporting Initiative 
(GRI), the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs). Based on our most recent evaluation, the contents 
of this report are mapped and indexed to IPIECA, TCFD and 
SASB, which we believe track the most relevant indicators  
for Devon and our stakeholders.
Since conducting our initial materiality assessment in 2018 
as previously described, Devon has reviewed material areas 
periodically to ensure they remain relevant and meaningful 
for our stakeholders. As part of the planning process for this 
report, discussions to evaluate current material areas were 
held with Devon executive committee members, members 
of our ESG Steering Committee and Environmental, Health 
and Safety (EHS) Council, and internal subject matter experts. 
External stakeholder materials such as assessments from 
Sustainalytics, MSCI, Institutional Shareholder Services,  
Vigeo Eiris and RobecoSAM, as well as stakeholder 
engagements, also were reviewed.
Based on this assessment process, this report focuses on  
the following top material areas of our ESG performance: 
safety, greenhouse gas emissions, climate change, water 
recycling and conservation, corporate governance, 
shareholder engagement, diversity, equity and inclusion, 
corporate culture, community relationships.
Note that the concept of materiality used to prepare this report 
is not meant to correspond with the concept of materiality 
associated with disclosures required by the U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission. We applied the IPIECA/API/IOGP 
sustainability reporting guidance (4th edition, 2020) definition 
of materiality:    Safety
   Greenhouse gas emissions
   Climate change
   Water recycling and conservation
   Corporate governance
   Stakeholder engagement
   Diversity, equity and inclusion
   Corporate culture
   Community relationships
Based on the assessment process, this 
report focuses on the following top 
material areas of our ESG performance:
About This Report continued
Devon is committed to continuously improving our ESG 
performance and communicating it transparently. We 
invite you to provide your feedback on how we’re doing  
by using our stakeholder contact portal.
CONTACT US
Any topic that – in the view of 
management or stakeholders 
– significantly affects the 
company’ s performance and 
informs external opinion.  
They tend to be issues that 
most affect value creation and 
the economic and reputational 
resilience of a company in a 
positive or negative way .

4 
 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
CEO Letter
Doing the right things the right way
Since Devon Energy and WPX Energy completed our 
merger in January 2021, we’ve been able to quickly 
unite our workforce and advance our business on 
all fronts. I’m excited to lead this premier company 
that has resilience rooted in a half-century of 
achievement, and I’m confident our innovative spirit, 
financial strength and continuous improvement 
mindset will allow us to succeed over the next 50 
years and beyond.
Devon is first and foremost an energy company. Oil and gas 
enable us all to house and feed our families, heat and cool our 
indoor spaces, travel, manufacture necessities and carry out 
other essential activities. We’re proud to produce the energy 
that makes all this possible, and to do it safely, responsibly and 
with care for the environment and our stakeholders. At Devon, 
creating shareholder value through better results in every 
part of our business, including our environmental, social and 
governance performance, is our goal every day.
Guided by values
We’re pursuing both ESG and operational excellence in 
thoughtful ways, and with a sense of urgency. Because we’re 
guided by strong values, one of the first steps our newly 
merged company took was to define the values we all share – 
integrity, relationships, courage and results. These values build 
on each other to drive our performance.
Integrity 
Everything starts with integrity at Devon. Openness and 
honesty are at the core of our relationships, our commitments 
and our actions. We believe integrity requires transparency, 
and we seek to demonstrate both by discussing our ESG efforts 
in this 2021 Sustainability Report, as well as our 2021 Climate 
Change Assessment Report and other public disclosures. 
Relationships 
Interactions based on integrity enable Devon to earn trust 
and establish strong relationships. We seek input from a wide 
variety of stakeholders, listen carefully and work together to 
solve problems. Internally, this approach is giving us momentum 
as we adopt best practices from both legacy companies 
across our business. It also allows us to create constructive 
connections with external stakeholders that help us advance 
our environmental objectives, public advocacy positions and 
community partnerships.
Courage 
Empowered by our strong track record of integrity and our 
respectful relationships, Devon employees are courageous 
in challenging the status quo. We encourage our people 
to take intelligent risks, and not to be paralyzed by fear of 
failure. During the challenging market conditions in 2020 
and throughout the ongoing global public health crisis, we 
have thought carefully about our decision to stick to our 
core activities, making sensible adjustments to consistently 
produce oil and gas. In 2021, courage is also evident in our 
new, aggressive environmental targets and in the corporate 
goals we set each year to challenge ourselves to do better.
Results 
Our corporate culture encourages people to take pride of 
ownership in what they’re working on, and to deliver strong 
results. The Devon team made important strides in ESG in  
the past year, while taking on the challenge to do more.
 
S
etting targets for environmental performance
Internally and externally, we are being called upon to do 
more to address the challenges of climate change. As we focus 
on continuous improvement in everything we do, we have 
set aggressive targets to reduce the carbon intensity of our 
operations. We’ve been focused on this for many years, and 
in fact over the past three years we’ve successfully reduced 
our methane intensity 58%. Now we’re identifying additional 
technologies and best practices to further reduce emissions.
We’re also evaluating opportunities to create value in the 
coming transition to ever-cleaner forms of energy, seeking 
to leverage our strengths and partnerships. As Devon and 
others work toward a lower carbon future, any meaningful 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Rick Muncrief 
President and CEO
Reduction of our 
methane intensity over 
the past three years.58%

gas to mitigate climate change risk and to publicly disclose 
our progress. We’re cultivating a safe, inclusive, diverse and 
equitable work environment, and engaging our communities 
to understand how Devon can make a difference beyond our 
workplace. I’m constantly inspired and encouraged by the great 
attitude and positive outlook of Devon’s people, and am very 
optimistic about the company’s future.
Thank you for taking the time to learn what the Devon team  
is doing to be a safe, ethical and environmentally responsible 
oil and gas producer to a world that demands energy. We 
welcome your thoughts on this report so that we can tailor  
our future reporting and disclosures to your interests.
Sincerely,
Richard E. “Rick” Muncrief
President and CEO
Devon’s values
Relationships
We are caring, connected and 
supportive of our employees 
and stakeholders and succeed 
as one team.
Integrity
Openness and honesty 
unite us and are at the core 
of everything we do.
Courage
We take intelligent risks 
 and share our successes 
and failures to continuously 
improve.
Results
We always seek to 
achieve better results 
and make a positive  
and sustainable impact.
The newly blended values naturally build on one another to achieve results.
5 
 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
CEO Letter continued
advancement is going to require continued investment in all 
types of infrastructure and in particular, electrical infrastructure. 
So it’s incumbent upon us all to be less divisive and more 
constructive in these conversations.
As we move forward, Devon will be thoughtful about capital 
spending to achieve our targets and finding new ways to be 
environmentally responsible in a financially responsible way.
Caring for people
In the past year, we focused our social efforts on the well-
being of our workforce and communities, and on being a 
valued community partner. We accelerated some social 
investments and modified our programs to help our partners 
meet immediate needs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  
With the help of Devon’s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 
Team, we launched new grants for community organizations 
in Oklahoma City. In Tulsa, to honor the community’s support 
of legacy WPX Energy, we made a series of grants to advance 
economic development, education, social services and 
community enrichment. We also worked to deepen our 
understanding of social and racial issues through intentional 
conversations and listening as steps toward improving our 
community and company.
Providing a safe work environment for our employees and 
contractors is our responsibility and an extension of our caring 
culture. We’ve adopted safety best practices from both legacy 
companies and in our 2021 corporate safety goals, we will hold 
ourselves accountable for improved outcomes.
Working for all stakeholders
We’re able to make progress on ESG because the Devon board 
of directors is highly engaged and committed to progressive 
governance that benefits all of our stakeholders. Since 2020, 
we’ve further diversified the board, enhanced its oversight of 
ESG and continued to align executive compensation with the 
interests of our stockholders. Our board endorses our new 
environmental targets and our commitment to public ESG 
disclosures to show we’re accountable for how we do business. 
The world is changing, and Devon is changing with it. To be a 
leading U.S. energy company, we’re working diligently to make 
a positive and sustainable impact for all of our stakeholders. 
Our targets require us to improve how we deliver oil and 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

6 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Message from Our Board
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Overseeing ESG progress
Our board of directors knows that Devon’s success  
is highly dependent on the company’s environmental, 
safety, social and governance-focused efforts. As 
we considered the merger of Devon Energy and 
WPX Energy in late 2020, we explored our vision 
for the performance of the go-forward company 
in light of our shared belief in the importance of 
the ESG-related efforts. We concluded that the 
merger offered a unique operational and cultural 
opportunity: The expanded footprint of the 
combined company would allow us to scale up  
our ESG-related performance.
We quickly followed through on this vision after the merger 
of Devon and WPX in January 2021.  We took a hard look at 
the best practices of each legacy company. To facilitate our 
efforts, we expanded the scope of our board’s Governance 
Committee, re-naming it the Governance, Environmental, 
and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee, to overtly acknowledge 
our heightened focus on these areas. Hand-in-hand with our 
endeavors, management reviewed practices and performance 
at each legacy company and synthesized data in order to 
develop quantitative targets for our ESG priorities. We were 
also attentive to the perspectives of our stakeholders.
Our post-merger work reflects that our board and 
management believe that continuously improving our 
environmental performance is one of our company’s and 
industry’s core responsibilities. Indeed, the board has 
unanimously endorsed Devon’s ambitious new environmental 
targets to lower the company’s carbon impact. These targets 
now directly inform how we allocate capital, employ new 
technologies, optimize production from our assets, and 
broadly engage with our stakeholders.  
At Devon, we welcome the accountability arising from our 
targets. To meet these bold environmental targets, we know 
that innovation, as well as diverse and creative viewpoints, will 
be key contributors to our success. We are confident that we 
can deliver strong operational and financial results in a manner 
that reduces our environmental impact while safeguarding our 
workforce and the communities in which we operate. Devon is 
committed to leadership in ESG.
The GEPP Committee as well as the entire board of directors 
are eager to hear your feedback on our approach and 
performance on the full range of our environmental, health, 
safety, diversity and governance programs. Thank you for  
your continuing interest in Devon. 
Sincerely, 
 
Dave Hager 
Executive Chair 
 
 
 
Barbara M. Baumann  
Chair of Governance, Environmental,  
and Public Policy Committee 
Barbara M. Baumann  
Chair of Governance,  
Environmental, and  
Public Policy Committee 
Dave Hager 
Executive Chair

7 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Report Summary
WorkforceGovernanceSafetyOverview Environment Social Reporting
   U sed approximately 37 million barrels of recycled water in 2020. 
Over 150 million barrels of recycled water used since 2015.
   1 7 consecutive years of climate reporting to CDP.*
   8 c onsecutive years of water reporting to CDP (since inception).*
   C ontinued track record of increasing transparency on climate 
change through our 2021 Climate Change Assessment Report. 
* Legacy Devon
Safety
    A dopted legacy company best practices for vehicle driving 
safety, serious incidents and fatalities (SIF) review processes 
and contractor management practices.
    2 021 corporate safety goals represent a larger portion of the 
compensation formula to incentivize improvements.
Governance
    E nhanced the structure and composition of the board  
of directors to cultivate strong risk management,  
decision-making and communications.
    E arned top-tier rankings among peer companies on major  
ESG-focused surveys and assessments.
    C ontinued track record of increasing transparency on political 
activity and lobbying through our 2020 Political Activity and 
Lobbying Report.
    E ngaged with approximately 100 governance representatives 
of institutional investors representing more than 46% of 
outstanding shares.
    Expanded the responsibilities of the former 
Governance Committee to include environmental  
and public policy oversight, renaming it the 
Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy  
(GEPP) Committee.
     Quickly integrated legacy company best practices 
to drive continuous improvement across Devon.
    Elevated the importance of ESG by creating the  
new position of vice president of ESG and EHS.
    S et ambitious targets to further reduce the 
carbon intensity of our operations, minimize 
freshwater use and engage constructively with 
our value chain.
90%
NON-FRESHWATER USAGE,
FOR COMPLETIONS IN MOST 
ACTIVE DELAWARE BASIN 
OPERATING AREAS
NET 
ZERO
GHG EMISSIONS FOR  
SCOPE 1 & 2 BY 2050
50%
REDUCTION IN GHG 
EMISSIONS INTENSITY  
FOR SCOPE 1 & 2 BY 2030
65%
REDUCTION IN METHANE 
EMISSIONS INTENSITY BY 2030
0.5%
OR LOWER FLARING 
INTENSITY BY 2025
ELIMINATE
ROUTINE FLARING  
BY 2030
ANNUAL ASSESSMENT
OF DEVON CONTRACTORS IN KEY ESG 
PERFORMANCE AREAS BY 2023
Social
   L aunched our Inclusion and Equity Grants program to support 
nine Black community organizations in Oklahoma City.
   D istributed over 10,000 at-home STEM resources for  
children and teachers in our operating areas.
   A ddressed urgent community needs resulting from  
the COVID-19 pandemic by modifying our social investment  
plan activities.
   R aised $1.4 million in our expedited annual employee  
 giving campaign.
   H onored the Tulsa community’s support of legacy WPX Energy 
with grants focused on economic development, education, 
social services and community enrichment.
Workforce
   I ntroduced blended values following our merger to guide  
us in becoming a cohesive and high-performing Devon.
   S upported employees with flexible working arrangements, 
responsive wellness programs and frequent communications 
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
   W orked to deepen our understanding of social and racial 
inequality through intentional conversations and listening  
as steps toward improving our community and company.
ResultsIntegrity
 Relationship
 Courage
Reduction in total employee and 
contractor recordable incident 
rate (TRIR) in 2020.13%
Reduction in Lost Time 
Incident Rate (LTIR) in 2020.19%
Environmental
   R educed Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 14% and methane 
emissions by 47% in 2020 compared to 2019.
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (million tonnes CO2e)
2018
2019
2020
5.05
4.91
4.25
2018
2019
2020
1.07
0.99
0.52
    R educed Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity 13%  
and methane emissions intensity by 47% in 2020  
compared to 2019.
   R educed flared volume intensity by 33% in 2020 
compared to 2019.
Methane (million tonnes CO2e)
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced)
2018
2019
2020
2.13%
2.21%
1.48%
READ MORE ON PAGE 8

90%
NON-FRESHWATER USAGE,
FOR COMPLETIONS IN MOST 
ACTIVE DELAWARE BASIN 
OPERATING AREAS
8 
Performance Targets
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon has established aggressive environmental performance targets focused on reducing the carbon intensity of our 
operations, minimizing freshwater use and engaging constructively with our value chain. These targets reflect our dedication 
and commitment to achieving meaningful emissions reductions while pursuing our ultimate goal of net zero GHG emissions.
Net Zero GHG Emissions
    D evon’s history of using advanced 
technologies to improve efficiencies across 
the business will be key to delivering on 
our ambition of achieving net zero GHG 
emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by 2050.
    I n pursuit of continued transparency,  
our 2021 Climate Change Assessment Report 
outlines our approach to proactively address 
climate-related risks and opportunities.
Flaring Performance
    A k ey component of Devon’s broader 
emissions reduction strategy is to focus  
on reducing flared volumes to protect  
the environment.
    W e are establishing a two-pronged approach 
to improve our flaring performance — targeting 
a flaring intensity of 0.5% of gross natural 
gas produced by 2025 and eliminating routine 
flaring, as defined by the World Bank, by 2030.
    W e expect to drive results by continuing to  
engage in pre-production planning, optimize 
facility design and operating conditions, assess 
and deploy beneficial reuse technologies,  
and collaborate with service providers 
to prevent and mitigate midstream and 
downstream constraints.
Water Conservation
    D evon is committed to conserving and 
reusing water. We’ve set a target to advance 
our recycled water rate and use 90% or more 
non-freshwater for completions activities in 
our most active operating areas within the 
Delaware Basin.
    T o minimize freshwater use, the company 
employs economically and operationally 
feasible freshwater alternatives wherever 
possible and has a dozen water recycling 
facilities throughout the Delaware Basin.
Value Chain Engagement
    D evon will continue evaluating how we  
can constructively engage stakeholders 
upstream and downstream of our operations 
to improve ESG performance across our  
value chain.
    B y 2023, Devon contractors, who perform 
work on the company’s locations, will begin 
undergoing annual evaluations to assess  
their ESG performance in key areas.
GHG and Methane Emissions Reductions
    T o demonstrate our progress in achieving  
our longer-term net zero ambition, Devon  
is targeting reductions of our Scope 1  
and 2 GHG emissions intensity by 50%  
and methane emissions intensity by 65% 
by 2030 from a 2019 baseline.
    D evon’s emission reduction strategy will 
involve a range of potential actions including 
expanding our leak detection and repair 
program; implementing advanced leak 
detection technologies; reducing the volume 
of natural gas that is flared; electrifying 
facilities to reduce the use of natural gas 
and diesel consumed onsite, including 
transitioning from gas-driven to air-driven 
pneumatic controllers; and optimizing  
facility design to minimize leaks and  
eliminate common equipment failures.
NET 
ZERO
GHG EMISSIONS FOR  
SCOPE 1 & 2 BY 2050
50%
REDUCTION IN GHG 
EMISSIONS INTENSITY  
FOR SCOPE 1 & 2 BY 2030
65%
REDUCTION IN METHANE 
EMISSIONS INTENSITY BY 2030
0.5%
OR LOWER FLARING  
INTENSITY BY 2025
ELIMINATE
ROUTINE FLARING  
BY 2030
ANNUAL 
ASSESSMENT
OF DEVON CONTRACTORS
IN KEY ESG PERFORMANCE 
AREAS BY 2023
We know that strong environmental performance 
is essential to protecting the communities in which 
we live and operate, managing risk and generating 
long-term value for stakeholders.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview

9 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Operations Overview
Superior execution
At Devon Energy, operational excellence goes 
beyond technical know-how, compliance, disciplined 
capital spending and supply chain proficiency. 
Delivering strong operational results means keeping 
our workforce and communities safe, protecting  
the environment and sustaining our social license  
to operate across our portfolio of premier assets.
Devon finds and produces oil, natural gas and natural gas 
liquids in the most prolific basins in the U.S. Since our 
founding 50 years ago, Devon has pioneered operational 
practices, been proactive in applying technology and resilient 
in adapting to evolving market conditions, regulations and 
increasing stakeholder expectations. Our work helping to 
supply reliable, affordable energy enables Devon to create 
jobs, strengthen our communities, and contribute to local, 
state, federal and global economies. We do this while actively 
mitigating our impacts to address stakeholder concerns about 
climate change and other issues.
Environmental, health and safety (EHS) performance
Devon’s operating teams are accountable for delivering strong 
operational results while protecting people and the environment,  
and complying with all applicable laws, regulations and company 
policies. Through continuous improvement in operations and 
EHS performance, we’re able to improve efficiencies, lower 
costs and reduce our environmental impacts. We reinforce the 
importance of EHS results by tying a portion of our annual 
compensation to achieving corporate EHS targets.
Our EHS Council sets our strategy and priorities for improving 
EHS performance, and regularly communicates plans and 
progress with our operating teams. EHS professionals in our 
field operations support our teams with timely guidance 
and effective policies, protocols and practices. To safeguard 
our workforce, Devon’s operating teams work proactively to 
strengthen our safety culture, share lessons learned, identify 
trends, and track leading and lagging indicators. 
We evaluate and apply the latest technologies, tools and best  
practices to improve our environmental performance. Mitigating 
greenhouse gas (GHG) and methane emissions and meeting 
our short- and long-term methane intensity reduction targets is 
a top priority. We’ve made progress by reducing flared volumes 
from our operations and steadily increasing the number of 
voluntary leak detection and repair (LDAR) surveys performed 
on equipment. We’ve reduced our need for fresh water in 
our operations by increasing our recycling capacity and the 
volume of recycled water we use. We also seek to limit the use 
of fresh water as much as possible. 
Diversified footprint across the U.S.
In 2021, our merger of equals with WPX Energy expanded 
and diversified our footprint of premier acreage 
positions with a deep, high-quality inventory of drilling 
locations. Our focused development plan centers on 
drilling activity in our core areas of the Delaware Basin 
of southeast New Mexico and west Texas, the Eagle 
Ford Shale in south Texas, the Powder River Basin in 
Wyoming, the Williston Basin in North Dakota and the 
Anadarko Basin in western Oklahoma.
We’ve positioned Devon for sustainable growth through 
a disciplined, returns-driven strategy, significant financial 
strength and liquidity, and an advantaged dividend. Our 
commitment to environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) excellence supports our growth by keeping us 
focused on managing risk, operating responsibly and 
improving continuously.
ANADARKO 
BASIN
WILLISTON 
BASIN
DELAWARE 
BASIN
POWDER RIVER 
BASIN
EAGLE FORD
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

10 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Operations Overview  continued
Technology and innovation
As a long-time industry innovator, we develop, deploy and  
investigate advanced technologies to improve EHS performance 
and optimize production. These include methods to detect 
equipment methane leaks, assess flare performance, identify 
beneficial uses of produced water outside of our industry and 
identify small fluid spills.
We invest in a dedicated technology team and embed technology 
professionals in our business units to align solutions to business 
needs. For example, our data science analytics team developed 
custom artificial intelligence models that evaluate multiple 
camera images of wellsites every hour to determine if the 
flaring equipment is functioning properly. If issues are detected, 
we can alert or dispatch an operator to take action. We have 
patents pending for the unique camera technology. Devon 
also holds multiple patents related to drilling and completions 
operations, including the breakthrough in fracture diagnostics 
called sealed wellbore pressure monitoring.
The Delaware Basin: Environmental performance proving ground
To improve our overall performance, we often start where 
changes can have the biggest impact: in the Delaware Basin, 
our most active operating area and the growth engine for the  
company. Devon operates about 400,000 net acres across 
multiple formations in the Delaware Basin of southeast 
New Mexico and west Texas, where we’re enhancing our 
environmental performance while delivering top-tier 
operational results. 
The Delaware Basin is a main driver of our overall air emissions 
performance. To reduce GHG and methane emissions, we 
stopped routine flaring in this region in 2017 and flare only  
when experiencing system upsets or midstream or downstream 
constraints. We took action in 2019 to curtail these issues 
in our legacy Devon assets in New Mexico, leading to a 95% 
reduction in our flared volume intensity from mid-2019  
to mid-2021. 
To reduce venting or flaring from oil and condensate storage 
tanks, we install vapor recovery towers to maximize gas 
recovery and minimize the volume of tank vapors that need 
to be flared. In 2021, we successfully piloted a low-emission 
storage tank design that further maximizes gas recovery, 
eliminates the need to flare tank vapors during normal 
operation, and minimizes emissions through a reduction in 
the number of potential leak sources. To mitigate venting 
from natural gas-driven pneumatic devices, we have installed 
air-driven pneumatic pumps and controllers at all new legacy 
Devon Delaware Basin facilities since early 2019.
Additional reductions in GHG and methane emissions in the 
Delaware Basin will be needed to meet our environmental 
targets. Our evaluation of emerging technologies for 
detecting and quantifying equipment leaks includes 
investigating advanced optical gas imaging, sensor-based 
continuous monitoring and remote detection using aircraft 
and satellites. We are conducting active pilot projects in the 
Delaware and Anadarko basins, which have provided valuable 
insight into the capabilities of aerial and ground-based 
detection technologies, the types of emissions detectable, 
and potential use cases going forward to further improve  
our emissions performance. 
We address water scarcity in the Delaware Basin by using 
fresh water only when blending and only when reused water 
isn’t available in sufficient quantities. Reused and brackish 
water have steadily accounted for more of our water use, and 
we’ve invested in industry-leading recycling capacity. The legacy 
Devon and WPX companies combined used approximately 37 
million barrels of reused and recycled water in 2020 – and 
more than 150 million barrels since 2015. We store reusable 
water in impoundment basins, enabling us to save water 
and to eliminate hauling water by truck and the associated 
emissions and traffic safety hazards. We’re so committed to 
conserving water in the Delaware Basin that one of our new 
targets is to use 90% or more non-fresh water for completions 
activities in our most active operating areas of the basin.
 
We’re continuing to advance our environmental improvement 
programs in the Delaware Basin to meet our short-, medium- 
and long-term targets for air emissions reductions and 
water recycling. At the same time, we’re increasing our 
capital efficiency, reducing field-level costs and increasing 
production – showing that strong environmental performance 
and operational excellence go hand-in-hand at Devon.
Capital efficiency
Operational excellence requires controlling costs, which we’ve 
accomplished with operating margin improvements, general 
and administrative cost savings, and drilling and completions 
efficiencies. In addition, our enhanced operating scale has 
improved supply chain efficiencies. 
Safeguarding people and the environment is important to our 
daily operations, the long-term value of our company and our 
social license to operate. We challenge ourselves every day to 
deliver outstanding environmental, health, safety, operational 
and financial performance. 
Additional information about Devon’s performance is 
available in our detailed quarterly earnings presentations.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

11 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Environment 
Protecting air, water, land and wildlife
The Environment section of our 2021 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 12
Clima
te Change
 15
A
ir Emissions
 17
W
ater Management
 2
3
Land Conservation
 2
5  
and Biodiversity
 
W
aste Management
 2
7
Spill Prevention
 2
8
  
Resource Links:      
      2021 CDP Climate Response *
      2021 CDP Climate Score *
      2021 CDP Water Response *
      2021 CDP Water Score *
      
 20
21 Climate Change  
Assessment Report 
      
 E
nvironment, Health and Safety  
(EHS) Philosophy
      
 EHS pr
otocols for business processes
* data reflects legacy Devon only
       
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Overview
To continuously improve our environmental performance, 
Devon is proactive and results oriented. We consider 
the potential impacts of our operations when planning 
activities and making decisions. We strive to comply with 
all applicable environmental laws and regulations, often 
going above and beyond what’s required. In the process, 
Devon incorporates technology, tools and techniques that 
enable us to minimize or avoid effects on air, water, land 
and wildlife. 
We’re committed to working with contractors who 
share our commitment to environmental stewardship, 
and by 2023 contractors who perform work on Devon 
locations will begin undergoing annual assessments 
Devon is committed to doing what’s right for the environment. We want to be a good neighbor, a trusted partner and a 
responsible, competitive operator as we produce oil and natural gas to help meet global demand. We believe exemplary 
environmental performance is essential to managing risk and developing forward-looking business opportunities, with 
the aim of being successful throughout and beyond the energy transition.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
of their environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
performance in key areas. Devon requires our contractors 
to employ personnel who are adequately trained to perform 
environmentally sound work and have programs to comply 
with applicable environmental laws, rules and regulations. 
Contractors as well as employees have responsibility to 
stop work to prevent spills or other environmental issues.
Our strong commitment to environmental stewardship 
has enabled us to establish a track record of performance 
improvements. One of our top priorities is to reduce our 
greenhouse gas (GHG) and methane emissions, and we’ve 
documented this long-standing focus by responding to the 
CDP climate change survey for 17 consecutive years.
12 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Clean Water and Sanitation  
page 24
Affordable and Clean Energy 
page 16
Life on Land 
page 26
Partnerships for the Goals 
page 22
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action  
plan for organizations seeking to provide  
affordable energy, produced responsibly to  
protect the environment, while also promoting  
peace and prosperity for all people. In this report,  
we have identified a wide variety of Devon’s  
business activities that align with the U.N. SDGs.  
Here in the environmental section, look for:
Taking Action
We’ve been at the forefront of water conservation in our 
industry for almost two decades, and have responded to 
CDP’s water survey since its inception eight years ago. We 
also take great care to preserve the landscape and protect 
wildlife habitat and cultural resources in areas surrounding 
our operations.
Devon tracks specific metrics for GHG and methane 
emissions, flaring, spills, energy use and water use. We share 
this information in this report and other public disclosures 
to meet stakeholders’ expectations of transparency and 
accountability. For additional metrics and details on our 
environmental practices, please refer to our 2021 CDP 
Climate and CDP Water Responses. 
PREPARING FOR THE FUTURE
    Elevated the importance of our environmental 
work by creating the new position of vice 
president of ESG and EHS.
    Integrated environmental professionals from 
both legacy companies into our Environmental, 
Health and Safety (EHS) Council, which started 
identifying environmental best practices and set 
corporate environmental goals for 2021 to reduce 
flaring intensity, increase voluntary equipment 
leak inspections and reduce our total spill rate.
WATER
    Reduced the volume of total water consumed  
in completions activities - including fresh, non-
fresh, and recycled water volumes - by 29% in 
2020 compared to 2019.
    Increased the volume of recycled water 
consumed by 10% in 2020 compared to 2019.
    Since 2015, we have reused over 150  
million barrels of water from our water 
treatment facilities.
AIR
    Issued our updated 2021 Climate Change 
Assessment Report aligned with the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD) recommendations.
    Set ambitious targets to further reduce the 
carbon intensity of our operations, minimize 
freshwater use and engage constructively with 
our value chain.
ENVIRONMENTAL LEADERSHIP
    Reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 14% 
and methane emissions by 47% in 2020 
compared to 2019. 
    Reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
intensity 13% and methane emissions 
intensity by 47% in 2020 compared  
to 2019.
    Reduced flared volume intensity by 33%  
in 2020 compared to 2019.

Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Increasing emphasis on governance 
We have a strong organization in place to manage 
environmental performance, from our board of directors 
to our field-level EHS and operations teams. In recent 
years, we’ve updated our governance practices to elevate 
EHS oversight and discussions, including those related 
to climate change and the energy transition. In 2021, we 
recalibrated the Governance Committee to become the 
Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy (GEPP) 
Committee of the board to sharpen our focus on 
environmental policies and oversight of management’s 
efforts to integrate sustainability into our business activities. 
The GEPP Committee also nominates candidates for our 
board, establishing a close connection between corporate 
governance and sustainability. As a component of executive 
compensation, environmental results included in our 
corporate goals are reviewed by the board’s Compensation 
Committee. In addition, at least five Devon directors have 
an educational background or direct work experience  
in environmental matters.
At the executive level, Devon’s executive vice president 
and chief operating officer (COO) is accountable for our 
environmental programs and performance. To further 
emphasize results, in 2021 Devon created the new position 
of vice president of ESG and EHS, reporting to the COO. 
We based this role on a similar one at WPX Energy as part 
of integrating best practices of both legacy companies.
Devon’s governance structure includes the ESG Steering 
Committee that engages with our executive committee, the 
GEPP Committee and the full board on our environmental 
performance, risks, opportunities and commitments. 
Operations ownership
Our EHS Council, made up of business unit and operations 
leaders, plays a lead role in protecting our social license 
to operate and advancing our culture of environmental 
stewardship. The council sets environmental strategy and 
goals, tracks performance and evaluates the effectiveness 
of our environmental policies, protocols and practices. 
The group also reviews environmental incidents and near 
misses, develops corrective actions as needed and shares 
best practices to continuously improve our environmental 
performance. Council members hold regular roundtable 
discussions with field production leaders to help them stay 
current with the rapid evolution of stakeholder expectations 
about climate change and environmental performance.
The Devon EHS Management System, developed by the 
council, includes an environmental management element 
covering assessments and continuous improvement 
programs. Our environmental professionals work closely 
with Devon business leaders to promote environmentally 
sound operations that comply with all applicable laws, 
regulations and company policies.
To position Devon for long-term success, the council reviews 
emerging EHS and ESG issues, as well as proposed laws and 
regulations and their potential financial, operational and 
reputational impact on the company.
In 2020, Devon met goals recommended by the EHS Council 
and set by the board, to improve our lost spill rate and 
fugitive emissions performance compared to 2019. Following 
our merger in January 2021, we integrated leaders from both 
legacy companies into our council and began assessing and 
13 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Overview continued
Devon’s new environmental 
performance targets
We’re improving how we produce and deliver the oil  
and natural gas the world needs
NET ZERO
GHG emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by 2050
50%
Reduction in GHG emissions intensity for 
Scope 1 and 2 by 2030
65%
Reduction in methane emissions intensity by 2030
90%
Or higher non-fresh water usage for completions  
in our most active Delaware Basin operating areas
0.5%
Or lower flaring intensity by 2025
ELIMINATE
Routine flaring as defined by the  
World Bank by 2030
ENGAGE
Value chain in assessments of performance  
in key ESG areas by 2023
Collaborations for progress
Our corporate value to build relationships is vital to 
improving our environmental performance. We engage  
with a variety of stakeholders to understand their 
perspectives on climate change, water use, seismicity, 
spills and other environmental issues. Devon teams up 
with industry trade associations, environmental nonprofit 
organizations, academic partners and innovative businesses 
to develop solutions. We remain committed to listening, 
collaborating, increasing transparency and doing our part  
to protect the environment.
   Energy Water Initiative 
   U.S. Bureau of Land Management
   New Mexico Oil and Gas Association
   The Environmental Partnership
   Stanford Center for Induced and Triggered Seismicity
   National Aeronautics and Space Administration
   New Mexico Soil Conservation District
   Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) Nation
   American Petroleum Institute (API)
   Columbia Center on Global Energy Policy
   And others

integrating environmental best practices of both legacy 
companies. We set 2021 EHS goals to further reduce flaring 
intensity, increase voluntary emissions inspections and 
reduce our total spill rate. Additional EHS team priorities 
in 2021 are to merge legacy company environmental 
management systems and concentrate our EHS team 
on leading indicators and critical initiatives like our newly 
established environmental performance targets.
Shared responsibility
Our values and operations standards reinforce the 
responsibility of each Devon employee and contractor to 
take ownership of environmental performance. We expect 
employees and contractors to demonstrate care for the 
environment, plan ahead, participate in environmental 
programs, recognize positive attitudes and behaviors,  
and communicate openly. 
To underscore these expectations, Devon’s corporate 
scorecard includes annual environmental performance 
targets that affect every employee’s compensation. By 
meeting our targets for improving our lost spill rate and 
fugitive emissions in 2020, employees made a positive 
contribution to our EHS score and compensation. 
We’re proud of the progress we’ve made in reducing air 
emissions, using less fresh water and more recycled water 
in our operations, preventing spills, protecting the land 
and improving transparency through reporting. But we 
know there’s more progress to be made and we’ll keep 
challenging ourselves to do better.
Overview continued
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        14 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
1  T he environment metrics have been calculated using the best available data at the 
time of publication. Historical metrics are subject to change as we continuously 
seek to improve our data management practices, data sources, and calculation 
methodologies in order to provide the highest level of transparency, consistency 
and accuracy. We report environment metrics on an operated basis, unless 
otherwise noted. 
2  We in clude all reportable emissions under EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting 
Program (GHGRP) for Devon operated facilities, as well as non-reportable 
emissions from our production assets and, beginning in reporting year 2019, 
gathering and boosting assets. We calculate emission intensities using gross 
production as reported under the EPA GHGRP for all reporting segments.
3  We c alculate our reported emissions using EPA fuel and electricity emissions 
factors.
4  We r eport indirect emissions from the use of sold products (Scope 3) on an equity 
basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon. To estimate our Scope 3 
emissions, we rely upon IPIECA’s 2016 guidance document Estimating Petroleum 
Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Per the IPIECA 
guidance, we report category 11 “Use of Sold Products” by calculating combustion 
emissions for our oil, natural gas and marketed natural gas liquids products using 
emission factors obtained from the EPA and net equity production reported in 
Devon’s 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
5  P erformance is limited to legacy Devon performance only using net equity 
production reported in Devon’s 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
6  O ur methane emissions intensity rate calculation includes all natural gas produced 
at Devon operated facilities and all methane emissions from Devon operated 
facilities associated with the production of oil and natural gas.
  
  Click here to see Devon’s calculation methodology for methane emissions intensity  
 
Click here to see AECOM verification of calculation methodology
7  O ur flaring intensity rate calculation includes high-pressure flared volumes 
associated with the production of oil and natural gas.
8  O ur water usage includes all water sources used in completions activities  
at facilities operated by Devon in 2020.
9  R eportable spill events and volumes exclude a well-control event that  
occurred in 2019.
Environment Performance Metrics1
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
2018 2019 2020
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) (million tonnes CO2e)2 4.72 4.65 3.91
 By Constituent
Carbon Dioxide (million tonnes CO2e) 3.65 3.66 3.39
Methane (million tonnes CO2e) 1.07 0.99 0.52
Nitrous Oxide (million tonnes CO2e) 0.003 0.003 0.002
By Source
Flaring/Venting (million tonnes CO2e) 3.14 2.61 1.92
Combustion (million tonnes CO2e) 1.37 1.84 1.95
Other (million tonnes CO2e) 0.21 0.19 0.04
Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use  (Scope 2) (million tonnes CO2e)3 0.33 0.27 0.32
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions  (Scope 1 and 2) (million tonnes CO 2e)2,3 5.05 4.91 4.23
Direct GHG Emissions Intensity  (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 20.19 17.22 14.61
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions Intensity (Scope 1 and 2) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 21.60 18.20 15.81
Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products  (Scope 3) (million tonnes CO2e)4,5 43 48 49
We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products on an equity basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon;  
however, it is important to note that Scope 3 emissions estimates are subject to uncertainty, inconsistency and duplication as further 
described in the Air Emissions section of this report. In 2020, legacy Devon’s estimated Scope 3 emissions increased, driven by an  
increase in net equity production.
Methane Emissions Intensity (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 4.58 3.65 1.94
Methane Emissions Intensity - Production Segment  (Scope 1) (% of natural gas produced) 6 0.36% 0.31% 0.19%
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced) 7 2.13% 2.21% 1.48%
Energy Used - Fuel and Electricity Use  (trillion BTU) 3 28.98 32.87 31.36
Water Usage (million Bbl)8 136.2 138.5 98.5
    R
ecycled (million Bbl) 22.0 33.8 37. 2
    S
ourced (million Bbl) 114.2 104.7 61.3
Water Usage Intensity (Bbl/Boe produced) 8 0.57 0.50 0.33
 Water Usage Intensity (million Bbl/well completion) 8 0.25 0.25 0.29
Devon’s total water use for completions activities varies with activity levels, targeted formations and lateral lengths, and includes fresh,  
non-fresh and recycled water volumes. We seek alternatives to fresh water supplies, where possible.
 Reportable Spill Events Released to the Environment (events)9 377 336 246
 Reportable Spill Volumes Released to the Environment (barrels)9 6,441 4,505 4,042
EXCEL DOWNLOAD

15 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Devon is focused on producing reliable, affordable 
and accessible energy the world needs, while 
continuing to find ways to produce and deliver it  
more responsibly. 
The world relies on oil and natural gas to power the basic systems 
of our daily lives – transportation, heating and cooling, lighting, 
manufacturing, agriculture, telecommunications and technology. 
Many of the products we use every day are made from plastics 
and compounds derived from oil and natural gas, which also fuel 
the machinery used to manufacture these materials.
At Devon, we’re proud to find and produce these valuable 
commodities and improve our way of life. Through the work 
our employees do every day, we contribute to local, state, 
national and global economies. We also recognize that the 
economic benefits of our industry must be balanced with care 
for the environment. Devon is focused on delivering strong 
returns to our shareholders while continuously improving  
our environmental performance, with specific emphasis on 
climate change.
In its 2020 outlook, the U.S. Energy Information Administration 
(EIA) projects that oil and natural gas will continue to be leading  
sources of energy worldwide for decades to come. For example,  
in the transportation sector, gasoline and diesel fuel will 
account for 74% of total consumption in 2050. 
Devon will continue to produce the oil and gas the world 
needs in a safe, environmentally responsible and ethical way, 
and disclose our results publicly. Earning our stakeholders’ 
trust is important for the future of our business, so we’ll 
continue to plan for the risks and opportunities ahead.
Assessing and reporting our climate change-related risks
Climate change-related risks receive formal and ongoing 
consideration in Devon’s enterprise risk management process. 
The company regularly models numerous regional and 
macro-level scenarios – including acquisitions, divestitures 
and changes in regulations and market conditions – to test 
the strength of our portfolio and resources. Each year, the 
modeled scenarios inform the strategic decision-making of 
Devon’s executive committee and board of directors that 
factors into Devon’s long-range plan. We publicly reported 
on these risks in our third Climate Change Assessment Report, 
demonstrating our ongoing commitment to transparency. 
Our updated 2021 Climate Change Assessment Report 
(CCAR) accounted for material changes to our portfolio since 
2018, including the divestment of our Canadian and Barnett 
Shale assets, as well as closing the merger with WPX Energy. 
The 2021 report was prepared by Devon with support from 
third-party consultants and reviewed and approved by our 
board of directors. Devon retained ICF to help assess the 
company’s oil and natural gas portfolio’s resilience in the face 
of potential impacts of climate policy on oil, natural gas, and 
natural gas liquids (NGL) demand, production, and prices. 
During this assessment, Devon evaluated several possible 
future climate change scenarios to quantify the potential risks 
to the company’s portfolio and long-range business plan from 
a possible carbon-constrained future. Devon evaluated pricing 
scenarios and model results from both ICF and the widely 
referenced International Energy Agency (IEA), including the 
IEA’s 2020 Sustainable Development Scenario, which targets a 
rise in global temperatures to “well below 2°C” and “in which 
countries achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 spur the world 
as a whole to reach it by 2070.”
TAKING ACTION
    Issued our updated 2021 Climate Change 
Assessment Report aligned with the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) 
recommendations.
    Set ambitious, new target of achieving net zero 
GHG emissions for Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050.
Climate Change
A responsible and resilient operator
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon’s approach to managing 
climate change risk
    D ecrease the carbon intensity of our operations by 
reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions to net 
zero by 2050, prioritizing the reduction of flaring and 
methane emissions.
    D isclose our progress and strengthen governance 
practice around climate change risk.
    E valuate opportunities to create value in the transition 
to ever-cleaner forms of energy with thoughtful 
capital allocation.
2021 CCAR 
2021 CDP Climate 
Response *
* data reflects legacy Devon only

16 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
In addition, Devon retained Global Affairs Associates, a 
ClimeCo Company to enhance the company’s alignment to the 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosure (TCFD), an international, multi-industry led initiative 
launched to develop recommendations for voluntary disclosure of 
climate-related risk. We report in alignment with TCFD to meet our 
stakeholders’ expectations for reliable and meaningful disclosures.
The 2021 assessment determined that oil and natural gas will remain 
essential to meeting global energy demand, even in the carbon-
constrained future scenarios. Additional conclusions included:
    Models indicate that Devon’s portfolio of assets are  
likely to be resilient, even in various low-carbon scenarios.
    The changes to our portfolio since 2018 – exiting Western 
Canada and the Barnett and closing the merger with WPX 
Energy – have made the company more resilient in low oil and 
natural gas price scenarios.
      Devon’s disclosure practices for the governance, management, 
and disclosure of climate-related risks and opportunities seek 
to align with the recommendations of the TCFD, and include 
continually assessing new guidance as it becomes available.
Ambitious emissions reduction targets
Devon addresses climate change-related risks proactively in our 
environmental, operational and governance practices. Our strategy 
relies in part on energy efficiency and conservation, which we 
believe are also the most immediate and cost-effective ways to 
reduce emissions. We actively seek out technology solutions and 
innovative techniques to enhance our efforts.
To reduce methane emissions, we establish voluntary, company-
specific targets that go beyond regulatory requirements. Among 
our actions to meet the targets are investing in technology, 
Climate Change  continued
adopting new work practices and working creatively with 
stakeholders. To underscore our commitment, achieving our 
targets is a component of executive and employee compensation. 
In 2019, we set a methane intensity target of 0.28% or lower 
by 2025, and then beat the target level in 2020. In June 2021, 
we reinforced our commitment to proactively manage climate-
related risks and opportunities by establishing several additional 
environmental performance targets to limit GHG and methane 
emissions in our operations. These operational emissions 
performance targets are in line with leading industry practices  
and stakeholder priorities. These targets, endorsed by our board,  
are the following:
    Achieve net zero GHG emissions for Scopes 1  
and 2 by 2050
    Reduce Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity  
by 50% by 2030 (from a 2019 baseline)
    Reduce methane emissions intensity by 65% by 2030 (from a 
2019 baseline)
    Achieve flaring intensity of 0.5% or lower by 2025  
and eliminate routine flaring by 2030
As we strive to meet or beat these targets, Devon will continue to 
apply a wide range of advanced technologies and best practices, in 
tandem with increasing efficiencies, and is committed to providing 
transparent updates on our progress.
Devon closely monitors possible business impacts of climate 
change in the market and policy arenas, and we’re prepared to 
adapt as needed. We’re committed to ongoing dialogue with our 
board of directors, shareholders and other stakeholders about our 
climate change-related risks and opportunities. Our industry will 
play a pivotal role in delivering global energy for generations to 
come, and Devon is embracing change to be part of that future.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Did you know that some 840 million 
people worldwide do not have access 
to electricity? Or that close to 3 billion 
people still rely on inefficient and polluting 
cooking systems? The responsibly sourced 
fuel that Devon produces generates 
low-cost electricity and is feedstock for 
products that meet peoples basic needs.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

17 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Devon is committed to decarbonizing our operations, 
evaluating new opportunities and transparently 
reporting our results. We’re doing our part to 
be a responsible operator for the benefit of the 
environment, our employees and their families,  
our communities, our shareholders and our business  
– today and in the future. 
Reducing the carbon intensity of our operations starts with 
proactively controlling and reducing air emissions from our 
operations. Our long-standing commitment to reduce air 
emissions, particularly GHGs, is embedded in our culture 
through our Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) 
Philosophy and our core values to earn stakeholder trust, 
proactively manage risk and not miss a chance to improve. 
We collaborate within and outside the company to apply 
technology, best practices and tools to reduce our impacts  
on the air. 
Devon focuses on reducing operational emissions of GHGs 
such as carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane, as well as 
volatile organic compounds (VOCs), nitrogen oxide (NOx) 
and other gases, and on reporting our results. To continue 
our progress, Devon announced in June 2021 that we’ve 
set aggressive targets to lower the carbon intensity of our 
operations and outlined our approach to managing climate-
related risks and opportunities in our updated 2021 Climate 
Change Assessment Report. We’re taking these actions not 
only to lower regulatory, market and reputational risk, but 
also because we believe it’s the right thing to do. Ultimately, 
we believe protecting the air makes our business more 
sustainable. 
TAKING ACTION
    Reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 14%  
and methane emissions by 47% in 2020  
compared to 2019.
    Reduced Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity 
13% and methane emissions intensity by 47% in 
2020 compared to 2019.
    Reduced flared volume intensity by 33% in 2020 
compared to 2019.
    Set new, aggressive targets to lower the carbon 
intensity of our operations:
Net zero GHG emissions for  
Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050
50% reduction in Scope 1 and 2  
GHG emissions intensity by 2030
65% methane emissions intensity  
reduction by 2030
Flaring intensity of 0.5% or lower by 2025 
and eliminate routine flaring by 2030
    Completed installation of remote surveillance 
technology in our Powder River Basin operations, 
which contributed to reduced flaring and other 
positive environmental performance outcomes.
Air Emissions
Targets, technology and transparency
Air emissions performance management
To comply with all applicable federal and state laws and 
regulations, we invest in the latest equipment and deploy well-
trained employees and contractors to carry out our emissions 
reduction programs. Devon’s environmental work includes 
an air quality protocol that clearly defines responsibilities and 
requirements for communications, compliance, recordkeeping 
and training.
Because air emissions programs and results are so important 
to our overall performance, Devon’s Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) Steering Committee monitors our 
performance in the context of the evolving regulatory, legal 
and stakeholder landscape. The steering committee advises 
our senior leaders on issues for consideration in enterprise  
risk management, stakeholder engagement and regulatory  
and legal compliance.
The vice president of ESG and EHS, a new role at Devon, 
elevates our company-wide focus on ESG performance, 
including air emissions. This leader serves on both the ESG 
Steering Committee and the cross-functional EHS Council, 
providing continuity and alignment. The EHS Council sets 
Devon’s emissions reduction strategy, in close coordination 
with the vice president for ESG and EHS, the ESG Steering 
Committee and senior leaders for effective implementation  
of the strategy.
Committed to compliance
Compliance with all applicable federal and state environmental 
laws and regulations is central to our EHS Philosophy and the 
Devon Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our compliance 
process guides employees on meeting the requirements of 
Devon’s air permits in our operating areas, with the aid of a 
web-enabled database that quickly distributes requirements 
for new and modified air permits to the people directly 
responsible for compliance.
Devon facilities and equipment may at times emit VOCs, NOx 
and other gases that are subject to state permits or emissions 
authorization limits. We pursue full compliance by clearly 
communicating requirements to our operating facilities. Some 
Devon facilities are subject to annual emissions inventories, 
which we submit to the appropriate regulatory agencies. In 
states where these inventories are required, the information 
is publicly available. If issues arise, we work expeditiously and 
constructively with regulators to address them.
As a proactive operator, Devon will 
keep looking beyond compliance to 
continue reducing our air emissions.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

18 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Greenhouse gas emissions methodology  
and performance
Devon reports GHG emissions from fuel combustion, 
flaring, fugitive emissions, venting and storage losses (Scope 
1) and electricity consumption (Scope 2) for assets under 
our operational control. We collect data on GHGs (carbon 
dioxide (CO2), methane and nitrous oxide) and submit annual 
GHG emissions according to the requirements of the U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Greenhouse Gas 
Reporting Program.
We also report indirect emissions from the use of sold 
products (Scope 3) on an equity basis from sources not owned 
or controlled by Devon. Scope 3 GHG emissions include 
indirect emissions resulting from the consumption and use  
of Devon’s crude oil and natural gas production.
To estimate our Scope 3 emissions, we rely upon IPIECA’s 
2016 guidance document, Estimating Petroleum Industry 
Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions. According 
to the IPIECA guidance, category 11 “Use of Sold Products” is 
generally the largest contributor of Scope 3 emissions for a 
fuel-producing company and can account for more than 80% 
of a company’s total Scope 3 emissions. We report “Use of 
Sold Products” by calculating combustion emissions for our 
oil, natural gas and marketed natural gas liquids products.
It is important to note that Scope 3 emissions estimates are 
subject to uncertainty, inconsistency and duplication due to 
the reporting of assets outside the control of the reporting 
company and various reporting methodologies. In addition, 
two or more companies will account for the same emissions 
within their Scope 1, 2 or 3 emission inventories (as further 
described in the IPIECA guidance document). 
As an exploration and production company, Devon has no 
direct control over how the raw materials we produce and sell 
are ultimately consumed. For this reason, we are committed 
to and focused on Scope 1 and 2 emissions for assets under 
our control, where we can most directly and meaningfully 
effect emissions reductions. We will continue to evaluate ways 
in which we can reduce value chain emissions and engage 
constructively with stakeholders upstream and downstream  
of our production operations.
Air Emissions  continued
Devon’s approach to reducing air emissions
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Apply technology and 
best practices to reduce 
GHG and methane 
emissions at their 
source and to mitigate 
impacts
Increase transparency 
in alignment 
with TCFD 
recommendations
Set targets to 
drive continuous 
performance 
improvements
To be a good steward of the environment, we hold ourselves 
accountable for delivering visible, measurable results on our 
environmental performance. In 2020, our emissions performance 
improved year over year:
   GHG and methane emissions
   GHG emissions intensity
    Methane emissions intensity (in both tCO2e/MBOE  
and % of natural gas produced)
   Flaring intensity
    Facility emissions inspections performed with passing 
results (89%) improved 3%

New, aggressive emissions reduction targets
Devon established our first voluntary target to limit methane 
emissions from our oil and natural gas production operations 
in 2019. We pledged to reduce our methane intensity rate to 
0.28% or lower by 2025. Through the expansion of our leak 
detection and repair (LDAR) program and enhanced data 
precision efforts, legacy Devon met this target level in 2019 
and the pro forma combined company beat the target level in 
2020 with 0.19%. We continue to put efforts toward further 
reductions and in June 2021 established new, aggressive 
emissions reduction targets.
The ambitious new targets reflect our 
commitment to continue lowering our 
carbon impact, while producing the oil  
and natural gas that will be needed for 
decades to come. Devon established the 
following goals:
Our reported emissions can fluctuate from year to year due 
to changes to our production mix, asset portfolio and other 
factors. To consistently meet or beat our targets from year 
to year, we must continue to pinpoint emissions sources and 
apply technologies and work practices to these sources beyond 
what’s required by regulations. 
19 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Air Emissions  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Achieve net zero  
GHG emissions  
for Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050, primarily through 
continued use of advanced technologies.
Reduce Scopes 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions intensity by 50%  
and methane emissions intensity by 65%  
by 2030 from a 2019 baseline, by expanding 
our LDAR program, implementing advanced 
leak detection technologies, reducing 
flaring volumes and other means.
Achieve flaring intensity of 
0.5% or lower of gross natural 
gas produced by 2025 
and eliminate routine flaring by 2030, 
mainly by implementing best practices, 
deploying beneficial reuse technologies and 
preventing and mitigating midstream and 
downstream capacity constraints.
We calculate our direct (Scope 1) GHG and methane emissions by 
including all emissions reported to the Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA) pursuant to the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) for 
production and gathering and boosting assets under our operational 
control, as well as emissions subject to the GHGRP that fall below the 
basin-level reporting threshold.
We calculate our indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions for electricity 
consumption using EPA fuel and electricity emissions factors for assets 
under our operational control. 
Devon’s commitment to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
intensity by 50% and methane emissions intensity by 65% by 2030  
will be calculated from a 2019 baseline.
This baseline serves as a hypothetical reference point for what the 
emissions intensity would have been in the absence of emissions 
reduction efforts over time. To comparably track progress toward the 
targets, adjustments to the emissions baseline may be necessary to 
reflect structural, organizational, or reporting changes that may occur 
over time. For example, an acquisition or divestiture could significantly 
impact our emissions performance and impair comparability from the 
emissions baseline.
We relied upon guidance from the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and 
IPIECA in establishing our baseline recalculation methodology. Our 
baseline will be adjusted if impacted by one or more trigger events 
that result in a change to the emissions baseline of 5% or higher 
on an absolute or intensity basis. Trigger events include structural 
changes; source ownership or control changes; changes to reporting 
boundaries, quantification methodologies or data improvements; or 
discovery of errors.
Our 2019 baseline has been recalculated to reflect the divestiture of the 
Barnett Shale in 2020, divestiture of the Wind River Basin in 2021, and 
acquisition of Felix Energy in 2020.
We believe our recalculation methodology affirms our commitment 
to structurally drive down emissions, rather than divesting assets 
as a means to achieve our ambitious emissions reduction targets.
We are committed to the ongoing review and assessment of the 
appropriateness of our emission reduction target levels and will 
adjust as needed.
Methane 
Emissions 
Intensity
GHG  
Emissions 
Intensity ==
METHANE EMISSIONS  (tonnes CO2e)
GROSS OPERATED PRODUCTION  
AS REPORTED TO THE EPA (MBoe)
SCOPE 1 & 2 GHG EMISSIONS  (tonnes CO2e)
GROSS OPERATED PRODUCTION  
AS REPORTED TO THE EPA (MBoe)
How we calculate our GHG and methane emissions intensity rates
Our baseline recalculation methodologyMILLION TONNES  CO2e
MILLION TONNES  CO2e
INTENSITY (TONNES CO2e PER MBoe)
INTENSITY (TONNES CO2e PER MBoe)
2019 Felix Energy 
Acquisition 
Barnett  
Shale Divest
Wind River 
Basin Divest
2019 Adjusted 
Baseline
2030 Target
0 0.0 0.00
1 0.2
1.0
5
2 0.410
3 0.6
2.0
15
4 0.8
3.0
20
5 1.0 4.025
GHG Emissions Methane Emissions
18.7918.20
50%
Reduction in GHG 
emissions intensity for 
scope 1 & 2 by 2030
Reduction in 
methane emissions 
intensity by 2030
2019 Felix Energy 
Acquisition 
Barnett  
Shale Divest
Wind River 
Basin Divest
2019 Adjusted 
Baseline
2030 Target
2.60
3.65
65%

20 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
We continually evaluate and optimize our facilities, including 
installing reliable pressure-relief valves to minimize tank 
releases and vapor recovery equipment to capture flash gas 
emissions and route them to a pipeline. The company also 
uses “green completions” to capture produced natural gas 
following hydraulic fracturing. Where flaring is unavoidable, 
pilot monitoring equipment is installed to help ensure the gas 
is properly combusted.
Devon has improved our flaring performance over the last 
six years, particularly in the Delaware Basin, our highest-
activity operating area. We identified wellhead flaring due 
to insufficient natural gas takeaway capacity or midstream 
constraints as the primary driver of flaring in the Delaware 
Basin and set out to mitigate the situation. We stopped 
routine flaring in this region in 2017, only connecting and 
producing wells when gas takeaway is established. We  
flare only when experiencing system upsets or midstream  
or downstream constraints. We took effective action in  
2019 to curtail these issues in the Cotton Draw field that 
accounted for most of our flared volumes in the Delaware 
Basin (see sidebar).
After seeing significant improvement in late 2019, we 
continued making progress in reducing our flared volumes. 
In 2020, legacy Devon flared 0.2% of gross natural gas 
produced, an improvement of more than 70% from 2019. 
The reduction was due in large part to alleviating capacity 
constraints in the Cotton Draw field, but also to concerted 
efforts across our organization to reduce flaring.
While the industry has faced ongoing capacity constraints  
in the Williston Basin, our legacy WPX operations in the basin 
continue to improve our flaring performance. Legacy WPX 
flaring volumes were down nearly 30% in 2020 compared to 
2019, and we continue to evaluate and employ improvement 
methods in the Williston Basin to drive down flaring. Following 
the merger, the EHS Council identified the need to integrate 
flaring data from both legacy companies as a top priority as 
we began to pursue further performance improvements in 
2021. Overall, our flaring intensity improved from 2.2% in 2019 
to 1.5% in 2020, an improvement of 33%.
Our updated targets are to achieve flaring intensity of 0.5% or 
lower of gross natural gas produced by 2025 and to eliminate 
routine flaring, as defined by the World Bank, by 2030. We 
expect to drive results by continuing to employ best practices 
that have proven to be effective for reducing flared volumes 
and minimizing emissions.
We’ve been expanding these best practices across our 
operating areas. They include implementing a flare management 
program; continuous gas capture planning and collaboration 
with midstream partners; enhancing separation and compression 
reliability; choke management; pigging lines; and optimizing 
combustion. We’re also sharing these practices with our trade 
association partners because we believe it’s crucial that we 
work together to reduce flaring and air emissions across the 
industry. Devon will continue to look at a broad spectrum  
of opportunities to reduce flaring and related emissions to 
meet our targets.
Air Emissions  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Reducing flaring and 
monetizing natural gas in  
our highest activity basin
In 2019, the Cotton Draw field accounted for most of  
our flared gas volumes in our Delaware Basin operations. 
Upon investigation, we pinpointed wellhead flaring 
due to insufficient takeaway capacity or midstream 
constraints as the primary cause.
To drive down these upset conditions, Devon took 
ownership of the associated midstream gas compression 
equipment. We made operational refinements, upgraded 
compressors, adjusted the flow rates of some wells and 
shut in others. As a result, our flared volumes in the 
Delaware Basin declined from about 4% in mid-2019  
to less than 0.5% by year-end 2020.
We also made a multi-year commitment to our newly 
formed Cotton Draw Midstream partnership, agreeing  
to contribute our existing gas gathering and compression 
infrastructure in an area of mutual interest. We dedicated 
about 24,000 acres for gathering and compression 
on the partnership’s system, while our partner, QL 
Capital Partners (QLCP), agreed to fund a $100 million 
distribution to Devon to build out the Cotton Draw 
Midstream assets over the next several years. 
 
Devon is positioned to continue reducing gas flared 
volumes and associated carbon emissions as we work 
toward our 2030 intensity reduction targets for Scopes 
1 and 2 GHG emissions and methane emissions. It’s also 
good for business, allowing us to capture more natural 
gas in the field that we can put into pipelines to be sold.
Mitigating air emissions at the source
Our continuous improvement culture has prompted us to 
develop a detailed understanding of where our emissions 
come from. This makes it possible to address our air emissions 
at the primary sources through a variety of effective 
mitigation strategies:
    Reducing flaring — across our entire portfolio of  
producing assets
    Finding and fixing equipment leaks with our expanding 
leak detection and repair (LDAR) program
    Transitioning to air-driven pneumatic controllers
    Cutting combustion from drilling, completions and 
production by increasing the use of engines powered by 
electricity and alternative fuels
    Minimizing venting and flaring from storage tanks
We conduct ongoing evaluations into emissions detection and 
quantification technologies, and we collaborate with industry, 
environmental groups and agency partners on emissions 
reduction strategies. Through focused effort in 2020, Devon 
continued our record of progress in lowering GHG emissions.
Flaring: Sustainable improvements
Flaring of natural gas – a controlled ignition process for 
eliminating emissions of methane and VOCs – is necessary 
for safe operations in various phases of the oil and natural 
gas production process. Devon strives to avoid entirely the 
venting of raw gas, and to limit flaring to the extent possible 
at all locations. Reducing flaring is a priority in our broader 
emissions reduction strategy because we want to protect the 
environment and capture as much natural gas as possible for 
its economic value, while also complying with laws, regulations 
and permits.

Equipment leaks: LDAR program continues to grow
Using infrared cameras to detect leaks is one of Devon’s 
primary emissions mitigation tactics. LDAR has proven to be 
effective at finding equipment leaks from piping components 
and associated equipment. It was a major contributor to 
achieving our first methane intensity target well ahead of 
schedule and we’re expanding the program to help us reach  
our new target to reduce methane intensity by 65% by 2030 
from a 2019 baseline. 
Devon utilizes optical gas imaging (OGI) cameras to perform 
frequent equipment inspections to detect leaks. We initially 
prioritized facilities with the highest production volumes 
across our operating areas. By methodically identifying and 
fixing leaks, we’ve largely resolved our highest-risk issues and 
reduced our methane emissions over time. 
We have steadily and voluntarily expanded our LDAR program, 
in part by adding valves, pumps and other equipment into 
our camera surveys. We also continue to survey additional 
facilities that don’t currently have a federal or state regulatory 
requirement. 
Environmental operators in each Devon business unit focus 
primarily on conducting infrared camera surveys at our sites 
and then making sure repairs are successful. Based on LDAR 
data, we have progressively refined our proactive maintenance 
programs by identifying the equipment most likely to develop 
leaks. This led us to install thief hatches that have a lower leak 
rate and focus on specific equipment failures and settings. 
It also enabled us to improve flare maintenance and verify 
performance of vapor recovery units (VRU). 
We continue to learn from the LDAR data we collect and then 
refine best practices in facility design, equipment improvements 
and preventive maintenance to further reduce emissions from 
our facilities. For example, we conduct engineering and pre-
startup reviews of facilities and take other steps to help verify 
closed-vent systems and control devices are designed and 
properly installed. 
Devon builds on these improvements by setting annual 
corporate goals for fugitive emissions performance. In 2020, 
legacy Devon and legacy WPX both met our corporate goals 
for fugitive emissions performance. At legacy Devon, our 
passing rate (i.e. no leaks detected) for equipment inspections 
improved 3% year over year, from 86% in 2019 to 89% in 
2020. The higher passing rate shows we’re continuously 
making improvements in equipment design, operation and 
maintenance, based on what we’re learning from LDAR data.
To further reduce emissions from equipment leaks,  
in 2021 we’re expanding our voluntary LDAR program 
to more facilities and doing equipment retrofits for 
compliance or voluntarily. 
To help our administrative offices meet the regulatory 
requirements for LDAR inspections, our environmental 
and operations teams developed a mobile app to capture, 
enter, track and document LDAR survey findings. The app 
automatically syncs any needed repairs, creates work orders 
and documents successful repairs, all of which are required  
for compliance. This has resulted in a more efficient, consistent 
and systematic LDAR program.
21 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Air Emissions  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Evaluating emerging technologies for leak detection
Advanced emission detection and quantification technologies 
are evolving rapidly and will be a key component of our 
strategy for broader emissions reductions. Devon has a cross 
functional team that evaluates emerging technologies that 
have the potential to be more effective at finding leaks over 
broader areas, allowing for faster detection and mitigation. 
The team is investigating opportunities for advanced 
optical gas imaging, continuous monitoring, and remote 
detection using facility flyovers and satellites. We’re currently 
conducting multiple continuous monitoring pilot projects, 
including laser-based monitoring over an area of several 
miles with LongPath Technologies and onsite sensor-based 
monitoring through our collaboration in Project Falcon.
Following a successful pilot, remote surveillance capabilities 
are now fully functional in our Powder River Basin operations 
in Wyoming. We also have ongoing installations of remote 
surveillance in each of our operating areas. Cameras, 
infrared sensors and our SCADA (supervisory control and 
data acquisition) system allow us to remotely monitor 
our well pads and some saltwater disposal facilities. With 
realtime, higher-quality data and imagery, we can proactively 
identify issues with flares and other equipment before they 
become problems. These technologies allow us to monitor 
operations without people going to the locations every 
day, which reduces vehicle-related emissions and safety 
risk for our workforce. Since remote surveillance started in 
the Powder River, our flaring, spills, downtime, overtime 
and lifting costs there have declined. We believe these 
technologies are in part responsible for improved lagging 
and leading metrics in the basin.
In addition, Devon collaborates with industry peers and 
a diverse group of stakeholders, including government 
agencies and environmental groups, to understand and 
find solutions to reduce air emissions. For example, we 
participated in a marginal well study backed by the U.S. 
Department of Energy (DOE), we were part of an industry 
panel studying methane regulations in New Mexico,  
and we are a foundational sponsor of Veritas - a methane 
measurement and verification initiative led by the Gas 
Technology Institute that aims to demonstrate emissions 
reductions in a consistent, credible and transparent way. 
Sharing what we know and learning from stakeholders is 
consistent with our corporate value to build relationships  
in the process of improving our environmental performance.
2020
Total number of facilities inspected 1,805
Number of facilities with a federal/ 
state regulatory inspection requirement 855
Number of voluntary facilities inspected 950
Percent of total facilities inspected 78%
Facility inspection passing rate 82%
Devon facility inspection performance
(excludes Barnett Shale assets divested in October 2020)

Improving our industry
Devon is a founding member and current steering 
committee member of The Environmental Partnership, 
a voluntary coalition of oil and natural gas companies 
operating across the U.S. Since forming in 2017, the 
partnership has grown to more than 90 companies that 
commit to collaborating, learning about best practices 
and technologies, and taking action to improve the 
industry’s environmental performance.
 
Since 2018, the group has focused on reducing the 
industry’s air emissions, including methane and 
VOCs, through environmental performance programs 
including leak detection and repair, eliminating the use 
of high-bleed pneumatic controllers and improving the 
manual liquids unloading process. Selected based on 
EPA emissions data, these programs use proven, cost-
effective controls.
 
The Environmental Partnership continues to expand 
and adapt its programs to strengthen the industry’s 
voluntary efforts to improve environmental performance 
over time. In 2020, the Partnership not only expanded 
to include the midstream segment, but it also launched 
a new flare management program focused on reducing 
flaring in upstream operations. The new program, 
development of which was chaired by Devon, will 
advance best practices to reduce flare volumes, promote 
the beneficial use of associated gas, and improve flare 
reliability and efficiency when flaring does occur.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
At Devon, we value our partnerships with 
public and nonprofit entities in pursuit of 
our goal to be a responsible operator. We 
count on strong partnerships to deliver on 
our commitments and contribute positively 
to the development of the communities 
where we operate, as well as share 
research and knowledge that help advance 
best practices in the energy sector.
22 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Pneumatic devices: Transitioning to air-driven controllers
Since identifying gas venting from approximately 13,000 
natural gas-driven pneumatic controllers and pumps at nearly 
2,000 production sites, Devon has worked to mitigate this 
source of emissions. We replaced high-bleed natural gas 
pneumatic controllers on hundreds of wells in Wyoming, 
Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas, and we no longer use 
them on new wells. In the Delaware Basin, legacy Devon 
installed air-driven pneumatic pumps and controllers at all 
new facilities since early 2019. 
Combustion: Replacing diesel-only engines
Diesel motors powering drilling rigs and hydraulic fracturing 
operations can be a significant source of emissions. Devon 
has cut these emissions, reduced related noise and shrunk our 
operational footprint by replacing diesel-only engines with 
dual-fuel motors that run on diesel or compressed natural 
gas (CNG), liquefied natural gas (LNG), field gas or electricity. 
In the legacy Devon drilling operations in 2020, about 54% 
of our wells were drilled with rigs running on dual-fuel or 
electricity. This avoided an estimated 15,700 metric tonnes  
of CO2 from 1.4 million gallons of diesel equivalent. 
Electrification will be a key part of our strategy to meet our 
new targets for Scope 1 and 2 emissions. We seek to plan 
effectively so we can get grid power to our locations before 
drilling rigs arrive. Devon also is looking to identify other types 
of equipment and practices we can power with electricity in 
the future to avoid using diesel fuel.
Storage tanks: Reducing venting and flaring
To reduce venting or flaring from oil and condensate storage 
tanks, we install vapor recovery towers (VRT) to maximize gas 
recovery and minimize the volume of tank vapors that need 
to be flared. In 2021, we successfully piloted a low-emission 
storage tank design that further maximizes gas recovery, 
eliminates the need to flare tank vapors during normal operation 
and minimizes emissions through a reduction in the number of 
potential leak sources, as well as components that can lead to 
common equipment failures, including open thief hatches.
To meet our ambitious emissions reduction 
goals, using multiple, proactive strategies is 
more important than ever. Devon continues 
to pursue a wide range of GHG and methane 
emissions mitigation tactics.
    B uilding out Delaware Basin midstream assets to alleviate 
capacity constraints that exacerbate flaring
   Expanding our LDAR program
    E valuating and implementing emissions detection and 
quantification technologies
    I nstalling air-driven pneumatic pumps and controllers  
in our production operations
    In creasingly replacing diesel engines with dual-fuel or 
electric engines
    E lectrifying our drilling operations
    C ollaborating with industry, nonprofits and  
government agencies
   Improving our data precision and reporting methodologies
   Installing remote surveillance technologies
Air Emissions  continued

Water is vital to the health, social and economic 
well-being of our communities and is an essential 
resource for Devon’s operations. We’re committed 
to conserving fresh water and reusing water in 
our operations to be a good neighbor and an 
environmentally sound operator, as well as to 
mitigate physical risks associated with regional  
water stress.
Our operations depend on reliable access to, and the ability 
to safely dispose of, water used or produced in drilling 
and completions operations. We strive to execute a water 
management strategy that balances environmental, economic, 
operational and social needs. Our track record of water 
conservation goes back to 2004, when we began recycling 
water in the Barnett Shale in north Texas. Since then, we’ve 
collaborated with government, industry and community 
stakeholders to find innovative ways to conserve water  
in our drilling and completions operations companywide.
Devon works to identify and develop alternative sources of 
water for operational activities and has invested significant 
capital to reduce our reliance on fresh water. Using less 
fresh water also reduces the amount of water for disposal, 
saves money, creates efficiencies and improves our ability 
to respond if water availability or disposal capacity is 
constrained. To conserve, we strive to use water that is not 
suitable for drinking and other public uses and, wherever 
possible, we use recycled produced water in our drilling and 
production activities. We take these steps because they’re the 
right thing to do for the environment and our communities.
TAKING ACTION
    Continued to increase use of recycled and 
brackish water in the Delaware Basin of New 
Mexico, our highest-activity area.
    Reduced water usage 29% in 2020 compared  
to 2019.
    Increased the volume of recycled water consumed 
by 10% in 2020 compared to 2019.
    Established a target to advance water recycling 
activities and use 90% or more non-fresh water 
for completions activities in the most active 
operating areas within the Delaware Basin.
Water Management
Conservation and recycling
Water management strategy 
Water supplies are limited in some of Devon’s operating areas. 
Based on the World Resources Institute’s definition of baseline 
water stress, approximately 8% of legacy Devon’s operated 
wells are located in areas of “high” or “extremely high” baseline 
water stress. To mitigate physical risks of regional water stress, 
we conserve, reuse and recycle as much water as we can. 
We consider water availability and disposal options in our 
enterprise risk management process and in our daily planning, 
along with other environmental, health and safety (EHS) risks. 
Devon’s EHS Council and subject matter experts monitor 
laws, regulations and stakeholder concerns related to water 
and keep our leadership team well informed.
Guided by our EHS Philosophy, we employ economically 
and operationally feasible alternatives to fresh water. To 
execute a sustainable water management strategy, Devon 
follows the water principles of stakeholder engagement, 
water management planning, technology evaluation and 
deployment, and best practices development. 
Our local water management activities are overseen by 
business unit leaders and subject matter experts who have 
a deep understanding of local water issues, challenges 
and opportunities. Devon’s water planning efforts include 
evaluating the potential risks to our operations in each 
area, stakeholder needs and potential opportunities for our 
business. We update our water plans periodically to account 
for business needs and local environmental considerations.
To enhance our water management performance, Devon 
stays abreast of new technologies and best practices, often 
through collaboration. We’re a founding member of the 
Energy Water Initiative and an active participant in the 
New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium. Devon 
continues to study, communicate and improve lifecycle water 
use and management together with other oil and natural gas 
companies that share our commitment to conservation.
23 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Every gallon of produced, recycled Every gallon of produced, recycled 
brackish or non-potable water Devon brackish or non-potable water Devon 
uses in our operations reduces our uses in our operations reduces our 
consumption of fresh water.consumption of fresh water.

24 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Water Management  continued
Recycling in our highest-activity basin
As the first company to recycle flowback and produced water 
from natural gas wells in north Texas, Devon is an industry 
pioneer in recycling. We became one of the leading recyclers 
of treated produced water in New Mexico and led the effort 
to establish state rules to encourage the practice. Today, our 
recycling efforts are focused in the New Mexico Delaware 
Basin, where water scarcity is an issue.
Devon uses fresh water in the Delaware Basin only for 
blending and only when recycled and brackish sources of 
water aren’t sufficient. 
In 2020, reused and brackish water accounted for more than 
90% of the water legacy Devon used in our Delaware Basin 
operations, up from over 80% in 2019. The legacy companies 
combined used approximately 37 million barrels of reused and 
recycled water in 2020 and expect to increase our volume of 
reused and recycled water to an estimated 47 million barrels 
in 2021. Since 2015, we have reused over 150 million barrels of 
water from our water treatment facilities. Our water recycling 
strategy also includes connecting third-party supplies to 
our system, which increases the volume of recycled water 
available for our operations.
Integral to operations and saving water, Devon built 
impoundment basins to store the reusable water. The basins 
are connected by a local pipeline network that diminishes the 
need to haul water away by truck. Taking trucks off the road 
reduces emissions and traffic safety hazards.
In addition, we’re looking for ways to reuse produced 
water that we don’t need for our operations. Through 
the New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium, 
we’re exploring beneficial reuse opportunities, including 
technologies to desalinate produced water for uses outside 
of the oil and gas industry. In cases where we produce 
more water than we can use, cost-effective desalination 
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Devon recognizes the importance of 
responsible water management in a world 
that faces increasing drought conditions 
and water stress. Water is a local issue and 
Devon takes a local approach, creating 
management plans that take account of 
water availability, quality, regulation and 
dependence of native ecosystems. We look 
for innovative water sources and methods 
to reduce usage. Through our New Mexico 
Delaware Basin treatment facilities, we 
have reused 150 million barrels of water 
since 2015. We are also exploring beneficial 
uses of produced water and technologies 
such as desalination to repurpose produced 
water for uses outside our industry – 
including potentially recharging aquifers.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
2019 2020
Delaware Basin 89.0 83.8
Anadarko Basin 20.5 0.7
Eagle Ford 13.1 1.8
Powder River Basin 5.9 5.0
Williston Basin 10.0 7. 2
Total U.S. 138.5 98.5
Total Water Usage by Operating Area (million Bbl)
2021 CDP Water 
Response
For more details on Devon’s 
water management program 
and water metrics
could make the water suitable for aquifer recharge and 
other beneficial uses. This would require development of 
the regulatory framework for reusing desalinated produced 
water, which is why we continue to work with stakeholders 
to find water conservation solutions in New Mexico.
Local water management considerations
As part of our local approach to water management, we 
consider the availability and quality of water, local ecosystems 
and habitats, regulations and other factors.
Given our commitment to be a good neighbor, we actively 
seek alternatives to fresh water, including brackish water and 
flowback and produced water for well completions where 
feasible. We will continue exploring conservation efforts 
outside of the Delaware Basin.

25 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
In keeping with our guiding principle of environmental 
stewardship, Devon is committed to minimizing our 
operational footprint and impacts to the landscape, 
wildlife and their habitats, and cultural and historical 
resources. We operate in prairies, grasslands, deserts 
and forested areas, and on federal, state, tribal and 
private lands. To preserve our shared landscapes for 
future generations, Devon’s priority is to cause as 
little disruption to the land as possible and mitigate 
any impacts throughout the oil and gas production 
lifecycle. We also look for opportunities to reclaim 
lands near our operations after our work is complete.
Biodiversity management is integrated into our process for 
selecting the placement of our well pads, access roads and 
pipeline corridors.. We start by doing an onsite or desktop  
pre-construction environmental assessment to evaluate 
potential environmental impact in an area where we’ve 
staked out a well pad location. The assessment helps identify 
threatened and endangered species habitats, wetlands, water 
bodies and other sensitive environmental areas. By evaluating 
the results of this assessment before building the pad, our 
teams can determine if there are environmental concerns  
at the site and adjust as needed.
TAKING ACTION
    Formed our Biodiversity Council to establish 
enterprise-wide biodiversity processes, policies 
and targets with the intent to avoid, minimize and 
mitigate the impact of our operations on native 
species and their habitats.
    Focusing on reducing the size of future well  
pad footprints to be no larger than required to  
operate our rigs safely and mitigate disturbance.
Land Conservation and Biodiversity
Minimizing and mitigating our impacts
To build on our progress, we’re boosting our efforts to reduce 
pad size as much as possible on future projects. Our regulatory 
and land team, facilities group and land survey subcontractors 
are collaborating to make our pad footprints no larger than 
required to operate our rigs safely.
Land stewardship partnerships
Protecting the land involves building relationships with 
landowners, neighbors, industry groups, and state and federal 
agencies such as the U.S. Bureau of Land Management (BLM). 
In the New Mexico Delaware Basin, Devon is working with 
the BLM wildlife department to address water troughs or 
drinkers and raptor nests by placing artificial nests in a more 
suitable area for the birds that use them. The result will be a 
more permanent, quality nesting place and limited movement 
of well pads near active nests to further protect the species 
from our planned activity. In addition, our past work with the 
BLM and U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service produced public-private 
conservation agreements to avoid certain areas and reclaim 
Dunes Sagebrush Lizard habitat that may have been affected  
by past oilfield activities.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Before building a well pad, Devon’s ecological 
experts complete an environmental assessment  
to identify potential impacts based on:
   Proximity to waters of the U.S.
   Protected species or critical habitats
   Proximity to public receptors
   Location of nearby floodplains
   Sediment discharge to a water body
   Evidence of pre-existing contamination
   Environmentally sensitive receptors
Moving well pads  
to avoid impacts
In New Mexico 
When an environmental assessment indicated the 
presence of cultural resources near our Ross Draw 
projects on federal lands in New Mexico, we changed 
our plans. Two of five pads were relocated, and some 
pads were removed from consideration to avoid 
impacts to nearby cultural resources. In addition, a 
proposed pad was moved to avoid potential impacts  
to a sensitive geological feature known as a karst.
In North Dakota
On the Dakota pad project in North Dakota, the 
environmental review process revealed a large, 
occupied Dakota skipper butterfly habitat spread 
across a proposed pad location. We abandoned the 
proposed pad location to avoid impacting the habitat 
for the butterfly, which is listed as threatened under 
the Endangered Species Act.
The remaining choice for a suitable well pad site 
was located near an active bald eagle nest. Working 
extensively with the MHA Nation on the Fort Berthold 
Indian Reservation, we developed the Dakota project 
to avoid disturbance to the nearby bald eagles. Steps 
taken included maintaining at least a 1,050-foot buffer 
from the nest, lowering the elevation of the facilities 
and planting 65, 8-foot-tall trees. Additionally, we 
initiated construction on the location outside of the 
nesting period for the bald eagles to further limit 
potential disturbance.

26 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Land Conservation and Biodiversity continued
Conservation initiatives
We’re committed to leaving the land in the same or better 
condition as when we arrived. Our newly formed Biodiversity 
Council will work to develop and implement company-wide 
policies and targets that support our strategy to avoid, 
minimize and mitigate ecological impact. The council’s core 
team has over 70 years of collective experience in ecological 
planning for energy development projects. Additionally, the 
council will explore opportunities to enhance the biodiversity 
value of Devon-owned surface acreage.
In the Texas Delaware Basin, we’re assessing surface acreage 
to identify areas for ecological restoration and enhancement 
projects, with a focus on the Pecos River. We’re also assessing 
other Devon-owned surface lands in Texas, Oklahoma and 
other states to determine whether the biodiversity value of 
those properties can be enhanced. We participate in species-
specific efforts like Candidate Conservation Agreements for 
Texas Hornshell and Lesser Prairie Chicken. We also partnered 
with the New Mexico Soil Conservation District to restore 
native desert prairie grasslands to parts of the surface lands 
we own in Texas.
Wyoming public land projects
Since its inception in 2007, we’ve sponsored the Wyoming 
Conservation Corps (WCC) to engage college students in their 
education, including hands-on conservation work around the 
state. Each year, WCC students spend 10 days completing land 
stewardship projects that the BLM has identified as necessary 
yet lacks the resources to undertake. While Devon sponsored 
the WCC crew in 2020, COVID-19 prevented us from hosting 
our traditional volunteer day for students. We participated in 
the 2021 WCC project with the Casper BLM office.
Since 2016, our BLM partnership has included a program 
to plug and reclaim idle coalbed methane natural gas wells, 
remove the associated overhead powerlines, and reclaim 
nearby roads and pipelines. By year-end 2020, we had plugged 
and reclaimed 370 idle wells representing thousands of acres 
of restored landscape in the Wyoming Powder River Basin.
The Public Lands Foundation recognized our leadership 
and vision with its Landscape Stewardship Certificate of 
Appreciation in 2019, making Devon the only oil and gas 
company to ever receive the award.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Oil and gas development inherently 
require consideration of the land at the 
surface level, and we aim to be responsible 
stewards of the prairies, grasslands, 
deserts and forested areas where we 
operate. Devon seeks to avoid or minimize 
ecosystem disturbances by completing 
multi-dimension, pre-construction 
environmental impact assessments; by 
applying our own avoid-minimize-mitigate 
strategy to limit direct habitat impact 
and fragmentation; and by initiating and 
supporting local conservation projects. 
Respecting indigenous peoples and lands
In our Williston Basin business unit in central North Dakota, 
nearly all of our operations are located on the Fort Berthold 
Indian Reservation. The reservation is the home of the 
Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) Nation, also known  
as the Three Affiliated Tribes. 
As the largest lessee of minerals owned by the MHA Nation, 
Devon incorporates the representatives of the MHA Nation 
into the planning process for our new pads and associated 
infrastructure. We avoid impact to archaeological sites 
and traditional cultural properties, and we mitigate impact 
to sensitive wildlife habitat. Continued collaboration and 
mutual respect for people and the environment is our 
responsibility as a prudent operator. 
Our development plans for drilling sites and pipeline rights- 
of-way in the Williston Basin often must comply with the 
National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and the National 
Historic Preservation Act (NHPA) because they are subject  
to review, comment and approval by the BLM and the Bureau  
of Indian Affairs. 
We engage third-party archaeologists to identify cultural 
sites that may be eligible for the National Register of Historic 
Places and coordinate with Tribal Historic Preservation 
Offices to identify Traditional Cultural Properties. Our 
development avoids all such sites. During construction, 
archaeologists monitor our sites looking for previously 
unknown cultural resources unearthed by construction 
activities. To date, archaeologists have found no previously 
unknown cultural resources during construction, which we 
believe is the result of the precautions we take starting in  
the early stages of our projects.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

27 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Being an environmentally sound company entails 
responsibly handling the waste generated in our 
operations and our offices. To reduce waste for 
disposal, we encourage employees and contractors 
to minimize the waste they create, and reuse and 
recycle materials whenever possible.
Our work can generate waste designated as hazardous and 
non-hazardous from our drilling and production operations, 
as well as paper, packaging, bottles and other office waste. 
Devon maintains waste management plans in our operating 
areas to ensure compliance with all applicable regulations and 
our own corporate policies.
All Devon employees and contractors are responsible for 
managing waste. Our waste management protocol clearly 
defines roles and responsibilities for our waste handling, 
shipping, disposal, training and minimization programs. We 
hold contractors responsible for managing the waste they 
generate and for complying with all applicable state and 
federal waste regulations.
Waste Management
Responsible handling and disposal
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
For chemicals and other materials used or stored in our 
workplace, Safety Data Sheets (SDS) summarizing hazard 
information and disposal considerations are readily available. 
To reinforce our commitment to compliance, our employees 
and contractors receive job-specific training related to waste 
management and chemicals used or stored in the workplace. 
Oil and gas operations sometimes encounter waste 
containing naturally occurring radioactive material (NORM). 
Devon maintains a NORM protocol to help manage the 
material responsibly and within regulatory requirements. 
The protocol establishes conditions to address health and 
safety considerations of our employees, contractors and 
the environment, including guidelines to reduce potential 
exposure to NORM.
Devon provides NORM awareness training for any employee 
who works at a site or facility where NORM is present and 
specific training for employees who encounter NORM in 
the course of their work. We also provide radiation safety 
officer training for employees who take on the additional 
responsibilities of that role. Radiation safety officers provide 
technical resources and tools to maintain regulatory compliance.
Devon radiation safety officers conduct NORM surveys to ensure regulatory compliance.

28 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Keeping large volumes of oil, produced water and 
other materials in containment is a guiding principle 
of Devon’s Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) 
Philosophy. We take a comprehensive approach to 
preventing, responding to and remediating spills 
from our equipment and facilities. Devon sets an 
annual corporate goal for reducing our total spill rate 
that keeps our business units and company focused 
on prevention measures. 
Training, tools and techniques
Our environmental management program includes a Spill 
Prevention Countermeasures and Control (SPCC) protocol 
that drives compliance with the U.S. EPA SPCC Rule and  
other environmental rules and regulations. The protocol 
details the responsibilities, equipment, procedures and steps 
to prevent, control and provide adequate countermeasures  
to an unplanned discharge. It also specifies the training 
required for all personnel involved in designing, building and 
operating oil-handling or storage equipment, including an 
annual spill-response training exercise and briefing. Devon 
requires our contractors to meet or exceed the standards  
in our SPCC protocol. 
We make every employee and contractor aware of their 
responsibility to prevent spills by immediately reporting near 
misses, such as a storage tank approaching full volume or 
signs of wear that may result in a leak. We respond to near 
misses and make any necessary adjustments to prevent spills. 
Devon uses appropriate tools and techniques to minimize  
and contain discharges from our equipment and facilities.  
Spill Prevention
Keeping materials in containment
At facilities with storage tanks, our spill prevention  
procedures include secondary containment, “nearly full” 
alarms on tanks and offsite monitoring equipment that  
can shut in facilities remotely.
At our produced-water recycling facilities, Devon installs 
temporary storage reservoirs designed to minimize the risk  
of overflow from rain. The reservoirs are double-lined and 
sloped to direct any water that may penetrate the first liner  
to a sump pump. A layer of mesh material between the 
two liners is outfitted with motion detection that alerts our 
TAKING ACTION
    Both legacy Devon and legacy WPX achieved 
annual corporate goals to reduce spills, primarily  
due to prevention, training efforts and spill remediation  
in 2020.
    Adopting spill prevention best practices 
from both legacy companies to build on 2020 
performance.
Moving toward spill prediction
Remote surveillance equipment is helping  
Devon mitigate spills in our Wyoming operations.  
High-definition cameras and sensors on active  
locations in the Powder River Basin allow operators  
and analysts at a central location to identify a minor  
leak and dispatch responders before it becomes a  
larger spill. Our staff can also perform a remote 
shutdown to stop an identified spill until responders  
arrive on-site to address it. Through machine learning  
and predictive analytics, we believe we’ll be able to 
anticipate and ultimately prevent spills.  
Following a successful pilot in the 
Powder River Basin, we are installing 
remote surveillance in each of our 
operating areas.
operators if a liner leaks. Any reservoir where we temporarily 
store water, including saltwater disposal sites, is lined for 
environmental protection.
To protect the environment and ensure safety when using  
oil-based fluids to drill wells, we employ a closed-loop  
system that is considered an industry best practice. We comply 
with the EPA SPCC Rule by keeping plans at drilling locations 
to minimize the impact of spills. We also follow local, state and 
federal guidelines when handling drilling fluid and mud systems.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

29 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Spill Prevention continued
When a spill does occur, we remediate, investigate the cause 
and take corrective action to prevent recurrence. Devon 
often performs in-situ remediation using naturally occurring 
microorganisms to remediate and restore impacted soils 
when feasible. This method also reduces the likelihood that 
invasive weeds and plants will be introduced to the area. In-situ 
remediation has other advantages, as well: It reduces truck 
traffic because it generally doesn’t require heavy machinery, 
and it reduces our overall operational waste footprint by 
eliminating the need to send impacted soil to landfills.
Devon has a robust EHS system for reporting and tracking 
spills. We require reporting of unintentional releases of oil, 
produced water, chemicals and any other material associated 
with our operations. Spills and near misses are tracked by  
the total company and business unit, which enables them  
to analyze their spill performance and find ways to improve.
The Devon lost-spill rate is based on the volumes of produced 
oil, produced water and recycled water handled in our operations. 
We believe that measuring our spill rate based on the total 
amount of fluids we manage in our operations gives us the 
best view of our performance and allows us to better manage 
our spill prevention procedures.
Improved performance in 2021
To drive continuous improvement, Devon sets an annual 
corporate target for the lost-spill rate and includes it in our 
annual performance bonus calculation. In 2020, legacy  
Devon achieved a 38% year-over-year improvement in our  
lost-spill rate, mainly due to spill prevention and remediation 
efforts across all our business units. At legacy WPX,  
continued employee spill reduction education and  
preventive maintenance across all business units resulted  
in a 26% year-over-year improvement in spill performance.
BARRELS LOST
(Reportable to Regulatory Agency + Offsite Lost Spills)
X       1,000,000
BARRELS MOVED
(Produced Oil + Produced Water + Recycled Water)
Calculation methodology for lost-spill rate
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

30 
Aiming for exemplary performance
The Safety section of our 2021 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 31 
W
orkforce Safety
 3
2 
Well Safety
 3
6
 
Resource Links:      
      
 E
nvironmental, Health and  
Safety (EHS) Philosophy
      Safety orientation video
      Contractor safety requirements
      Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
      
 
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Safety        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Safety

Overview
31 
It’s our responsibility as an employer to provide a safe and healthy workplace 
for our employees and contractors. But it goes deeper than that at Devon. We 
care about our employees, their families and our communities, and we believe 
their safety and health is as integral to our success as operational excellence. 
Decent Work and Economic Growth 
page 34
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action  
plan for organizations seeking to provide  
affordable energy, produced responsibly to  
protect the environment, while also promoting  
peace and prosperity for all people. In this report,  
we have identified a wide variety of Devon’s  
business activities that align with the U.N. SDGs.  
Here in the safety section, look for:
Taking Action
2018 2019 2020
Fatalities (Employee and contractor workforce) 0 1 2
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.53 0.49 0.43
TRIR - Employee 0.41 053 036
TRIR - Contractor 0.55 0.49 0.44
Serious Incident and Fatality (SIF) Recordable Rate   (Employee + Contractor) 0.06 0.10 0.11
Days Away Restricted Transfer (DART) Incident Rate (Employee + Contractor) 0.26 0.24 0.20
DART Incident Rate - Employee 0.12 0.28 0.24
DART Incident Rate - Contractor 0.28 0.23 0.19
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.12 0.15 0.12
LTIR - Employee 0.12 0.28 0.16
LTIR - Contractor 0.12 0.13 0.11
Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (per million miles) 1.00 1.50 1.20
Employee Hours (million) 4.9 5.7 5.0
Contractor Hours (million) 24.7 35.7 24.8
1 Performance in 2018 is limited to legacy Devon only.
Safety Performance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
We prepare our people to work safely with comprehensive orientation and training, on-the-job guidance and tools, safety 
engagements, recognition and other resources. Employees and contractors are accountable for stopping at-risk work, 
immediately reporting incidents and near-miss events, and informing visitors of emergency alarms and evacuation plans. 
Devon uses proven best practices, technologies, tools and materials throughout our operations to safeguard the people 
working at our worksites and neighbors nearby. 
SAFETY GOVERNANCE
    Integrated our safety governance structure and teams 
following our merger. 
    Elevated the importance of safety by creating the new 
position of vice president of ESG and EHS. 
    Adopted legacy company best practices for vehicle  
driving safety, serious incidents and fatalities (SIF)  
review processes and contractor management practices.
DEVON’S GOALS
    Safety performance at legacy Devon and legacy WPX 
contributed to an overall score of 80% and 96% of the 
companies’ 2020 corporate safety goals, respectively.
    Set 2021 corporate safety goals with the legacy  
companies’ combined 2020 safety metrics as the  
baseline, with overall safety representing a larger  
portion of the compensation formula.
VALUE CHAIN ENGAGEMENT
    By 2023, Devon contractors who perform work on 
the company’s locations will begin undergoing annual 
evaluations to assess their ESG performance in key areas.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Safety       
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
EXCEL DOWNLOAD

Everyone at Devon – our leaders, employees and 
contractors – is expected to actively participate in 
making Devon a safe place to work. We empower 
our team by providing comprehensive safety 
resources, measuring leading and lagging indicators, 
setting corporate safety goals and incorporating our 
safety metrics into our compensation.
We’re committed to integrating the guiding principles in 
our Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Philosophy into 
all decisions that affect our operations. Compliance with 
applicable safety laws, regulations, policies and protocols 
is a key principle, and is reinforced in our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics, EHS Policy and safety orientation, 
training and engagements.
Our governance structure supports Devon’s commitment to 
making safety our top priority. The Governance, Environmental, 
and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee of our board of 
directors reviews our safety performance and keeps the 
full board informed. Devon’s executive vice president and 
chief operating officer (COO) is responsible for our safety 
performance, with the vice president of ESG and EHS 
reporting to the COO. 
This vice president position is a 
new role that elevates the visibility 
and importance of ESG and EHS 
strategy , activities and disclosures.
Our senior leaders oversee safety policies and performance, 
and the ESG Committee supports management’s commitment 
to safety and health. In turn, our workforce is empowered to 
do what’s necessary to perform work safely and stop work if 
they see a safety risk.
TAKING ACTION
    Integrated our safety governance structure 
and teams for a seamless transition and to drive 
continuous improvement in safety.
    Elevated the visibility of safety and its importance 
to Devon’s future by creating the new role of 
vice president of ESG and EHS reporting to the 
executive vice president and chief operating officer. 
    Adopted legacy company best practices for 
vehicle driving safety, serious incidents and fatalities 
(SIF) review processes and contractor management 
practices to carry forward as One Team.
    Conducted safety training sessions, safety meetings 
and our Hearts and Minds workshops with masks 
and/or social distancing to promote safety during the 
COVID-19 pandemic.
    Safety performance at legacy Devon and legacy 
WPX contributed to an overall score of 80% and 
96% of the companies’ corporate safety goals, 
respectively, in 2020.
    Set 2021 corporate safety goals to reduce the 
overall SIF rate and to utilize SIF learnings to 
promote continuous improvement, systemic changes 
and enhanced EHS culture. The combined legacy 
companies’ 2020 safety metrics were used as the 
baseline.
    Overall, safety performance represents a larger 
portion of the compensation formula in 2021 
than in 2020.
Strategy and implementation
To drive continuous improvement, the Devon EHS 
Council sets safety and health strategy and helps ensure 
implementation. The council is made up of EHS, operations 
and business unit managers who meet regularly to monitor 
performance, share lessons learned, and communicate 
corrective actions and best practices. In addition, through 
roundtable discussions with production operations leaders, 
the council keeps the organization updated on stakeholder 
expectations for EHS performance.
The EHS Management System (formerly our EHS Roadmap) 
developed by the council guides our selection of the most 
effective activities and programs to help us continuously 
improve in 14 key elements of EHS performance. In 2020, 
the council met its goal to share and use learnings about 
Workforce Safety
32 
SIFs and near misses, which is part of our transition from 
lagging metrics to leading indicators. It also largely completed 
activities related to the Training and Competency element, 
with specific attention on employee training for critical tasks 
and for completing competency assurance.
With fresh eyes and input from new WPX team members, 
the EHS Council started identifying safety best practices 
from both legacy companies to carry forward. We adopted 
the WPX focus on driving safety and key elements of its 
contractor management program. We also integrated Devon’s 
SIF investigation and tracking process across all of our business 
units. Throughout 2021, the EHS team will continue making 
training improvements in some business units and focus on 
leading indicators to support reaching our corporate safety goals.
Empowering our team
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Safety        
   Leadership, Culture and Accountability
   Contractor Management
   Event Management and Investigation
   Environmental, Social and Governance
   Hazard Analysis and Risk Management
    Training and 
C
ompetency
   Goals and Objectives
   Emergency Management
   Safety Audit
   Asset Integrity
   Environmental Management
   Records and Documentation
   Safe Work Practices
   EHS Roadmap Review
Devon’s EHS Management System guides us in identifying concrete steps to continuously  
improve in 14 key elements of performance
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Strong EHS culture
One of the council’s ongoing priorities is to encourage a 
strong EHS culture at Devon. We believe the care and concern 
we show our workforce can have a positive impact on their 
safety and health at work and at home. We’ve learned from 
our field leaders that transparent communications, positive 
safety behaviors, proactive reporting and safely meeting 
operational goals are both signs and outcomes of a healthy 
EHS culture. The council assesses our EHS culture regularly  
to pinpoint the right approaches and programs to advance  
safety performance. 
Each employee learns about our safety culture on their 
first day on the job, and we keep the conversation going 
throughout their career. 
During new-hire orientation, 
employees learn the safety behaviors 
we expect and incorporate into the 
employee appraisal process.
Job competency is one of our EHS guiding principles. We 
emphasize the quality of safety training over the quantity. 
A combination of online and hands-on training is offered 
to office and field workers as appropriate for their job 
responsibilities. All employees must complete our field safety 
briefing if they work on or visit field locations. Our training 
reinforces our requirement to immediately report any incident 
or near-miss event and to be accountable for our own and 
others’ safety.
We put our safety culture into action in 2020 as we worked 
to keep our field crews healthy and safe during the challenges 
and distractions of the pandemic. In addition to following local 
Workforce Safety  continued
33 
RESPONSIBILITYRESPONSIBILITY
TO
1-844-310-3439
We back up our pledge to support 
anyone who exercises their Stop 
Work Responsibility. The EHS Hotline 
(1-844-310-3439) is available for any 
individual who tried to stop work but 
felt they were not supported.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Safety        
Visible 
Commitment
Accountability
Anticipation
Participation
Recognition
Communication
protocols, we held socially distanced training sessions and 
safety meetings. The experience highlighted the importance  
of having leaders in the field and in-person safety meetings  
to continue to set the right tone to work safely at Devon.
Stop Work Responsibility
Proactively managing safety risks is a key factor in maintaining 
safe working conditions. Starting with new-hire safety 
orientation and continuing on our work sites, we emphasize 
the importance of Stop Work Responsibility. Employees have 
the right, responsibility and obligation to speak up and stop 
any action, task or behavior that is or could be unsafe. It’s 
also a way we live our value of courage, and Devon pledges to 
support anyone who exercises their Stop Work Responsibility. 
We capture and track proactive stops and good catches, 
and recognize individuals for stopping work to safeguard 
themselves, each other and the environment.
Communicating our EHS culture
As a core element of our safety engagement efforts, our 
Hearts and Minds workshops drive home why safety is 
important to Devon. During the workshops, we share our 
safety culture and approach to effective communication, 
continuous improvement, integrity and situational awareness 
to reduce safety risk. Our Hearts and Minds workshops 
were thoughtfully paused following the onset of the global 
pandemic in 2020, but we believe so strongly in the value of 
the program that we resumed the workshops, with masks and 
social distancing to prevent the potential spread of COVID-19, 
for a number of service and rig crews. In 2020, more than 
250 individuals participated in Hearts and Minds or a rig on-
boarding workshop, including legacy WPX employees, leaders 
across Devon and contract drilling crews.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

34 
High expectations for contractors
Our contract partners who perform work in the field are 
indispensable to our operations. We seek contractors who 
have the most robust safety programs and track records, 
and we strive to work only with approved contractors who 
complete our supplier qualification process and meet our 
substantial policy and insurance requirements. Contractors are 
responsible for having EHS programs that meet or exceed all 
federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, as well as 
Devon’s standards and protocols for essential safety activities. 
In 2020, for the fourth straight year, more than 80% of legacy 
Devon’s operational spending was with contractors who 
earned our highest safety ratings.
As part of integrating best practices, in 2021 Devon 
transitioned to Veriforce for third-party contractor verification 
and management. Among other improvements, Veriforce 
enables us to send prospective contractors and vendors a 
customized questionnaire to gauge their alignment with our 
core ESG priorities. We believe the periodic questionnaire  
will encourage constructive interactions with contractors  
who perform services directly on our work sites, and 
ultimately strengthen our supplier relationships.
We require contractors to perform high-quality, 
environmentally sound and safe work. Contractors are 
expected to supply and retain quality personnel who are 
adequately trained to perform their jobs safely, and we 
work constantly to raise the level of contractor safety 
performance through training and engagement.
To work with Devon, unless specifically exempted by the 
EHS Contractor Management protocol, non-exempt contract 
workers must complete SafeLand or Rig Pass training. Both  
of these widely used industry safety training programs, as 
well as Devon’s contractor safety orientation, can be found 
on Veriforce’s eLearning platform. Our field orientation covers 
critical safety rules for common activities at field locations, 
such as handling chemicals, housekeeping and waste 
management. Oil haulers and all other contractors who work 
in transportation are required to complete safety briefings 
specific to their work. Devon’s company website provides 
contractors with easy access to our safety requirements, 
expectations, protocols, Safety Data Sheets (SDS), forms  
and tools.
To proactively manage risk, crews participate in a pre-task 
tailgate meeting before they start work to raise awareness  
of the potential risks and exposures, required personal 
protective equipment (PPE) and other aspects of the job.
Leadership engagements in the field can have a positive 
impact on our workforce, safety performance and operational 
excellence. To encourage safety-related engagements, our 
field personnel wear hard hat stickers that say, “Ask me my 
reason for working safely.” This simple question allows for 
opportunities to make safety personal for those engaging  
in that conversation.
The conversations that result 
often reveal that people work 
safely so they can return home  
to their family and friends – a 
higher motivation than simply 
following procedures. 
Compliance audits 
Audits to identify and correct safety concerns are an element 
of our EHS Management System. Each business unit is 
required to perform an annual safety self-audit of compliance 
with regulations and Devon EHS protocols. Findings of 
noncompliance and suggestions for improvement are recorded 
in our Incident Management System (IMS) and tracked to 
closure. Business unit EHS professionals lead the audits, with 
guest auditors from other business units on hand to share 
best practices and lessons learned. 
More than half of the audit time is spent at field locations, 
with a focus on sites where work is under way so auditors 
can engage employees and contractors. Auditors also check 
training, competency and inspection records, and other 
documentation. Trends observed and lessons learned during 
audits are shared across Devon to drive improvement.
Devon’s internal audit team provides an additional layer of 
review by performing operational audits in our field offices to 
examine processes and controls for functions such as supply 
chain, inventory and fleet management. Internal audit also 
periodically assesses the field audit process and recommends 
improvement opportunities. For example, Devon internal 
auditors suggested including guest auditors in business unit 
audits to provide an independent voice.
Audits have also led to streamlining to one toll-free number 
for ethics, EHS and other issues across all Devon locations. 
Over time, the corrective actions we complete to address 
audit findings can lead to safety, operational and process 
improvements.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Safety        
Workforce Safety  continued
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Devon works to promote a safe and secure 
working environment for all employees 
and contractors, from office staff to field 
workers. Our mission is to enable the 
health, safety and productivity of all 
persons involved in Devon operations by 
encouraging an EHS-centered culture. 
We provide training and tools, swiftly 
and thoroughly investigate incidents and 
near-miss events, crowd-source insights, 
apply new learnings and pledge to support 
anyone who stops work for any kind of 
perceived threat to safety.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

35 
Gauging our progress
Annual corporate safety goals drive where we focus our 
efforts to improve performance. Our legacy companies had 
different safety goals in 2020: Devon’s metrics were the 
recordable SIF rate, SIF learnings, ESG/EHS culture and EHS 
roadmap; WPX measured safe driving, contractor management 
and ESG. 
In 2020, legacy Devon fully met our corporate goal to share 
learnings from SIFs, but did not meet our goal to reduce our 
SIF rate. Both legacy companies experienced a contractor 
fatality and Devon’s SIF rate was higher than in 2019, deeply 
affecting families, loved ones and coworkers. We work constantly 
to prevent SIFs and all injuries and incidents so our employees 
and contractors can return home safely every day. 
SIF investigations in 2020, led by each business unit and 
reviewed by the EHS Council, identified root causes such as 
improper use of tools and failure to follow standards, policies, 
controls and procedures. We addressed the root causes 
and took corrective actions including reviewing equipment 
designs and reinforcing Devon policies, requirements and 
best practices with our contractors. We also review SIFs 
where no one was injured and industry SIFs to deepen our 
understanding of trends, mitigations and best practices. 
Devon focuses on the SIF rate because we want to prevent 
life-threatening and life-altering incidents and to understand 
high-risk near misses to help us improve. To give a comprehensive 
view of our safety performance, we also track the Days Away 
Restricted Rate (DART), Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) and 
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) for employees and 
contractors.
Employees of both legacy companies drove a combined  
16.2 million miles in 2020. At mid-year 2020, legacy WPX took 
action to reverse a rise in preventable motor vehicle accidents 
(MVA). A safe driving campaign with stickers, posters and a 
360 walkaround to check for hazards was rolled out for every 
company and employee vehicle. The result was a dramatic 
drop in MVAs in the second half of the year, allowing WPX 
to meet its 2020 corporate goal for safe driving. Devon now 
tracks our MVAs companywide, and several business units 
have set goals to improve driving safety locally.  
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Safety        
Workforce Safety  continued
2021 Corporate safety goals
Devon’s 2021 corporate safety goals continue 
our mission to protect the lives of our employees, 
contractors and communities. To determine our 
goals, we assessed our metrics and set a baseline 
that reflects the combined performance of both 
legacy companies in 2020. 
Our 2021 goals are weighted toward leading 
indicators and demonstrate our level of 
commitment to safety. Overall safety represents 
a larger portion of the compensation formula 
and the quantitative SIF rate reduction accounts 
for a larger portion of the safety goal in 2021 
compared to 2020. Utilizing SIF learnings 
remains a goal for the third year.
Guided by our values to always do what’s  
right, support each other and proactively 
manage risk, we continue to seek to  
safeguard our workforce and the public.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Devon uses proven best practices, technologies, 
tools and materials to protect people and the 
environment throughout the life cycle of our oil  
and natural gas wells.
Well integrity starts with the planning and design of the 
wellbore, including the selection of equipment, materials and 
drilling techniques. Devon designs our wells to meet high 
standards for the strength of the steel pipes that form the 
well, known as casing, and the quality and quantity of cement 
we use to separate and protect the multiple layers of casing. 
This attention to well construction keeps fluids in their proper 
place and protects groundwater zones for the life of the well.
During drilling operations, pressure tests confirm casing 
integrity. Acoustic measurements let us know that the cement 
is properly bonded to the casing and to the surrounding rock 
formation. Employees working in our Well Construction area 
are focused on optimizing drilling and completion engineering, 
monitoring Devon wells and making adjustments to prevent 
issues before they occur.
Devon continues to verify the well’s integrity during production 
operations by monitoring tubing and casing pressures and by 
analyzing gas and water produced by the well. We also conduct 
periodic pressure tests and casing inspections.
We determine the drilling fluids to be used during the design 
phase before we drill a well. We conduct regular well-control 
drills on our drilling rigs and audit drills as part of our field-
review process. To prevent spills, Devon follows local, state and 
federal guidelines when handling drilling fluid and mud systems.
After a well is drilled, we use the hydraulic fracturing process  
to complete it. Water, sand and additives are pumped into  
the wellbore to create or restore small fractures in the rock  
to stimulate production from new or existing oil and gas  
wells. Water and sand make up 98% to 99.5% of the mixture. 
A full registry of wells and chemical additives, along with much 
more information about hydraulic fracturing, is available at 
fracfocus.org. Devon played a leading role in creating Frac  
Focus in 2011 and has remained a major contributor to the site.
We regularly communicate Devon’s environmental, health and 
safety policies, protocols and operational expectations for well 
safety in safety tailgate meetings at field locations. We pride 
ourselves on work safety and empowerment; all our crews have 
Stop Work Responsibility. Anyone can stop a job at any time if 
the person notices a potential hazard or is unsure about a task. 
This workplace culture helps keep people safe and protects the 
environment by reducing the risk of spills and emissions.
Well Safety
36 
A full registry of wells and 
chemical additives, along with 
much more information about 
hydraulic fracturing, is available 
at fracfocus.org. 
Ensuring well integrity
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Safety        
Intermediate Casing
Production Casing
Cement
Conductor Casing
18 to 30 inches in 
diameter
Surface CasingSteel Casing
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

37 
Governance 
Integrity, accountability and disclosure
Resource Links:      
      Corporate Governance Guidelines
      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
      
 C
ode of Ethics for the Chief Executive 
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Accounting Officer
      Anti-Corruption Policy
      Ethics and Compliance Helpline
      Certificate of Incorporation
      Bylaws
      Privacy Policy
      ESG Steering Committee Charter
      Investor communications
      Annual proxy statements
      
 Annual P
olitical Activity and  
Lobbying Report*
      
 Dev
on Energy Corporation Political 
Action Committee Annual Report
      Emergency Preparedness Protocol
* data reflects legacy Devon only
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
The Governance section of our 2021 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 38
C
orporate Governance
 39
E
nterprise Risk Management
 4
2
Shareholder Engagement
 4
3
Public Advocacy
 44
C
ybersecurity
 
46
Ethics and Integrity
 4
7
Emergency Preparedness
 48

Overview
38 
To deliver results, we focus on operational excellence, 
top-tier environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
performance and productive stakeholder engagement. 
We integrate our environmental, health and safety (EHS) 
commitment into our operations and incorporate ESG 
performance goals into our compensation program. 
As we work to be financially, environmentally and socially responsible, Devon is 
guided by our core values and corporate governance principles. Maintaining ethics 
and integrity and recognized governance practices such as board independence, 
proactive shareholder engagement and risk management help us sustain the trust 
we’ve built with our stakeholders.
Climate Action 
page 42
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action  
plan for organizations seeking to provide  
affordable energy, produced responsibly to  
protect the environment, while also promoting  
peace and prosperity for all people. In this report,  
we have identified a wide variety of Devon’s  
business activities that align with the U.N. SDGs.  
Here in the governance section, look for:
2018 2019 2020
Independant Board Members 1 80% 91% 82%
Currently, 8 of our 11 board members (73%) qualify as independent  
under NYSE standards and SEC regulations.
Women Board Members1 20% 27% 27%
Currently three women (27%) serve on our board of directors, including the chairs  
of Devon’s Audit and Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committees.
Contributions - Trades and Political 2 (thousands) $494 $2,144 $2,234
In 2019, we began disclosing non-deductible trade association dues.
Lobbying - Federal and State 2  (thousands) $905 $1,178 $743
Devon’s lobbying and political activity is disclosed via public agencies, as well as  
through the company’s Political Activity and Lobbying Report available on our website.
Governance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
1  R eflects legacy Devon board composion following the annual election of directors each June.
2 Legacy Devon only.
Devon’s senior leaders evaluate risks and opportunities  
and seek to continuously improve our ESG performance 
and transparency. Our ESG Steering Committee plays 
an active role by informing management on current and 
emerging issues that influence business planning, strategy 
and operations. 
Taking Action
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
    Integrated corporate governance best practices 
from legacy Devon and legacy WPX to cultivate 
strong risk management, decision-making and 
communications with the board of directors.
    Expanded the responsibilities of the 
former Governance Committee to include 
environmental and public policy oversight, 
renaming it the Governance, Environmental,  
and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee.
    Established a new board Dividend Committee.
    Appointed a non-management director  
to serve in a lead director capacity.
SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 
    Engaged with approximately 100 governance 
representatives of institutional investors 
representing more than 46% of outstanding 
shares to discuss topics such as ESG strategy, 
executive compensation, environmental 
performance and board composition.
TRANSPARENCY
    Published our 2020 Political Activity Lobbying 
Report, 2020 Sustainability Report and 2021 
Climate Change Assessment Report, further 
advancing our commitments to transparency  
and disclosure.
    Achieved top-tier scores for ESG performance  
in a number of leading third-party surveys  
and assessments.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance       
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
EXCEL DOWNLOAD

Devon recognizes that strong corporate governance 
is required to maintain our social license to operate. 
We strive for effective decision-making and risk 
management as we conduct our business in keeping 
with our corporate values and ESG responsibilities, 
serving the interests of our stakeholders. 
Devon maintains an effective and functional corporate 
governance framework that can evolve along with our 
business. Progressive principles and practices guide our  
board of directors, executive management and workforce  
in delivering results with integrity and courage. 
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines support the board and 
management in enhancing stockholder value, consistent with 
the long-term interests of the company and our stakeholders. 
The guidelines cover board composition, policies, procedures 
and committees, and provide direction for the recruitment, 
selection, responsibilities, compensation and evaluation of 
individual directors. We revised our Corporate Governance 
Guidelines in March 2021 to reflect the evolving needs of  
our post-merger company. 
Independent board members bring fresh perspectives and 
diverse skills to their oversight of the company. The majority 
of Devon’s board members qualify as independent, based 
on New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards and 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations. Eight 
of 11 (73%) Devon board members qualified as independent  
as of June 2021. 
The full board has primary responsibility for risk oversight of 
the company, with standing committees dedicated to specific 
areas of risk: Audit, Compensation, Reserves and Governance, 
Environmental, and Public Policy. As required by each 
committee’s charter, all committee members are independent.
TAKING ACTION
    Integrated corporate governance best practices 
from legacy Devon and legacy WPX Energy to 
cultivate strong risk management, decision-making  
and communications with the board of directors.
    Established the Governance, Environmental, 
and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee to sharpen 
the board’s focus on environmental, health and  
safety (EHS), public policy, stockholder engagement 
and sustainability.
    Established the Dividend Committee to assist  
the board in its responsibility to administer  
the company’s dividend program.
    Appointed a non-management director to  
serve in a lead director capacity that seeks  
to optimize board performance.
    Established annual corporate goals for ESG and 
EHS performance to drive continuous improvement.
    Adopted an innovative fixed-plus-variable 
dividend strategy, the first in our industry,  
to accelerate cash returns to our shareholders.
Corporate Governance
39 
Creating shareholder value
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
C | Chair      M | Member
Audit  
Committee
Compensation 
Committee
Governance, Environmental,  
and Public Policy Committee
Reserves  
Committee
Non-Management Directors
Barbara Baumann M C
John E. Bethancourt M C
Ann G. Fox
Kelt Kindick, Lead Director M M
John Krenickl Jr. M M
Karl F. Kurz M M M
Robert A. Mosbacher Jr. C M
Duane C. Radtke M M
Valerie M. Williams C M
Management Directors
David A. Hager, Executive Chair
Rick E. Muncrief, President and CEO
Director committee assignments
As of June 2021
Charters
  Audit Committee Charter
 T he Audit Committee assists the  
board in ensuring the integrity of 
Devon’s financial statements and 
reporting system, compliance with  
legal and regulatory requirements,  
and performance of internal and 
external audit functions.
  Compensation Committee Charter
 T he Compensation Committee 
determines the compensation for 
Devon’s senior executives and provides 
oversight of the company’s employee 
benefit programs.
  Governance, Environmental  
& Public Policy Committee
 T he GEPP Committee assists the board 
in identifying qualified individuals 
for board membership; oversees the 
company’s corporate governance; 
reviews Devon’s EHS efforts, social 
responsibility and stakeholder 
engagement; advises the board on 
significant public policy issues; and 
oversees integrating sustainability into 
strategic and tactical business activities.
  Reserves Committee Charter 
The Reserves Committee provides 
oversight of the annual review and 
evaluation of Devon’s consolidated 
petroleum and natural gas reserves, 
reporting system, compliance, 
regulatory requirements and  
related disclosures.
  Dividend Committee Charter 
The Dividend Committee assists the 
board with its duties and responsibilities 
in the declaration and payment of 
dividends on Devon’s common stock.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Advancing board diversity
Throughout 2020 and 2021, leaders have regularly updated 
the board on Devon’s post-merger progress related to 
integrating operations, culture and workforce, as well as 
addressing the volatility in commodity and financial markets 
and the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our 
decisions and actions have benefited from informed input from 
board members with a wide range of experiences, viewpoints 
and backgrounds. Attracting and sustaining a diverse and 
inclusive board that can provide thoughtful counsel has long 
been a priority for Devon. 
We’ve made progress diversifying the Devon board, including 
electing two women among the five most recent board 
additions. As of June 2021, three women and one racially 
diverse director served on our board, and the Audit and  
GEPP committees were both chaired by women. Our directors  
range in age from 44 to 72, all below the maximum age of 74 
required by our Corporate Governance Guidelines.
Shareholders elect Devon directors at the annual meeting for 
one-year terms. Our bylaws require a director who does not 
receive a plurality of votes in an uncontested election to offer 
to resign. This has not happened in the company’s 50-year 
history; our directors received an average approval rating of 
96% at our 2021 annual meeting.
To align the board’s and stockholders’ interests with our 
long-term performance, independent directors are expected 
to have a significant ownership stake in Devon. The board 
determines the compensation of non-management directors 
annually based on the recommendations of the Compensation 
Committee. Compensation for our non-management 
directors, which has remained relatively consistent in recent 
years, is based on market norms and includes a combination  
of cash retainers and equity awards. Devon executives receive 
no additional compensation for serving on our board.
40 
Corporate Governance  continued
The GEPP Committee nominates qualified candidates to be Devon 
directors, seeking factors such as the nominees’ integrity and 
accountability , ability to provide informed judgment, respect 
from peers and high performance standards.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Adopting best practices
Following the merger, directors from the Devon and WPX 
legacy boards met in collaborative sessions to develop 
working relationships and identify governance best 
practices. One of the outcomes was expanding the role 
of the Governance Committee by establishing the board 
Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committee  
to oversee EHS, public policy, stockholder engagement  
and sustainability.
The board established the industry’s first fixed-plus-variable 
dividend strategy and created a board Dividend Committee 
to assist the board in administering the program, designed  
to sustainably return meaningful and appropriate amounts  
of cash to shareholders.
After closing the merger with WPX, the board appointed a 
non-management director to serve in a lead director capacity. 
Among other responsibilities, the lead director seeks to 
optimize board performance through regular feedback to help 
ensure the diverse viewpoints of all directors are heard and 
that a climate of constructive candor is created in which frank 
and thoughtful discussion occurs.
How to contact Devon’s non-management directors
Issues or concerns related to Devon’s accounting, internal 
accounting controls or auditing practices may be reported  
to the Audit Committee of the board of directors by:
    C alling our non-management directors access line  
at (866) 888-6179, or
   Sending an email to nonmanagement.directors@dvn.com.
Any stockholder or other stakeholder may also contact  
our non-management directors by calling, emailing  
or by sending U.S. mail to Non-Management Directors, c/o 
Office of the Corporate Secretary, Devon Energy Corporation,  
333 W. Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73102.
All calls and correspondence are anonymous and kept 
confidential to the extent possible.
Tenure
The tenure of our directors reflects a balance  
of experience and fresh perspectives.
As of June 2021
Independence
Eight of Devon’s 11 directors qualify
as independent under NYSE standards
and SEC regulations.
As of June 2021
Diversity
We approached our directors to voluntarily  
self-disclose their race, ethnicity and gender.  
Of the responses we received, three of our  
11 directors are considered diverse.
As of June 2021
27%
# of Years of Service
10+
6-10
0-5
2
2
7
Gender Diverse &  
1 Ethnically/Racially  
Diverse Director
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

41 
Pay-for-performance philosophy
Devon strives to own and effectively operate premier assets 
while maintaining financial strength and flexibility. Our 
executive compensation program seeks to ensure a strong 
tie between company performance and executive pay and 
is highly aligned with shareholders’ interests. This pay-for-
performance philosophy is intended to motivate near-term 
operational and financial success as well as create long-term 
stockholder value, with total compensation weighted in favor 
of long-term incentives (LTI) to emphasize value creation and 
shareholder alignment.
In addition, our compensation philosophy is designed to 
attract and retain highly trained, experienced and committed 
executives capable of creating value in a large and diversified 
oil and gas business. The primary components of Devon’s 
executive compensation program are base salary, a 
performance bonus and long-term incentives.
To determine the compensation for our executives, each 
year the board’s Compensation Committee evaluates the 
performance of the company and of individual executives and 
the business unit or organization they manage. Devon’s senior 
leaders are accountable for generating operating returns by 
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Barbara 
Baumann
John E.
Bethancourt
Ann G.
Fox
David A.
Hager
Kelt
Kindick
John
Krenickl Jr. 
Karl F.  
Kurz
Robert A.
Mosbacher Jr.
Rick E.
Muncrief
Duane C. 
Radtke
Valerie M.
Williams
Age                                                                               Our directors range in age from 44 to 72
Key Skills and Experience Aggregate
Public Board of Directors Experience 11
Energy Industry Experience 11
CEO/Business Leader 10
Human Capital Mgt./Comp. 11
Engineering Education/Experience 6
Finance/Capital Allocation 11
Financial Literacy/Accounting 11
Regulatory/Policy Matters 7
Directors’ Skills and Experience
Corporate Governance  continued
managing our premier asset portfolio, delivering superior 
execution and exercising discipline in our capital allocation. 
The leadership team updates the board regularly on our 
economic and operational risks and opportunities and on  
our ESG performance. 
In 2020, the Compensation Committee considered Devon’s 
performance relative to our corporate goals, including our 
Total Stockholder Return (TSR) compared to our peers and 
executives’ individual and business unit or organizational 
performance. In addition, we set challenging corporate goals for 
financial results, expenditures, oil and gas production, overall 
value of our risked resource portfolio, ESG/EHS performance, 
stakeholder alignment and our COVID-19 response. 
Devon met or exceeded our 2020 corporate goals other 
than our EHS target rate for recordable serious incidents 
and fatalities (SIF), which is a component of our EHS goal. 
Notwithstanding this high performance, the Compensation 
Additional Skills and Experience
 
    Three of our directors have experience with technology 
or cybersecurity.
    Five of our directors have an educational  background  
or work experience with environmental matters.
    All of our directors have experience in corporate 
governance and risk management.
Committee chose to acknowledge the challenging industry 
and broader market conditions by reducing the performance 
bonus from 153% of target to 75% of target. In addition, 
approximately 89% of the value of total direct compensation 
awarded to the CEO, and an average of approximately 82% 
of the value of total direct compensation awarded to the 
other named executives, was delivered through performance 
bonuses and LTI. 
In 2020, 63% of voting stockholders voted “for” our executive 
compensation, significantly lower than the say-on-pay votes 
for the previous three years. Devon increased our outreach 
with our institutional investors to seek feedback on our proxy 
disclosure and solicit their input on proxy voting items. We 
responded and took action on their primary critiques and 
reported on them in detail in the Compensation Discussion 
and Analysis (CD&A) section of our 2021 proxy statement.  
As a result, 94% of voting stockholders voted “for” the  
say-on-pay vote at the 2021 annual meeting.
Our directors received an  
average approval rating of 96%  
at our 2021 annual meeting.96%
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Systematically identifying and managing economic, 
operational and reputational risks to our business 
is essential to Devon’s efforts to deliver results 
safely, ethically and responsibly. The Devon board 
of directors has primary responsibility for risk 
oversight, and each director has experience in  
risk management.
As part of this oversight role, the board helps ensure that our 
risk management programs are designed and implemented 
appropriately. Four standing board oversight committees 
consider the risks inherent in their areas of oversight and 
update the full board. The Devon management team, in turn, 
executes the board’s risk management directives. This includes 
overseeing and reporting on Devon’s day-to-day efforts to 
manage strategic, financial, operational, market, ESG, EHS  
and other business risks.
The head of our internal audit group reports directly to the 
board’s Audit Committee, and receives additional guidance 
from our executive vice president and chief financial officer. 
The internal audit director is certified in risk management 
assurance by the Institute of Internal Auditors and leads a team 
of professionals who hold 20 different certifications in public 
accounting, internal auditing with a risk management component, 
fraud examination, cybersecurity and other specializations.
TAKING ACTION
    Integrated identified risks and risk management  
best practices from legacy Devon and WPX  
into our 2021 risk analysis.
    Evaluated our existing risk category for disasters, 
which identifies a pandemic as a risk, to understand 
lessons learned and make any needed changes 
to the category and potential mitigations.
Enterprise Risk Management
42 
Identifying, prioritizing and monitoring risk
Maintaining awareness of business risk
An important step in our enterprise risk management process 
is the annual analysis during which the board, management 
and subject matter experts across the company consider 
the likelihood that certain risks could cause economic or 
reputational damage to Devon. We also consider the level of 
preparedness for each risk. This analysis helps us determine 
the material risks to our business.
Our process includes exercises and workshops with 
employees focused on various risk mitigation strategies. 
Leaders from multiple work disciplines are involved in these 
workshops to help us identify new and emerging risks and 
maintain awareness of business risk across the organization. 
In 2021, we evaluated the risk management processes of our 
legacy companies and incorporated best practices from both 
companies into our go-forward process, including our series  
of risk management exercises and workshops.
For a more detailed discussion of Devon’s material risks, 
please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
ended Dec. 31, 2020.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
As an energy producer, we believe that 
strong governance of corporate climate 
risk is foundational to supporting 
climate action. At Devon, climate-related 
issues are managed by formal corporate 
management structures, including board 
level oversight, and are integrated into  
our enterprise risk management system. 
For example, active risk management 
led us in 2019 to set our first methane 
reduction target (beyond regulatory 
requirements). Read more about our 
updated target and other climate tactics 
in the Environment section and our CDP 
Climate disclosures.
Devon’s ERM framework
Our risk management process enabled us to prepare 
for and respond quickly to the COVID-19 pandemic 
and subsequent economic crisis, while executing 
our business strategy and successfully completing 
the merger of Devon and WPX.
Board oversight
Periodic reporting to 
the board, executive 
committee and 
management
Enterprise risk inventory
Documentation covering  
each risk category including  
risk-mitigation activities
Risk workshops 
Quarterly risk  
discussions
Annual ERM survey
Annual survey of board,  
executive committee,  
management and  
subject matter experts
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

As an element of our cash-return business model, 
Devon’s ESG performance is important to many 
of our shareholders. Insights from our shareholder 
dialogues shape our ESG programs, focus our 
disclosures and impact our compensation structure.
We’ve learned through ongoing outreach with our 
shareholders that ESG performance is a key component of 
their valuation of Devon. As a result, we’ve strengthened 
governance practices to more effectively manage the risks 
and opportunities of issues such as climate change. In 2021, 
we expanded the responsibilities of the former Governance 
Committee to include environmental and public policy 
oversight, renaming it the Governance, Environmental, 
and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee. The GEPP Committee 
oversees company management in setting strategy, 
establishing goals and integrating sustainability into our 
business activities. The committee also reviews Devon’s 
environmental, health and safety and social responsibility 
programs. Our senior-level ESG Steering Committee 
coordinates the related efforts and regularly updates our 
executive committee, GEPP Committee and the full board  
on our progress.
Building relationships with our shareholders helps Devon 
anticipate and manage issues that influence our long-term 
success. Under the direction of Devon’s vice president of 
corporate governance, secretary and associate general 
counsel, we communicate directly with shareholders to 
understand their interests and needs, and to share our 
strategies and plans. 
When a far lower percentage of voting stockholders voted 
“for” our executive compensation (say-on-pay) in 2020 than 
in the previous three years, we proactively sought feedback 
from our institutional investors. Devon interacted with 
approximately 100 representatives of institutions totaling 
TAKING ACTION
    Earned top-tier ESG rankings among peer 
companies from Sustainalytics, Vigeo Eiris, CDP  
and Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS). 
    Published our updated Climate Change 
Assessment Report, 2020 Sustainability  
Report and 2020 Political Activity and  
Lobbying Report.
    Increased transparency with new public 
disclosure of indirect GHG emissions from use  
of sold products (Scope 3).
    Addressed institutional investor critiques on  
our 2020 say-on-pay executive compensation vote 
and other proxy matters.
Shareholder Engagement
43 
Turning insights into improvements
more than 46% of outstanding shares to discuss our 2020 
say-on-pay vote. We analyzed the feedback from these 
discussions and from critiques contained in governance 
reports received in response to our proxy statement. Our 2021 
proxy statement details our resulting actions and responses. 
We believe this approach contributed to approximately 94%  
of voting stockholders casting ballots “for” Devon’s say-on-pay 
vote in 2021.  
In meetings with shareholders, we often invite Devon senior 
leaders and subject matter experts to provide information 
on topics of interest, such as executive compensation and 
field environmental practices. We share key themes with 
Devon senior management and our board, who appreciate 
the shareholder feedback. Our directors also welcome the 
opportunity to engage with shareholders as appropriate.
With our shareholders’ focus on climate change, Devon is 
committed to reporting our related activities and progress. 
In December 2021, we published an updated Climate 
Change Assessment Report to reflect changes in our asset 
portfolio since publishing the first report in 2018. The 2021 
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
report enhances the company’s alignment with the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), an 
international, multi-industry-led initiative launched to develop 
recommendations for voluntary disclosure of climate-related 
risk. Devon aligns with TCFD because it is the preferred 
disclosure framework for our investors and other stakeholders. 
We also continue to set targets to drive improvements in our 
environmental performance, including our board-approved 
targets for reducing GHG and methane emissions intensity, 
flaring and freshwater use set in June 2021. 
Benchmarking ESG performance
We participate in a number of third-party ESG-focused 
surveys and assessments that help stakeholders benchmark 
our progress. Sustainalytics, ISS, Vigeo Eiris and CDP have  
all ranked our ESG scores in the top tier of our peer groups.
These assessments also help us refine our transparency 
efforts and improve our ESG performance. Devon regularly 
evaluates surveys and additional public disclosures we could 
make to target our reporting on the information that is most 
meaningful for shareholders and other stakeholders. 
Increasing transparency
Devon’s actions to meet our shareholder needs for ESG 
information include the following:
    P ublished Climate Change Assessment Reports in  
2018, 2020 and 2021.
    S et our first methane intensity target in 2019, and 
achieved it in 2020.
    S et new environmental performance targets in 2021, 
including net zero GHG emissions. 
   Published a Sustainability Report annually since 2018.
    P ublished our Political Activity and Lobbying Report 
annually since 2018.
    I ncorporated emissions, safety and other ESG metrics 
into our executive compensation structure. 
    E levated ESG reporting in investor communications 
through third-party surveys. 
    P articipated in CDP climate reporting for 17 consecutive 
years and CDP water reporting for eight consecutive years. 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

With growing interest in the energy transition and 
the sustainability of our industry, public policy 
discussions about oil and gas development and 
production are evolving rapidly. Devon engages 
on issues as diverse as climate change, emissions 
reductions, hydraulic fracturing and federal lands 
access. We’re committed to having constructive 
conversations, building relationships and developing 
solutions that help us deliver results while addressing 
stakeholder concerns. 
TAKING ACTION
    Published the Devon 2020 Political Activity 
Lobbying Report.
    Focused on preserving our access to resources  
on federal lands and addressing potential state  
and federal legislation and regulations aimed  
at reducing carbon, methane and greenhouse  
gas emissions.
Public Advocacy
44 
Constructive conversations about public policy
As a leading U.S. energy company, Devon participates in local, 
state, national and global economies. The company takes 
public policy positions on issues that impact our business, 
including regulations, taxes, trade, jobs and ESG performance. 
We have a responsibility to advocate for laws and rules 
that meet business and societal needs, and to consider and 
communicate the impacts and trade-offs of our decisions. 
At the board level, the Governance, Environmental, and Public 
Policy (GEPP) Committee reviews our advocacy efforts and 
assists with evaluating political, legislative and regulatory 
developments that could affect Devon. Our vice president of 
public and government affairs, who reports to the executive 
vice president and general counsel and is a member of the 
ESG Steering Committee, leads our efforts to advocate 
for Devon’s business interests. Our core value of integrity 
commits us to fulfill our advocacy role in compliance with  
all applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
Balanced engagement
Important decisions about energy, the environment and 
the economy require accurate information and thoughtful 
deliberation at all levels of government. To encourage sound 
public policy, Devon seeks out and welcomes engagements 
with stakeholders who represent diverse viewpoints. For 
example, we’ve worked with stakeholders ranging from New 
Mexico state regulators to environmental groups such as the 
Environmental Defense Fund on methane regulations and 
flaring. Our vice president of public and government affairs is 
a member of the Congressional Hispanic Leadership Institute’s 
advisory board and engages with the Congressional Asian 
Pacific American Caucus, Congressional Black Caucus and 
other federal lawmaker groups. 
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
2020 Political Activity 
and Lobbying Report *
Political Activity and 
Lobbying Report Archives * 
 
In 2021, we’re taking this balanced approach on priority issues  
such as preserving our access to resources on federal lands  
and addressing potential state and federal legislation for 
carbon, methane and greenhouse gas emissions. We seek 
to help stakeholders understand the impacts of proposed 
policies on our day-to-day operations and longer-term 
business prospects, as well as the value of oil and gas 
production to governments and society. We plan to engage 
proactively to find sensible public policy solutions. 
Industry participation
To make our views on regulations and laws known, Devon 
participates in business coalitions, industry associations,  
trade groups and advocacy organizations. We share 
information about industry issues with our employees to 
aid discussions with their friends and neighbors, and we 
encourage them to vote.
Devon employees are active in industry associations such  
as the Petroleum Alliance of Oklahoma, New Mexico Oil and 
Gas Association (NMOGA), Texas Oil and Gas Association 
(TXOGA), the Petroleum Association of Wyoming (PAW), 
North Dakota Petroleum Council, American Exploration and 
Production Council (AXPC) and the American Petroleum 
Institute (API). 
As an example, a Devon employee is active on API’s 
Occupational Safety and Health Subcommittee, which 
proposed a voluntary safety program to elevate the overall 
safety performance of the onshore exploration and production 
industry. We’re proud to have a Devon representative sharing 
our values and contributing to industry best practices on this 
important industry committee.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
* data reflects legacy Devon only
2019 2018 2017

45 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Increasing disclosures
Our public advocacy discussions often include Devon’s 
environmental, social and governance performance. We’ve 
steadily increased public disclosures on ESG performance 
in recent years, including in our comprehensive annual 
Political Activity and Lobbying Report. This report discloses 
the company’s expenditures for political contributions, 527 
contributions, federal and state lobbying and the Devon 
Energy Corporation Political Action Committee (DECPAC). 
Since 2019, the report has disclosed the names of all 
trade associations we belong to and the non-deductible 
membership dues we pay. The board’s GEPP Committee 
reviews our political contributions to confirm alignment with 
Devon’s policies and objectives. We’ve reduced our advocacy 
and lobbying expenditures in the past few years as part of  
our overall cost-reduction efforts.
Public Advocacy  continued
We communicate proactively , listen 
carefully and seek diverse opinions 
that challenge our thinking.
Energy rebound in Wyoming
When the state of Wyoming asked our industry to help revive 
its pandemic-ravaged economy by applying for federal CARES 
Act funds, Devon identified projects capable of providing 
hundreds of jobs.
The state accepted our proposal to plug and abandon (P&A) 
five wells and complete 10 wells we had drilled but not 
completed due to drastic pandemic-related budget cuts in 
2020. In addition to generating much-needed federal and state 
tax revenue and royalty payments, the P&A projects eliminate 
possible future environmental liabilities for everyone. These 
projects kicked off in 2021, and we’re proud to help Wyoming 
provide assistance to workers, families and small businesses.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

The Colonial Pipeline ransomware attack in 2021 
certainly highlighted the vital role cybersecurity 
plays in the global energy system. At Devon, we 
know that cybersecurity is crucial to our ability to 
sustain our business.
Every day, we collect, use, share and store a significant 
amount of data to run our business. We invest in sophisticated 
tools and processes to protect our technology advantage, 
strengthen our business continuity capabilities, manage risk 
and deliver results. 
Safeguarding our networks, systems and information starts 
with our highly skilled digital security professionals who apply 
artificial intelligence, process automation, data analytics and 
other techniques in the field and the office. We require and 
pay for each member of our security operations team to 
earn SANS Institute certifications for security essentials and 
incident handling.
Our security professionals meet weekly to discuss 
cyberthreats, incidents and effective prevention measures. 
They also proactively develop, use and share information on 
cyberthreats, enhancing human intelligence with appropriate 
levels and layers of automation.
At the highest governance level, three members of the 
Devon board of directors have technology or cybersecurity 
experience. The board and its Audit Committee take an active 
interest in cybersecurity as part of their risk management 
oversight role and receive regular updates on our information 
security program and cyberattack trends from the Devon 
management team.
TAKING ACTION
    Provided annual digital awareness training for  
all Devon employees and contractors and onboarded 
legacy WPX employees quickly.
    Successfully transitioned our company to  
safe and secure remote working during the  
COVID-19 pandemic.
Cybersecurity
46 
Safeguarding our networks, systems and information
To mitigate cybersecurity risk, we maintain an industry-leading 
corporate information security policy and program aligned 
with the U.S. Department of Commerce’s National Institute  
of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework 
for risk management. Our policy and program are assessed 
by third-party experts, and we internally exercise and test 
our incident response and disaster-recovery plans as part of 
Devon’s corporate emergency preparedness program. 
A culture of prevention is important to our digital security. 
Devon provides cybersecurity awareness training for all 
employees and contractors during onboarding and through 
annual refresher training. Teams that have access to sensitive 
data receive specific training and employees who help us 
avoid cybersecurity events receive recognition. Responsible 
use of our information systems is covered in our Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics, the Information General Usage 
Policy and related policies. 
As part of its role to protect data and technology appropriately, 
our digital security team evaluates technologies that Devon 
builds, buys or deploys and provides recommendations to 
the business owners. This risk assessment role is essential as 
Devon increasingly develops our own patented technologies, 
deploys mobile apps in the field, and partners with other 
innovators to commercialize and scale technology solutions.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Mitigating  
cybersecurity risk
    O ur corporate information security policy and 
program is aligned with the U.S. Department 
of Commerce’s National Institute of Standards 
and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity 
Framework for risk management.
    1 00% of employees working on the Devon 
security operations team have earned 
industry certifications in security essentials 
and incident handling.
    O ur culture of prevention includes training, 
recognition and enforcement.
    W e experienced no business interruptions or 
material losses from cyberattacks in 2020 or  
to date in 2021.
    W e use best practices in our external- 
facing website.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Integrity is the foundational corporate value at 
Devon. Doing business with openness and honesty 
is the starting point to live out our other core values 
of building trusting relationships, having courage to 
take intelligent risks and delivering results.
Devon is committed to high ethical, moral, professional and 
legal standards in all our business practices and relationships. 
We seek to always do what’s right, be transparent with our 
results and speak up with respect.
The Audit Committee of Devon’s board of directors monitors 
our business practices and ethical standards and oversees 
legal and regulatory compliance. Together with Devon’s executive 
vice president and general counsel, the Audit Committee annually 
reviews our business ethics program, including the code and our 
Anti-Corruption Policy and Procedures.
The code guides each Devon director, officer and employee 
in fulfilling our responsibilities to each other, our business 
partners, shareholders, government and legal systems. We 
also require our chief executive officer, chief financial officer 
and chief accounting officer to adhere to an additional, more 
stringent Code of Ethics holding them to the highest level of 
ethical and legal behavior. 
Devon directors, officers and employees also are expected 
to comply with policies that provide guidance on specific 
business practices. These include our Zero Tolerance Anti-
Harassment Policy, Anti-Corruption Policy and Procedure, 
Conflicts of Interest Policy, Employee Gifts and Entertainment 
Declaration Policy, Information System General Usage Policy 
and Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy.  
TAKING ACTION
    Updated our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
and onboarded new employees to our code and 
related policies post-merger.
    Established a cross-functional ethics  
committee, a legacy WPX best practice, to consider 
reports of suspected violations of the code, policies,  
laws or regulations.
    Closed 100% of investigations resulting from a 
report to our Ethics and Compliance Helpline in 2020. 
Ethics and Integrity
47 
Responsible business conduct
We take proactive steps to reinforce the importance of 
understanding our ethical standards, legal obligations and 
regulatory compliance requirements. Devon employees are 
required to complete an ethics training course when they 
join the company. Following the merger, employees joining 
Devon from WPX received this ethics training as part of their 
onboarding. Annually, all employees receive the same ethics 
training and are required to acknowledge and agree to abide 
by our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
We review the training, code and policies each year and 
update them as needed to keep the content current and 
relevant. Our goal is to maintain high awareness and 
understanding of Devon’s expectations. 
Obligations for reporting
Violations of the code or related policies are serious matters 
that could damage Devon’s relationships and reputation. 
Devon employees are obligated to enforce the code and 
report potential violations, with no fear of retaliation. Reports 
can be made by contacting our executive vice president and 
general counsel.
Employees and other stakeholders may also make a safe, 
secure and confidential report to our third-party Ethics and 
Compliance Helpline by phone or online. The Helpline is 
available at all times to report harassment, inappropriate 
behavior, fraud, unsafe acts, accounting irregularities, 
human rights violations or any other potential code or policy 
violation. The Helpline can also be used to seek guidance on 
Devon’s ethics policy, follow up on a reported issue or ask 
an ethics-related question. Our board of directors receives 
periodic reports on Helpline activity to assist in its role of 
monitoring our ethical standards and practices.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Fraud protection
Devon’s active fraud awareness program helps us 
prevent invoicing abuse, digital scams and other types 
of fraud. Our team of fraud examiners with fraud 
investigation experience enables us to quickly take 
action to prevent financial loss and mitigate risk.
We continue to expand our internal steering committee 
that identifies industry trends and emerging threats, 
most recently by adding operations experts who can 
help us root out fraud in the field. The committee 
developed fraud identification training for employees 
who work in the field, in accounting and other 
functions. We also share information on fraud trends 
and threats with all employees to help them recognize 
and report fraudulent activity.
Ethics and compliance  
helpline metrics
of reports were unsubstantiated, 
simple inquiries or system tests.
98%
of users requested anonymity.
45%
of reports of possible ethics violations 
came through the online portal.
69%
100%
of investigations intiated in 2020 
were closed by year-end.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE 
HELPLINE

Being proactive and prepared is part of Devon’s 
culture. Our centralized, coordinated approach to 
emergency preparedness prioritizes life safety and 
business continuity for incidents that could affect 
our employees, our assets, our business and the 
environment.
Devon’s corporate emergency management function leads 
our emergency response and recovery efforts for weather 
events, operational incidents, supply disruptions and other 
incidents. To manage emergency response in cooperation 
with community agencies, we follow the Federal Emergency 
Management Agency’s (FEMA) National Incident Management 
System (NIMS). We provide in-house training, drills and 
exercises on the NIMS Incident Command System (ICS) to 
promote timely, effective incident response. The head of our 
emergency management program is a certified Emergency 
Manager and ICS instructor, which strengthens our capabilities. 
In addition, about 150 employees are trained as floor wardens 
to lead occupants of buildings and facilities to safety and 
provide medical assistance during an emergency. 
Due to the pandemic, in-person exercises were replaced 
with virtual tabletop exercises for the aviation incident 
management team and Wyoming work group in 2020. 
Based on how quickly our teams adapted, we believe virtual 
communications can support our ability to manage events  
in the future.
Complementary competencies
The merger of Devon and WPX gives us an opportunity to 
look at emergency preparedness from different perspectives 
and share best practices. In assessing the legacy systems, 
we quickly identified complementary competencies: WPX’s 
strong capabilities in the first hour of response and Devon’s 
centralized, coordinated emergency management program.
TAKING ACTION
    Solidifying our One Team capabilities for 
emergency preparedness, response and recovery 
as part of post-merger integration activities.
   Conducted a successful virtual tabletop exercise that 
also enabled us to add virtual communications to 
our incident command toolkit. 
   Participated in establishing Oklahoma’s energy 
assurance plan to assist the state during an energy 
emergency.
   Activated our incident command system before 
the COVID-19 pandemic was widely recognized in 
the U.S., allowing Devon to take early actions 
for employee health and safety and business 
continuity.  
48 
Ready to respond
We continue to assess both systems, existing plans, our asset 
portfolio, our personnel and potential threats and hazards. 
We’re creating a consistent foundation across all locations 
with basic incident management training and then validating 
it in a discussion-based exercise, followed by operational drills 
and full-scale exercises at a later date.
Community partners
To help ensure preparedness, Devon engages law enforcement, 
fire departments, emergency management and emergency 
medical services. We follow the U.S. Department of Homeland 
Security Exercise and Evaluation Program, which allows us 
to provide community partners with documentation that 
validates their participation for federal funding and medical 
facility accreditation requirements.
In addition to maintaining proficiency in our operating areas, 
Devon advocates for strong emergency management capabilities 
throughout industry and government. In 2020, the head of 
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance        
our emergency management program served as the chair 
of the Oil and Natural Gas Subsector Coordinating Council 
that works closely with the U.S. Departments of Energy 
and Homeland Security on physical and cybersecurity 
preparedness. Through our involvement in the National 
Association of State Energy Officials (NASEO), Devon was 
invited to participate in establishing Oklahoma’s energy 
assurance plan to assist the state with physical and 
cybersecurity during an energy emergency. We’re proud to 
help our home state in this public-private partnership.
Protecting our license to operate
Devon documents areas for improvement, best practices 
and strengths after every exercise and actual response. 
Corrective actions are incorporated into our EHS incident 
management system. When emergencies and incidents occur, 
our continuous improvement efforts and training enable us to 
protect our workforce, our neighbors and our assets. In turn, 
we’re protecting our business and license to operate.
Emergency Preparedness 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon’s Incident Command structure facilitates teamwork and communication 
among multi-disciplinary professionals from across the organization.

The Social section of our 2021 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 50
C
ommunity Engagement
 5
1
STEM
 53
Philanthr
opy
 
56
Volunteerism
 58
H
uman Rights
 59
49 
 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
Social
Relationships matter
Resource Links:      
      STEM grants
      
 C
orporate Giving Policy
      
 V
olunteer request form 
      
 S
tatement on Human Rights
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Overview
50 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Devon’s social investments are grounded in our core 
value of relationships. We listen to our stakeholders to 
understand their concerns, assess their needs and find the 
most effective ways we can help. One of Devon’s strengths 
is our ability to bring together local and national nonprofits, 
private foundations and corporations to expand the reach 
and effectiveness of our social investments. We advocate 
for tribal traditions, community development and youth 
programs for indigenous peoples where we operate. Our 
employee volunteers show their dedication to improving 
quality of life by helping alleviate hunger, advance 
education, deliver necessities and bring enrichment 
opportunities to our neighbors. In our relationships and 
engagements, we’re committed to work with integrity,  
earn trust, empower others and keep improving. 
We’re responsive to our community stakeholders and 
available to handle any concerns we receive in person, by 
phone and online. Devon’s trained team of experienced 
land, community relations, field operations, corporate 
communications and other professionals is prepared to 
respond to issues and work with stakeholders to find solutions. 
To be a socially responsible operator, Devon invests in building strong, safe 
communities. Our social investments are focused on aspects of community life 
where we can have the greatest impact, while aligning with Devon’s values and 
business goals: STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) education, 
public safety, social services and vibrancy in the communities where we operate. 
COVID-19 ACCOMMODATIONS
    Modified our social investment plan and 
activities to address urgent community needs  
that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic.
    Distributed over 10,000 at-home STEM 
resources for children and teachers in our 
operating areas.
    Expedited our annual Give for Good employee 
giving campaign, which raised $1.4 million.
SUPPORTING DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION EFFORTS
    Launched our Inclusion and Equity Grants 
program to support Black community 
organizations in Oklahoma City. 
    Honoring the Tulsa community’s support of 
legacy WPX Energy with grants focused on 
economic development, education, social 
services and community enrichment.
2018 2019 2020
Social Investments (millions) $8.3 $7.8 $5.3
Social Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
Quality Education 
page 53
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action  
plan for organizations seeking to provide  
affordable energy, produced responsibly to  
protect the environment, while also promoting  
peace and prosperity for all people. In this report,  
we have identified a wide variety of Devon’s  
business activities that align with the U.N. SDGs.  
Here in the social section, look for:
Taking Action
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
EXCEL DOWNLOAD

Earning the trust of our stakeholders by what we say 
and do is part of the Devon culture. We’re committed 
to building relationships of mutual respect as we work 
with our stakeholders – including our coworkers and 
their families, shareholders, neighbors, landowners, 
mineral-rights holders, policymakers, lawmakers, 
suppliers, vendors, services companies and schools. 
Together, we can find solutions and lay the foundation 
for ongoing cooperation.
We recognize that the industrial processes and equipment 
used to develop oil and natural gas can cause noise, traffic 
and other issues that affect our neighbors. Devon is dedicated 
to improving the compatibility of our operations in the 
communities where we do business and helping mitigate the 
impact of industry activity. We’ve worked with local housing 
developers, industry coalitions, state agencies, business 
owners, individual landowners and others to enhance safety 
and quality of life in the vicinity of oil and gas operations.
With our safety focus, Devon has a history of partnering with 
the emergency responders who protect our communities. 
Although the COVID-19 pandemic prevented the roundtable 
dinner discussions we’ve hosted for emergency responders 
in DeWitt County, Texas, since 2014, we hope to renew these 
events in the future. In 2020, we continued our practice of 
contributing to first responders to help them acquire trucks, 
training, equipment and supplies to support their important 
work in our operating areas. 
TAKING ACTION
    Worked in concert with the MHA Nation to 
prevent the spread of COVID-19 on the Fort 
Berthold Indian Reservation in North Dakota.
    Supported Cheyenne Frontier Days in Wyoming,  
a favorite cultural celebration in the state.
    Continued our leadership in the Permian 
Strategic Partnership, an industry coalition seeking 
to strengthen and improve quality of life in west 
Texas and southeastern New Mexico.
    Supported the Oklahoma Energy Resources Board 
(OERB) and their efforts to clean up abandoned 
well sites and promote road traffic safety.
    Maintained relationships with county emergency 
managers and local officials across our operating 
areas to ensure community readiness.
Nearly all of our Williston Basin operations in North Dakota 
are located on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation, home 
of the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation (MHA Nation). 
To be a prudent operator there, Devon collaborates in a 
straightforward manner to earn and maintain the respect 
of the MHA Nation. Throughout 2020, this included 
implementing policies to reduce the potential spread of the 
COVID-19 virus and working to comply with the MHA Nation’s 
COVID-19 practices. We also assisted the tribal communities 
through charitable giving for educational, health and safety 
endeavors, such as the American Indian Cancer Foundation  
and local fire and ambulance services.
Community Engagement
51 
Working together
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
In coordination with the BLM, employees in southeast New Mexico install picnic grills on National Public Lands Day.

Community solutions in the Permian Basin
As one of the largest producers in the Permian Basin, Devon 
is quite aware of the promise and challenges that stakeholders 
face in this prolific oil production region. Following years of 
intensive development, the region encompassing Devon’s 
Delaware Basin assets in southeastern New Mexico and west 
Texas became the highest producing oilfield in the world in 
2019. It’s a major contributor to America’s energy security, 
as well as significant regional economic development and 
job creation. However, the increase in activity and influx of 
workers also has put a strain on the region’s infrastructure, 
education, healthcare, housing and social services.
Energy companies, including Devon, recognized the challenges 
and formed the Permian Strategic Partnership (PSP) to 
strengthen and improve the quality of life for residents in  
the region. The PSP partners with local leaders to develop  
and implement strategic plans to bring about superior schools, 
safer roads, quality healthcare, affordable housing and a 
trained workforce. 
The Permian Strategic Partnership has been an effective 
catalyst for building regional capabilities for community 
development. Devon is proud to be a leader in this industry 
coalition that is giving the Permian Basin the tools and 
resources it needs to reap the benefits of being a state, 
national and global focal point for energy development.
52 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
Community Engagement  continued
Permian Strategic Partnership (PSP)
In 2021, Devon’s executive vice president and chief operating 
officer is a member of the PSP board of directors and our vice 
president of public and government affairs serves on the PSP 
management committee. Through our $10 million, multi-year 
investment in PSP, Devon is working together with 16 other 
member companies for an even greater impact. Since its 
formation in 2018, PSP has directly invested $48.5 million  
in Permian Basin initiatives including:
    Education: $21.5 million 
Strengthening public education by helping secure National 
Board for Professional Teaching Standards Certification 
opportunities for teachers, partnering with stakeholders  
to advance internet capacity and access for students across 
Eddy County, and other initiatives.
    Workforce: $11.6 million 
Developing the regional workforce by supporting the Hobbs 
Career and Technical Education Center, Catalyst workforce 
project, Southeast New Mexico (SENM) grants initiative and 
similar efforts. 
     Healthcare: $9.3 million 
Expanding access to health care through Texas Tech University 
Health Science Center (TTUHSC) programs for physician 
assistant training, medical residency, family medicine and 
mental health, as well as the Permian Basin Healthcare 
Assessment (phase 1).
    Road Safety: $1.1 million 
Improving road safety by distributing life-saving equipment  
to first responders and assisting local law enforcement 
agencies in securing grants for expenses related to preventing 
the spread of COVID-19.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Devon’s capacity to build a workforce with strong 
technical know-how and creative problem-solving 
skills will be a key factor in our long-term success. 
Investing in education can help us achieve both 
our technology leadership goals and our vision for 
diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). We focus our 
social investments on STEM (science, technology, 
engineering and math) education to build STEM 
capabilities in students, with particular focus on  
girls, ethnic minorities and rural communities. These 
groups are a growing part of the workforce, and we’re 
working to increase their representation in STEM fields. 
Technology is transforming our company, from mobile apps  
to improve safety and environmental performance in the field, 
to artificial intelligence programs that optimize drilling, well 
completions and production. People with diverse backgrounds 
and new ways of looking at problems help us develop unique, 
and even patentable, technology solutions. At the same time,  
as racial and social equality gain more prominence in the 
national conversation, Devon is committed to addressing 
inequality wherever it is found. Our investments in local STEM 
education support progress in both of these vital areas.
To direct our philanthropic investments to the most promising 
programs, Devon identifies community needs and solutions by 
partnering with qualified organizations that have a track record 
in STEM. This includes the Oklahoma City STEM Collaborative, 
Oklahoma City Public Schools Foundation and other nonprofit 
partners, as well as teachers and administrators across several 
school districts. Insights from our conversations with stakeholders 
guide us to provide resources and materials and implement 
programs to empower groups that have been underserved  
in the past.
TAKING ACTION
    Responded quickly to local school closures caused by 
the COVID-19 pandemic by holding drive-through 
distributions of more than 10,000 at-home 
resources for STEM learning.
    Impacted 15,000 students, 26 schools and 450+ 
teachers through our STEM investments.
    Stepped up as a lead contributor to Camp Trivera, 
the Girl Scouts of Western Oklahoma’s new urban  
STEM camp. 
    Expanded our Oklahoma FFA Agriscience Fair 
sponsorship to Wyoming.
    Expanded Devon’s Terra Trooper Girl Scout badge 
program to New Mexico.
    Developed STEM camps to incorporate the  
entire family.
STEM
53 
At-home STEM resources 
were a hit with parents and 
kids during the pandemic.
“Our entire curriculum of teaching STEM in our 
elementary schools relies on having contact with 
students in our classrooms and STEM labs. Without 
Devon’s help, these science activity kits for each grade 
level would never have been in our students’ hands.”  
– Artesia Public Schools science consultant
“So much fun! This has made her light up with smiles 
for the first time in weeks!”  
– Parent of a fourth grader
“He’s so excited and happy he and his brother both 
received a snap circuit kit. This gives them the perfect 
opportunity to be creative and still learn about science 
while they’re home through the pandemic.”  
– Parent in Hobbs, New Mexico   
Educating our future workforce
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
United Nations member states adopted 17  
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Education is an integral component of 
sustainable development, providing the 
platform for meaningful employment, 
economic growth and technological 
innovation. Jobs that require a foundation 
in STEM are increasing annually; however, 
many underrepresented populations lack 
access to educational resources in these 
fields of study. Through partnerships with 
local foundations, schools and others, 
Devon seeks to provide early exposure 
to STEM by supplying resources for, and 
integrating experiences into, children’s 
education. In doing so, Devon endeavors 
to align with the United Nations goal to 
ensure inclusive and equitable quality 
education and promote lifelong learning 
opportunities for all.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

54 
STEM continued
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
STEM education model
Devon significantly enhanced our STEM capabilities in 2019 
by convening local and national nonprofits, corporations and 
private foundations to develop a new STEM model. One of 
our partners, the Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation, is a driving force 
in changing how students and families interact with STEM 
resources in schools and communities. 
The Ripken Foundation has transformed outdated school 
rooms into state-of-the-art, bright and engaging STEM 
resource spaces that allow STEM learning to become 
increasingly integrated into children’s education. Teachers 
 are well-trained and receive STEM resources to inspire  
students and increase their understanding of basic circuitry, 
coding, robotics, engineering and more. 
After seeing success with our first STEM model school, Mark 
Twain Elementary School in Oklahoma City, we expanded 
STEM resources in other areas where we operate. When 
schools shut down due to the COVID-19 pandemic in spring 
2020, Devon and our partners took quick action to get 
resources directly to families. Over 10,000 at-home resource 
kits with STEM materials provided by the Ripken Foundation, 
Inspired by Science, Smart Start and Central Oklahoma 
STEM Alliance (COSTEMA) were distributed using drive-
through pickups across our operating areas. In addition, 1,015 
Ripken at-home STEM kits were distributed in Oklahoma City; 
Cuero, Texas; and Carlsbad, Loving, Jal, Eunice and Hobbs, 
New Mexico.
Ripken Stem Grant
Devon is committed to helping inspire young people to pursue an interest in STEM 
subjects by working together with schools and community organizations to enhance 
access to STEM education. Through our signature STEM grant program, Devon 
has made more than $1 million in grants to educators in our U.S. operating areas 
in the past eight years. In the Oklahoma City area, Devon’s investments in STEM 
education have provided more than 88,000 K-12 students better access to educational 
opportunities. In addition, Oklahoma teachers have been able to enhance their 
instructional time with students through more than 30 Devon grant programs.   
Design + Do
We introduced Design + Do in 2018 to give children a hands-on opportunity to have 
fun and build STEM skills while solving problems. Fifth graders come together at the 
University of Oklahoma Tom Love Innovation Hub to design and construct prototype 
parade floats using 3D printers, laser cutters and other materials. They then present 
their creations to a panel of judges. In 2020, Devon employees helped the children 
build one of their float designs for our Oklahoma City Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday 
Parade and walk with our parade group.
Girl Scouts
As a long-time partner of the Girl Scouts of Western Oklahoma, Devon 
stepped up to be a lead contributor to Camp Trivera, an urban STEM 
camp that opened in September 2020. In addition to learning STEM 
skills, campers get opportunities for leadership and learning the Girl 
Scout mission – building girls of courage, confidence and character.
Devon geologists and engineers stepped up, too, developing age-
appropriate STEM activity kits and leader guides to engage girls in 
earth sciences, geology and related topics. At year-end 2020, about 
900 girls had received a Devon Terra Trooper patch for completing 
a STEM activity. The Terra Trooper program started in Oklahoma in 
2014, expanded to southeastern New Mexico in 2020 and will become 
available to Tulsa Girl Scouts.
Southwest Alliance for Girls’ Enrichment (SAGE)
Devon invests in the week-long SAGE camp designed to empower girls 
to think about themselves as future scientists, mathematicians and 
computer specialists. Our partnership offers campers interactive field 
trips exploring various Devon departments where STEM learning has 
led our professionals to rewarding careers.
While the pandemic delayed the planned installation of 14 
STEM centers across Lea and Eddy counties in New Mexico, 
we resumed the plan in 2021 and started working to pilot 
our first middle school STEM center where students from 
the feeder elementary school can continue their STEM 
learning. STEM centers also will be installed in Oklahoma City; 
Douglas, Wyoming; Kingfisher, Oklahoma; and Cuero. In Tulsa, 
Oklahoma, Devon will honor legacy WPX Energy by installing 
a STEM center in every public elementary school over the 
next few years.
STEM programs in 
our operating areas
We seek to support STEM education 
opportunities in the communities  
where our employees live and work. 
Many of the activities we support were 
suspended in 2020 due to the pandemic, 
but we remain committed to these 
organizations and plan to support them 
when they reactivate. 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

FFA Agriscience Fair
Devon partners with the Oklahoma FFA to 
encourage students to consider the ways in 
which the agriculture and oil and gas industries 
intersect. We expanded the program to Wyoming 
in 2020. Across both states, 216 students 
participated in projects related to oil and gas  
in their annual FFA Agriscience Fair in 2021.
Devon Thunder Explorers 
Devon and the NBA’s Oklahoma City Thunder 
offer a program that encourages young people 
to engage in STEM activities that explore the 
science behind basketball. The Thunder’s visibility 
and popularity helps extend the reach of Devon’s 
STEM program, and gives special recognition to 
students who complete science experiments and 
other challenges.
FIRST Robotics
Devon has sponsored the Oklahoma First 
Robotics regional finals since 2017. The six-week 
competition pairs teams of young people from 
across the state with local engineers, professors 
and business professionals to solve engineering 
design problems. FIRST (which stands for “For 
the Inspiration and Recognition of Science and 
Technology”) is a nonprofit founded in 1989 to 
inspire young people to join the field of science 
and technology.
Inspired by Science Camp
In partnership with the Carlsbad Community 
Foundation, Devon hosts a one-week STEM-
focused summer camp for third through fifth 
graders, offering free admission for students 
identified as disadvantaged by school counselors. 
Students are exposed to STEM-related careers, 
and learn how to solve problems and apply 
critical-thinking skills during hands-on activities.
Oklahoma City Dodgers MVP Program 
This program recognizes and rewards outstanding 
students for their achievements in science 
and math in more than 400 classrooms across 
Oklahoma City. Third- and fourth-grade students 
are selected to receive tickets to a game and 
the opportunity to attend the MVP Field Day 
featuring STEM activities. The program is free to 
teachers, who also receive tickets to an Oklahoma 
City Dodgers game where MVPs are honored. 
More than 11,300 students have been impacted by 
the MVP Program co-sponsored with Devon by the 
Triple-A affiliate of MLB’s Los Angeles Dodgers. 
Balloon Explorium 
The Paper Takes Flight event combines the fun 
of hot-air ballooning with an education in the 
science of energy for all fifth-grade students 
enrolled in Artesia Public Schools in New Mexico. 
Students work together to build six-foot balloon 
envelopes from tissue paper that will launch using 
heat energy. This hands-on activity focused on 
engineering, math and thermodynamics expands 
on classroom curriculum in an engaging way.
Jal, New Mexico, School Rocketry Program
In this annual competition, Devon pays for 
students to travel to Houston to present their 
rocket designs to a team from NASA.
COSTEMA
We partnered with the Central Oklahoma STEM 
Alliance for the first time in 2020 to further its 
mission to enhance STEM education. Devon 
supports COSTEMA’s STEM Leadership Academy, 
a virtual event that inspires educators by providing 
professional development opportunities centered 
around their personal leadership, hands-on 
learning and peer engagement. The educators 
explored STEM learning and family engagement, 
with all their STEM learnings culminating in the 
Scissortail Kite Festival.
55 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
of participants in Devon 
STEM programs were 
female
of students impacted by 
Ripken STEM centers in  
New Mexico are Hispanic
of high school seniors who 
participated in FIRST Robotics 
intended to pursue higher 
education
58% 65% 75%
of participants in Devon 
STEM programs were 
minority members49%
STEM continued
STEM programs in our operating areas (continued)
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

We invest in vibrant communities where our 
employees and neighbors have access to vital social 
services and opportunities to enjoy arts and culture. 
As a leading philanthropic contributor to nonprofit 
organizations in our operating communities, Devon’s 
support aligns with our value to make a positive and 
sustainable impact.
Devon’s Give for Good campaign is our primary philanthropic 
event each year. In 2020, we expedited the campaign to 
make funding available to meet significant community needs 
heightened by the pandemic. Employees gave generously 
to our “give if you can, give if you want to” campaign that 
raised over $1.4 million for United Way of Central Oklahoma, 
the Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma, and United Way and 
Blessing in a Backpack in Wyoming. The donations provided 
much-needed resources for children, seniors and families. 
TAKING ACTION
    Expedited our annual Give for Good employee 
giving campaign that raised $1.4 million to help 
our community partners meet intensive needs caused 
by the COVID-19 pandemic.
    Established Inclusion and Equity Grants to 
support effective community programs in 
Oklahoma City and donated to nine organizations 
that are making a difference.
    Committed to honor the Tulsa community’s support 
of legacy WPX Energy with a series of grants 
focused on economic development, education, 
social services and community enrichment.
Philanthropy
56 
Vibrant communities
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
Employees also had the opportunity to respond to the Food 
Bank’s challenge to fill boxes leftover from Christmas with 
non-perishable food items to supplement the pandemic-
related decline in donations during the holiday season.
Arts and culture for all
We’re committed to making our hometown of Oklahoma 
City a lively and appealing place to live, work and play, and 
we recognize that visual and performing arts are vital to 
reaching that goal. Devon supports many local arts and 
culture organizations, including the Oklahoma City Ballet, 
Arts Council of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma City Museum of 
Art, National Cowboy and Western Heritage Museum, and 
Lyric Theater. We also hold an annual fundraising campaign for 
Allied Arts to support more than 40 local arts organizations.
Nature and conservation
Devon is a long-time supporter of The Oklahoma Nature 
Conservancy and its focus on sharing the love of nature 
and conservation throughout the state. We support the 
organization’s ground stewardship activities, such as 
controlled burning for range management, invasive species 
control and scientific research. Our dollars helped stand up 
operations at the newest preserve on the Blue River, Oka’ 
Yanahli, which encompasses 3,600 acres of native prairie  
and two miles of the river.
Each year, Devon participates in National Public Lands Day in 
New Mexico, a project to repair and restore public recreation 
areas. We’ve also partnered with the Wyoming Conservation 
Corps (WCC) for the past 14 years, contributing funding and 
volunteers to improve public lands in the state. 
Honoring Tulsa
To express our appreciation for the Tulsa 
community and its support of legacy WPX Energy, 
Devon is making a series of grants to advance 
initiatives including:
    E conomic development focused on building 
leadership capacity and the future workforce, 
strengthening entrepreneurship and supporting 
minority-owned businesses.
    E ducation, including establishing a Cal Ripken Sr. 
Foundation STEM Center in every Tulsa Public 
Schools elementary school and expanding the 
Devon Terra Trooper STEM patch to Girl Scouts  
in Tulsa.
    S ocial services to support senior citizens, youth 
and the overall health of the community.
    A rts and cultural organizations, including the 
Gilcrease Museum, First American Museum, 
Gathering Place and the Black Wall Street Chamber.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Inclusion and Equity Grants
Listening to our stakeholders helps Devon 
understand needs in the community and invest in 
programs that make a real difference in people’s 
lives. Our ongoing conversations about social 
and racial justice issues inspired us to expand our 
social investments beyond our established focus 
areas in Oklahoma City. With the help of Devon’s 
employee-led DEI Team, we identified existing 
programs we hadn’t supported before. We awarded 
our first Devon Inclusion and Equity Grants totaling 
$100,000 to nine organizations having a positive 
impact in the community. Our intent is to cultivate 
new partnerships like this annually and to be 
accountable for helping them achieve their missions.
Beta Eta Lambda Foundation ($5,000) for the 2020-
21 Alpha Boys Institute program aimed at preventing 
school dropouts and crime. Sixth-grade students receive 
mentoring services including conflict resolution, life skills 
and financial management. Seventh graders participate 
in robotics programming and eighth-grade students learn 
entrepreneurship. Additionally, participants receive a weekly 
food distribution. 
Foundation for OKC Public Schools (OKCPS) ($25,000) 
for financial and academic support for paraprofessionals 
of color already working in OKCPS to finish college 
and earn their teaching certification, without any 
debt. Upon successful completion of the program, the 
paraprofessionals are committed to serve as full-time 
teachers in OKCPS for three years.
Hope for Generations ($5,000) for a new program 
designed to support single mothers in the Lyrewood 
community with meals, supplies for engagement activities 
and local speakers.
57 
Philanthropy continued
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
Shiloh Camps ($10,000) to help support its summer 
programming for teens, including high adventure activities, 
character-building activities and a safe place to foster positive, 
healthy relationships. 
Stronger Together Movement ($5,000) to launch a 
membership drive to further engage the Oklahoma City 
community in Stronger Together’s mission to further racial 
equity education across the metro area.
Urban League ($6,500) to support the social justice program, 
part of the Urban League’s efforts to promote equality and 
equity for African Americans.
Mary Melon 
President/CEO 
Foundation for OKC Public Schools
“The ongoing support that  
Devon provides for our Bilingual 
and Diversity Teacher Pipeline 
Program is helping change our 
teacher workforce.”
Nappy Roots Books ($10,000) for its Sankofa Summer 
Academy which serves 50 students with a focus on 
growing and nurturing leaders in the northeast community. 
OKC Black Eats ($8,500) to fund the Black Eats Freedge, 
a free community refrigerator. OKC Black Eats collects 
food from local grocery stores and eateries and provides 
them for free to the northeast community. Devon’s grant 
also supports OKC Black Eats’ Urban Plan to Community 
Building workshops focused on revitalizing economically 
depressed neighborhoods by attracting retail, residential 
and business spaces. 
Restore OKC ($25,000) to assist with funding The Market 
at EastPoint, a community-led grocery store in northeast 
Oklahoma City. Much of the produce will be provided by 
Restore Farms, an urban agricultural project led by high 
school students. Restore OKC will pay a third party to 
manage the store, but all the jobs inside the store will be 
from Restore Jobs, which provides jobs to single mothers. 
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

TAKING ACTION
    Provided resources to help employees volunteer 
from home or the office while in-person 
opportunities were on hold during the COVID-19 
pandemic. 
Volunteerism 
58 
Giving back
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
Employees have contributed more than 
$365,000 to about 180 coworkers experiencing 
severe unanticipated financial needs.
$365,000
The Holidays at Devon
The pandemic didn’t dampen the holiday spirit or 
the Devon tradition of giving. Employees in all of 
our operating areas found ways to give back by 
distributing food boxes, granting foster children’s 
gift wishes, delivering holiday craft boxes for 
elementary students and other activities. We 
partnered with the Oklahoma City Thunder, 
local food banks, United Way agencies and other 
organizations to share the holiday spirit.
Devon volunteers are an asset to their communities, 
amplifying the company’s support for children, 
families, education and the arts. We encourage 
and support our employee volunteers with ongoing 
communication and resources. In 2020, this meant 
promoting activities our employees and their 
families could do from home or the office. In some 
cases, we connected them to activities organized 
by our partners like the Oklahoma City Chamber of 
Commerce, Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma and 
the Oklahoma City Thunder.
For example, Devon provided contact information so 
employees could send notes of appreciation to emergency 
responders and United Way agency workers on the front lines, 
and correspond with people quarantined in senior centers in 
our operating areas. Employees made protective face masks 
and donated them to benefit Oklahoma City’s homeless 
population and the United Way in New Mexico. The Virtual 
Mystery Reader Program at Mark Twain Elementary School, 
our long-term partner in Oklahoma City, gave employees an 
easy way to engage students who were learning remotely.
The Devon Energy Charitable Foundation gives employees 
a chance to help coworkers who encounter unexpected 
hardships or damages. Since we established the foundation 
in 2001, employees have contributed more than $365,00 to 
about 180 coworkers experiencing severe and unanticipated 
financial needs.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Devon incorporates human rights into our business 
decisions, continually evaluating how we might keep 
ourselves and others aware of the key issues. We 
engage with our stakeholders, vendors and suppliers 
to continue to improve our approach.
All people are created equal
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, proclaimed by 
the United Nations General Assembly in 1948, recognizes 
the inherent dignity and the equal and inalienable rights 
of all members of the human family. Human rights are the 
foundation of freedom, justice and peace in the world, and 
Devon is committed to this philosophy. Our core values 
embrace social progress and economic growth, consistent 
with the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights 
endorsed by the U.N. Human Rights Council in 2011.
We’re also guided by the principles articulated in the 
Declaration of Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work 
adopted by the International Labor Organization in 1998. 
These principles include prohibition of child labor, forced  
labor and discrimination in the workplace.
Devon participates in the lives of the communities where we 
live and operate, and we actively engage with our neighbors 
to understand the environmental and human impacts of our 
operations. When assessing and addressing these impacts,  
we consult with those who may be affected.
Human Rights
59 
Dignity and equal rights
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Social        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon’s Human 
Rights Statement

The Workforce section of our 2021 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 61
O
ur Culture
 6
2
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
 6
4
Employee Wellness
 6
7
Workforce
Bringing our best every day
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Resource Links:      
      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
      
 M
ission Statement, Vision Statement  
and Core Values
      Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Vision
60 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Governance

UNITING CULTURES
    Introduced blended values following our  
merger to guide us in becoming a cohesive and  
high-performing Devon.
COMMUNITY OUTREACH
    Funded nine community programs in Oklahoma 
City through our new Inclusion and Equity Grants.
COVID-19 RESPONSE
    Supported employees with flexible working 
arrangements, responsive wellness programs  
and frequent communications during the  
COVID-19 pandemic.
    Shifted to virtual delivery for all physical,  
mental and financial wellness programming.
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
    Continued our focus on equity in our pay structure 
and workforce composition.
    Worked to deepen our understanding of social and 
racial inequality through intentional conversations 
and listening as steps toward improving our 
community and company.
Overview
61 
Our corporate culture is based on integrity and supportive relationships, 
giving our people the courage to take intelligent risks with a shared 
desire to achieve great results. We want to be a caring and connected 
company where employees feel that they’re heard, seen and valued, 
and have opportunities to contribute and grow. 
Devon supports individual, team and company progress with family-
friendly workplace practices, wellness programs and opportunities to 
make and be accountable for decisions. We communicate proactively 
with employees about our goals and performance. We do not accept 
the status quo of social and racial inequality, and we’re working to 
cultivate inclusive, diverse, equitable and respectful communities 
inside and outside our company.
Advancing pay equity and workforce composition
To build the workforce we need, we must offer equitable 
pay and opportunities across the company. We’re 
measuring our performance and always looking for ways 
to further align our practices with our aspirations. 
     P eer employee pay equity 
The salaries of female and minority employees 
are, on average, positioned equivalently (+/-2% to 
accommodate workforce changes throughout the 
year) within the applicable job pay range as males  
and non-minorities.
    E mployee base pay compensation 
100% of employees make more than $19/hour  
and receive an annual performance bonus and 
long-term incentives.
    F emale and minority leadership representation 
While female leadership representation remained 
steady over the last two years, minorities in 
corporate leadership increased from 10% to 11% 
and minorities in field leadership increased from 
16% to 19%.
    H iring minority talent 
Over the last two years, Devon has hired minority 
employees at a rate of 11% compared to a 7% rate  
for non-minority employees.
Devon strives to produce the oil and gas the world needs in a safe, ethical 
and environmentally responsible way, all while meeting high expectations 
for operational and financial performance. In the face of daunting challenges 
in 2020, our employees proved resilient and determined in continuing to 
improve our company’s performance.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action  
plan for organizations seeking to provide  
affordable energy, produced responsibly to  
protect the environment, while also promoting  
peace and prosperity for all people. In this report,  
we have identified a wide variety of Devon’s  
business activities that align with the U.N. SDGs.  
Here in the workforce section, look for:
Gender Equality 
page 66
Good Health and Well-being 
page 67
Workforce Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
2018 2019 2020
Headcount (total company) 2,727 2,352 2,022
Minorities and Women as a Percentage of Workforce 1
Minorities 18% 19% 21%
Women 29% 28% 27%
Minorities and Women as a Percentage of Leadership
Minorities 12% 11% 13%
Women 20% 20% 20%
Years of Service
Less than 5 years (percent of headcount) 42% 35% 33%
5-9 years 30% 37% 41%
10-14 years 17% 17% 14%
15-19 years 6% 6% 7%
20-24 years 2% 3% 3%
25+ years 3% 2% 2%
Median Age 40 40 40
Attrition Rate 9% 7% 3%
1 As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commision
Taking Action
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
EXCEL DOWNLOAD

of employees surveyed said 
the feedback was helpful96%
To create an environment where our employees 
give their best effort every day, we’re guided by 
principles of fairness, opportunity and the chance 
for every employee to fully participate and be heard. 
We value diversity of thought in our workplace, and 
we seek to include and learn from each other as we 
share our successes and setbacks. 
Motivated by the Devon culture, our employees worked on 
demanding business, operational and ESG priorities in 2020. 
While demonstrating resilience in managing through the 
pandemic and related economic crisis, they set the stage to 
begin integrating two legacy companies when our merger of 
equals closed in January 2021.
Devon recognized that uniting in a shared culture is crucial  
to successfully integrating our people, processes, practices 
and systems. So we began a process to define a culture that 
blends essential elements from both legacy companies. The 
process included a survey of all employees, executive 
interviews, focus groups with vice presidents, and culture 
conversations with the executive committee and vice presidents.
The resulting blended values – integrity, relationships, courage 
and results – naturally build on each other to guide us in our 
work. We believe these values will enable us to become a 
cohesive company, making a positive and sustainable impact.
High-performing team
We value employees who are open and honest, take 
ownership and individual initiative, and contribute to our 
company objectives. Our effort to cultivate a workforce 
with these qualities starts with offering equal opportunity 
in all aspects of employment and providing competitive 
compensation and benefits. To encourage a sharp focus on 
results, Devon gives every employee an equity stake in our 
business through annual stock awards. 
Devon offers wellness programs that encourage physical, 
mental and financial well-being. Our employee-friendly 
practices include flexible work schedules, part-time work, 
Our Culture
62 
telecommuting and parental paid leave. We modified our 
work practices at the outset of the pandemic and continue to 
make adjustments that help employees fulfill work and family 
responsibilities. Devon senior leaders ultimately believe that 
relationships lead to results, and both are largely driven by 
in-person interactions. We continue to monitor our practices 
and will make adjustments as needed to achieve our business 
objectives and accommodate employee needs.
Blending values to achieve our shared mission
TAKING ACTION
    Defined and introduced blended values – integrity, 
relationships, courage and results – to guide us in 
becoming a cohesive and high-performing Devon.
    Supported employees with flexible working 
arrangements, responsive wellness programs 
and frequent communications to meet their needs 
during the COVID-19 pandemic.
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Devon’s values
Relationships
We are caring, connected and 
supportive of our employees 
and stakeholders and succeed 
as one team.
Integrity
Openness and honesty 
unite us and are at the core 
of everything we do.
Courage
We take intelligent  
risks and share our 
successes and failures to 
continuously improve.
Results
We always seek to 
achieve better results 
and make a positive and 
sustainable impact.
The newly blended values naturally build on one another to achieve results.
of employees surveyed said they 
received just the right amount of 
feedback from their leader88%
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Proactive communications
Devon has executed a strategy in recent years to become a 
leading, returns-driven U.S. energy producer with a strong 
commitment to improving ESG performance. Our progress 
continued in 2021 when we welcomed legacy WPX employees, 
intentionally building blended teams to embed the most 
effective approaches throughout our business. 
With streamlined processes and a flatter organizational 
structure, Devon employees are empowered to take 
intelligent risks, make informed decisions and be accountable 
for their results. To accelerate learning, we’ve shifted our 
focus from structured training to experiential learning 
opportunities. Performance management occurs through 
frequent conversations focused on alignment, growth and 
development, so employees know what they need to do to 
make an impact every day.
We set clear goals for financial, operational and ESG 
improvement, and our leaders communicate at the enterprise, 
business unit, team and individual levels to inform everyone  
at Devon what we’re planning and how we’re doing. Our 
leaders encourage frequent conversations to create clarity, 
context and accountability, as well as to listen and be 
responsive to employees. 
In addition to internal communications channels, topical 
surveys help us stay in touch with our employees. These 
short, focused surveys give us quick results on timely issues, 
and in 2020 helped us gauge employees’ experiences during 
the pandemic and collect input on their needs. We also 
conducted a companywide organizational health index survey 
in 2020 to examine the cultures of each legacy company, 
identify potential differences and understand what employees 
would value most as Devon moves forward. We’ll continue 
to use surveys, focus groups and conversations to gather 
employee feedback in a structured way.
Relationships built on trust are central to the Devon culture 
and our ability to deliver results. 
We communicate proactively , 
listen carefully and seek diverse 
opinions that challenge our 
thinking.  
In 2021, we’re focused on integrating our legacy 
organizations, improving team and company performance, 
adapting to changing market conditions with agility and 
delivering on our commitments to stakeholders.
Our Culture  continued
63 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Workplace practices  
at a glance
Flexible workplace enables people to work from 
home one or two days per week if they need or 
want to, based on the type of work they do, and 
their need for team collaboration and integration.
Alternate work schedule (or 9/80) allows flexible 
work schedules for eligible employees, where 
possible, to balance work, personal business and 
personal activities. 
Paid parental leave is available for new parents, 
offering up to two weeks of leave for the care of, 
and bonding with, a biological, adopted or foster 
child. In addition, leave for the birth of a child is 
paid for up to eight weeks. 
Military leave is available to deployed employee 
military service members. They receive full salary 
for three months and differential pay above the 
military standard for an additional nine months. 
Devon service members and their families 
enrolled in the health care plan will also remain 
covered for 12 months. 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) provides 
support for employees and their family members 
free of charge. The EAP offers confidential 
assistance for challenges that could affect health, 
relationships and/or job effectiveness. Access 
to experienced counselors, financial experts, staff 
attorneys, elder-care consultants and concierge 
services is included in EAP services available 365 
days a year, 24 hours a day. 
Using a new model for performance management is helping to drive 
better communication at every level of the company.

Innovation, creative problem-solving and positive 
change happen when people step out of their comfort 
zone and think differently. To break barriers to achieving 
business results, it’s part of our culture to value 
differences, include others and courageously address 
inequity wherever it exists. We cultivate an inclusive, 
diverse, equitable and respectful workplace, and 
engage with our communities to understand how 
Devon can make a difference beyond our workplace.
Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) vision is: Every person 
contributing to their fullest and making a positive impact every 
day. To make this a reality, we have active participation from 
our senior leaders, committed volunteer inclusion and diversity 
(I&D) leaders and allies, and I&D programming. 
    The DEI Leadership Team of senior leaders champions 
strategies to achieve our vision and supports others by 
coaching, motivating, breaking down barriers and listening.
    The volunteer DEI Team strives to proactively increase 
awareness, identify challenges and find innovative ways  
to achieve our DEI vision and strategy. 
    Our Human Resources team guides and advises the  
DEI Team with strategic support, tools and resources  
for success.
64 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
TAKING ACTION
    Committed to courageously address inequity 
wherever it exists and provide all employees 
the opportunity to contribute and grow.
    Ongoing efforts to understand social  
and racial inequality, and enhance the work life 
experience, as steps toward improving our 
community and our company.  
    Developing actionable plans to address 
common themes from these efforts: 
education, internal and external commitment, 
and measurement and accountability.
    Funded 11 community programs in Oklahoma 
City, including nine with new partners, through 
our new Inclusion and Equity Grants.
    Continued sponsoring women’s 
professional groups that offer professional 
development, leadership roles and networking  
for Devon employees.
V aluing differences
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Diversity
We believe it is foundational to 
Devon’s success that our team 
includes people with a variety 
of backgrounds, perspectives, 
experiences and abilities.
Equity
We believe fairness is at the 
core of our culture, policies 
and practices, and strive for all 
employees to have equal access 
to opportunities.
Inclusion
We believe in relationships 
and will ensure all employees 
feel seen, valued, heard and 
connected.
What DEI means at Devon
President and CEO Rick Muncrief participates in a DEI Team quarterly meeting and 
discusses his personal journey, belief system and echoes the importance of advancing 
diversity, inclusion and equity at Devon.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Promoting equality and equity
We started 2020 by sponsoring and marching in the 
Oklahoma City Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday Parade for the 
second year. The DEI Team brought forward the parade idea 
and we see it being embraced as a tradition at Devon. Fifth-
graders involved in our Design + Do science, technology, 
engineering and math (STEM) program joined our parade  
team in a float the students designed and built with help  
from Devon volunteers. 
As our nation was jolted in 2020 by racial strife, Devon took 
a fresh and critical look at our DEI efforts. We recognized the 
status quo was not acceptable and devoted more time and 
attention to listening and to learning about race and how 
Devon can take positive action.
We’ve been having sometimes-difficult conversations about 
inequality, inside and outside the office. In 2020, we invited 
the Rev. Clarence Hill Jr., founder of the Stronger Together 
Movement, to share his Dream Clock process for building 
understanding among communities. Hill joined us again in 
February 2021 to lead a discussion about Dr. King’s “Letter 
from a Birmingham Jail” on opposing inequality. 
The DEI Team suggested changes to some processes, data 
and transparency to address opportunities at Devon. Their 
suggestions highlighted how our talent practices, along 
with eliminating layers of management, impact career 
development. We’re evaluating policies and processes we can 
implement to increase opportunities to contribute and grow 
within our company.
 
The common themes that emerged from our exploration 
of social and racial justice were the need for bias training, 
internal and external demonstrations of commitment, and 
measurement and accountability. We’re creating actionable 
plans to address these themes, such as updated bias training 
for leaders and employees, and looking for additional education 
opportunities to help us keep learning and growing.
Looking outward
Devon has a long history of social investments in underserved 
communities, with a focus on boosting STEM education. In 
2020, after evaluating how our investments could have more 
impact, we worked with the DEI Team to create an Inclusion 
and Equity Grants program.
The team solicited funding requests and made 11 grants 
ranging from $5,000 to $25,000 to nine Black community 
organizations in Oklahoma City. We set out to find new 
community partners with existing programs and met our goal, 
partnering with nine organizations for the first time. We also 
assisted one of our long-time partners, Oklahoma City Public 
Schools (OKCPS), by supporting its life-changing program to 
give its paraprofessional employees a chance to go to college 
debt-free. Upon successful completion, the participants are 
committed to serve as teachers in OKCPS for three years.
We’re excited that our investments are helping to strengthen 
ongoing programs for dropout prevention, growing and 
nurturing young leaders, combatting hunger, community 
development and social and racial justice. 
We’re continuing our work to understand social and racial 
issues in our company and the communities where we live 
and work. We don’t expect it to be easy, but it’s a very real 
opportunity for us to live our values of integrity, relationships, 
courage and results.
65 
Engage, develop and empower 
diverse talent through strategies 
that combat unconscious bias.
Increase the belief that top-
tier performance is driven by 
recognizing and appreciating 
each individual’s inherent value.
Demonstrate our commitment 
to diversity, equity and inclusion 
proactively and consistently 
to our internal and external 
stakeholders.
Hold ourselves accountable to 
cultivating inclusive behaviors.
   Beta Eta Lambda Foundation
   Foundation for Oklahoma City Public Schools
   Hope for Generations
2021 Inclusion and Equity Grant Recipients
   Shiloh Camps
   Stronger Together Movement
   Urban League
   Nappy Roots Books
   OKC Black Eats
    Restore OKC
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  continued
We have a multi-year focus 
to advance diversity, equity 
and inclusion at Devon.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
READ MOE ON PAGE 57

Supporting women in our workforce
For Devon to maintain our stakeholders’ trust by delivering 
strong operational, financial and ESG results, we need 
dedicated employees. Our values, workplace practices, 
wellness programs, benefits and compensation are aimed  
at helping employees manage their personal life and care  
for their families so they can focus at work. We’ve also made 
progress with gender pay equity and promotional equity.
Yet even with these efforts, the percentage of women in 
the Devon workforce has declined slightly, primarily due to 
reductions in our employee count and curtailed hiring. Given 
our strong commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion, we 
remain focused on being a company where women want to 
build their careers. 
Women at Devon take advantage of development 
opportunities through industry networking, professional 
development, volunteering and leadership roles. Devon 
employees represent 10% of the 2021 membership of  
the Women’s Energy Network of Greater Oklahoma  
(WEN OK), an organization dedicated to empowering women 
in the energy industry. Three of six presidents of the WEN OK 
chapter have been Devon employees, including the current 
president. In 2021, a Devon executive serves on the Advisory 
Council, with 31 employees participating in the formal 
mentoring program. Devon is a founding and ongoing sponsor 
of WEN OK and pays employee memberships as part of our 
commitment to professional development.
Attracting and retaining women for technology jobs is 
important as development and deployment of technology 
increases across Devon. In 2020, we continued our support 
for Oklahoma Women in Tech (OKWIT) and its mission to 
better promote women in tech across Oklahoma, as well as 
to encourage young women to continue their interest and 
studies in STEM fields. Two Devon employees filled OKWIT 
volunteer leadership positions in 2020 and one in 2021.
Our sponsorship helps provide monthly networking/
professional development events, speaker luncheons, two 
yearly retreats and 40 Devon employee memberships. It also 
funds a scholarship for a student seeking a STEM degree and 
planning to give back to the community. 
66 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  continued
We have an active OKWIT presence. Eight Devon employees 
volunteered for OKWIT’s fall retreat in 2020, including the 
event coordinator, a speaker and two speed networking 
participants. The first-ever virtual retreat was attended 
by teachers and about 200 students from schools across 
Oklahoma, many who said they were inspired and invigorated 
by the programming and speakers. 
Devon employees who volunteer for organizations like WEN 
OK and OKWIT bring new skills, industry connections and 
a broader perspective to our workplace. We believe their 
participation will lead to greater awareness of opportunities 
for women in our industry and our company.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
In an industry where the majority of 
workers traditionally have been male, 
Devon is taking steps to increase 
women’s participation in the workforce 
and to promote equal opportunities for 
leadership. As Devon looks to the future, 
facilitating STEM education and training 
for women broadens the company’s access 
to talent and encourages incorporation of 
diverse perspectives. Devon was nationally 
recognized at the highest leadership level 
by 2020 Women on Boards for having 
at least 20% of the company’s board of 
director seats filled by women (27%).
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
3 of 6
Women’s Energy Network of Greater Oklahoma 
chapter presidents have been Devon employees, 
including the current president.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon WEN members attend the Greater Oklahoma Chapter’s 5th anniversary 
celebration in Oklahoma City.

United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
We aim to deliver tools and resources that 
support our employees’ pursuit of healthy 
lives, stability and well-being. Devon 
takes a holistic approach to employee 
wellness, promoting physical, mental 
and financial health. The Doc, a medical 
clinic we established near our corporate 
headquarters in Oklahoma City, allows 
employees and their families to get a high 
standard of care and personal attention 
with short wait times. Devon’s financial 
wellness program provides confidential 
and unbiased financial guidance and a wide 
range of resources at no cost to employees.
TAKING ACTION
    Shifted all wellness programming to  
virtual delivery in response to the pandemic,  
resulting in increased engagement from  
employees in the field.
    Offered programming and services to 
address specific needs of parents during  
the pandemic, including presentations guided 
by a mental health professional and an online  
support community.
    Extended our virtual offerings through  
year-end 2021 to continue meeting  
employees’ needs.
    Facilitated COVID-19 vaccinations for  
field employees and hosted a vaccination  
clinic at our headquarters for employees  
and their families.
    Experienced good engagement in wellness 
programs with 75% of employees earning the 
maximum employer health savings account 
(HSA) contribution.
Devon truly believes in supporting the well-being 
of our employees. We recognize that they may 
be caregivers for children or aging parents, have 
financial issues that cause anxiety or struggle to 
manage competing priorities. At the same time, 
we need our employees to deliver results and 
continuously improve our environmental, social 
and governance performance. We consider these 
expectations when developing programs that can 
meaningfully improve our employees’ physical, 
mental and financial well-being. 
Since establishing our wellness program in 2012, Devon has 
focused on prevention, convenient tools and high-quality 
programs. Over the years, our emphasis on wellness has 
contributed to strong productivity and engagement, low 
absenteeism and high retention rates. Combined with our 
generous health care benefits, wellness programs have  
helped keep Devon’s medical insurance premium costs flat  
or below national rates of increase for six years, excluding 
large one-time claims. 
Feedback is a key indicator of the effectiveness of our 
wellness programs. Devon employees tell us that our offerings 
have enabled them to improve their health and make healthy 
lifestyle changes. This is why we’ve maintained the most 
effective core programs, even while cutting costs across 
Devon in recent years.
Support in difficult times
The COVID-19 pandemic was a stark reminder that employees 
need to be supported through difficult times and it’s 
important to find avenues to assist them. Devon shifted all 
of our wellness programming to virtual delivery, such as our 
quarterly education series highlighting the importance of 
sleep, the benefits of exercise, gut health and strategies to 
maintain mental health. We encouraged virtual counseling 
sessions available through our Employee Assistance Program 
(EAP) and engaged a licensed clinical social worker at our 
clinic near Devon headquarters in downtown Oklahoma City. 
To help employees reduce stress, Devon offered two months 
of free access to a third-party platform that provides guided 
mindful meditation, with the option to create a personal 
account after the trial period.
Due to COVID-19-related restrictions in our corporate fitness 
center, in March 2020 we started offering virtual group 
exercise classes taught by the center’s instructors, later 
expanding to 600 classes available on a third-party platform. 
The fitness classes, and all other virtual programming, remain 
available to employees until year-end 2021. Our wellness focus 
areas in the first half of 2021 were resilience and brain health.
67 
Employee Wellness
Physical, mental and financial well-being
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Encouraging prevention
We encourage and incentivize employees to be proactive 
about their health care. Devon covers the cost of annual 
physical exams, annual vision screenings, two annual dental 
exams, colonoscopies, mammograms, prostate exams 
and well-woman exams. For convenience, we offer onsite 
mammography twice each year at our Oklahoma City 
headquarters. Employee participation in preventive cancer 
screenings has exceeded national benchmarks in some 
categories in recent years.
Due to the pandemic, a slightly lower percentage of 
employees received an annual physical exam in 2020 from 
their personal physician or at the Doc, the medical clinic we 
established near our corporate headquarters. Employees and 
their families can get a high standard of care and personal 
attention at the Doc with short wait times. We also held 
annual physical exam events at two field offices, where 
employees completed 54 physical exams in 2020.
We support employees who want to make healthy lifestyle 
changes to prevent chronic illnesses and health problems. The 
high-quality, no-cost offerings include programs for diabetes 
support, a pre-diabetes version for field employees and 
tobacco cessation. Eligible employees also can take part in 
Drop at the Doc, a 22-week physician-led weight-loss program.
Employees who take advantage of our wellness programs 
can earn points for activities like getting a physical exam 
or completing a financial wellness series. By accumulating 
1,000 points in a year, employees can receive up to $2,500 in 
contributions to their HSA. About 75% of employees earned 
at least 1,000 points in 2020, down from 82% in 2019.
Financial insights
Concerns about personal finances, from managing debt to 
saving for retirement, can affect an employee’s sense of  
well-being. Devon’s financial wellness program offers 
confidential and unbiased financial guidance and resources 
such as third-party financial assessments and web-based 
workshops at no cost to employees. We started delivering  
all of these resources virtually in 2020 and increased the 
number of webinars. Having access to virtual one-on-one 
financial consultations with experts led to 111 employees 
taking advantage of this offering in 2020.
Our financial well-being content in 2021 kicked off with a  
six-part series led by a third party to help employees re-set 
their financial and retirement planning after the pandemic.
By keeping employees informed about the importance of 
retirement savings, Devon has reached the top of our industry 
for 401(k) retirement contributions and the percentage of 
paycheck contributions.
We’re committed to giving Devon employees tools and 
strategies to help them live healthier, more satisfying and 
financially secure lives. We believe healthy, happy employees 
are more likely to come to work ready to give Devon their 
best effort.
68 
Employee Wellness continued
of employees 
participating in 
401K99.6%
of paycheck  
contributed 
to 401K6.5%
Average HSA 
balance (as of 6/30/21)
$7, 9 9 5
Devon wellness resources
    F ocused quarterly education on a wide range 
of physical and mental health topics, delivered 
virtually in 2020
    T hriving Minds emotional well-being content 
available on the Devon intranet
    O nsite medical clinic in Oklahoma City for 
employees and their families, and at two  
field offices
    O nsite fitness center with free classes for 
employees, delivered virtually in 2020
    C overage for the costs of annual physical 
exams and preventive exams and screenings
    H igh-quality, no-cost programs to help 
prevent chronic illnesses and health problems
    P oints system for participating in certain  
wellness activities, with the potential for 
employees to earn a contribution to their HSA
    F inancial wellness webinars held 
approximately monthly
    Q uarterly opportunity to meet one-on-one  
with a third-party financial advisor, delivered 
virtually in 2020
    O ngoing financial planning education  
opportunities
   Employee Assistance Program 
Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

69 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting      
Performance Metrics
1  T he environment metrics have been calculated using the best available data at the 
time of publication. Historical metrics are subject to change as we continuously seek to 
improve our data management practices, data sources, and calculation methodologies 
in order to provide the highest level of transparency, consistency and accuracy. We 
report environment metrics on an operated basis, unless otherwise noted. 
2  W e include all reportable emissions under EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
(GHGRP) for Devon operated facilities, as well as non-reportable emissions from 
our production assets and, beginning in reporting year 2019, gathering and boosting 
assets. We calculate emission intensities using gross production as reported under the 
EPA GHGRP for all reporting segments.
3  W e calculate our reported emissions using EPA fuel and electricity emissions factors.
4    We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products (Scope 3) on an equity 
basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon. To estimate our Scope 3 
emissions, we rely upon IPIECA’s 2016 guidance document Estimating Petroleum 
Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Per the IPIECA guidance, 
we report category 11 “Use of Sold Products” by calculating combustion emissions for 
our oil, natural gas and marketed natural gas liquids products using emission factors 
obtained from the EPA and net equity production reported in Devon’s 2020 Annual 
Report on Form 10-K.
5  Performance is limited to legacy Devon performance only using net equity production 
reported in Devon’s 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
6  Our methane emissions intensity rate calculation includes all natural gas produced at 
Devon operated facilities and all methane emissions from Devon operated facilities 
associated with the production of oil and natural gas.  
Click here to see Devon’s calculation methodology for methane emissions intensity. 
Click here to see AECOM verification of calculation methodology
7  O ur flaring intensity rate calculation includes high-pressure flared volumes associated 
with the production of oil and natural gas.
8  O ur water usage includes all water sources used in completions activities at facilities 
operated by Devon in 2020.
9  R eportable spill events and volumes exclude a well-control event that occurred in 2019.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Environment Performance Metrics1
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
2018 2019 2020
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1)(million tonnes CO 2e)2 4.72 4.65 3.91
By Constituent
Carbon Dioxide (million tonnes CO2e) 3.65 3.66 3.39
Methane (million tonnes CO2e) 1.07 0.99 0.52
Nitrous Oxide (million tonnes CO2e) 0.003 0.003 0.002
By Source
Flaring/Venting (million tonnes CO2e) 3.14 2.61 1.92
Combustion (million tonnes CO2e) 1.37 1.84 1.95
Other (million tonnes CO2e) 0.21 0.19 0.04
Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use (Scope 2) (million tonnes CO2e) 3 0.33 0.27 0.32
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) (million tonnes CO 2e) 2,3 5.05 4.91 4.23
Direct GHG Emissions Intensity (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 20.19 17.22 14.61
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions Intensity (Scope 1 and 2) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 21.60 18.20 15.81
Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products (Scope 3) (million tonnes CO2e) 4, 5 43 48 49
We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products on an equity basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon; however, it is important to note  
that Scope 3 emissions estimates are subject to uncertainty, inconsistency, and duplication as further described in the Air Emissions section of this report. In 2020,  
legacy Devon’s estimated Scope 3 emissions increased, driven by an increase in net equity production. 
Methane Emissions Intensity (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 4.58 3.65 1.94
Methane Emissions Intensity - Production Segment  (Scope 1) (% of natural gas produced) 6 0.36% 0.31% 0.19%
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced) 7 2.13% 2.21% 1.48 %
Energy Used - Fuel and Electricity Use (trillion BTU) 3 28.98 32.87 31.36
Water Usage (million Bbl) 8 136.2 138.5 98.5
Recycled (million Bbl) 22.0 33.8 37. 2
Sourced (million Bbl) 114.2 104.7 61.3
Water Usage Intensity (Bbl/Boe produced) 8 0.57 0.50 0.33
Water Usage Intensity (million Bbl/well completion) 8 0.25 0.25 0.29
Devon’s total water use for completions activities varies with activity levels, targeted formations and lateral lengths, and includes fresh, non-fresh  
and recycled water volumes. We seek alternatives to fresh water supplies, where possible.
Reportable Spill Events Released to the Environment (events) 9 377 336 246
Reportable Spill Volumes Released to the Environment (barrels) 9 6,441 4,505 4,042
 
Reduction in methane 
emissions intensity in 
2020 compared to 2019.
Reduction in flared 
volume intensity in 2020 
compared to 2019.
Reduction in Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions intensity in 
2020 compared to 2019.
47%
33%
13%
EXCEL DOWNLOAD

Social Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
2018 2019 2020
Social Investments (millions) $8.3 $7.8 $5.3
Workforce Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
2018 2019 2020
Headcount (total company) 2,727 2,352 2,022
Minorites and Women as a Percentage of Workforce 1
Minorities 18% 19% 21%
Women 29% 28% 27%
Minorities and Women as a Percentage of Leadership
Minorities 12% 11% 13%
Women 20% 20% 20%
Years of Service
Less than 5 years (percent of headcount) 42% 35% 33%
5-9 years 30% 37% 41%
10-14 years 17% 17% 14%
15-19 years 6% 6% 7%
20-24 years 2% 3% 3%
25+ years 3% 2% 2%
Median Age 40 40 40
Attrition Rate 9% 7% 3%
1w As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commision
Safety Performance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
20181 2019 2020
Fatalities (Employee and contractor workforce) 0 1 2
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)  (Employee + Contractor) 0.53 0.49 0.43
TRIR - Employee 0.41 0.53 0.36
TRIR - Contractor 0.55 0.49 0.44
Serious Incident and Fatality (SIF) Recordable Rate (Employee + Contractor) 0.06 0.10 0.11
Days Away Restricted Transfer (DART) Incident Rate  (Employee + Contractor) 0.26 0.24 0.20
DART Incident Rate - Employee 0.12 0.28 0.24
DART Incident Rate - Contractor 0.28 0.23 0.19
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR)  (Employee + Contractor) 0.12 0.15 0.12
LTIR - Employee 0.12 0.28 0.16
LTIR - Contractor 0.12 0.13 0.11
Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (per million miles) 1.00 1.50 1.20
Employee Hours (million) 4.9 5.7 5.0
Contractor Hours (million) 24.7 35.7 24.8
1 Performance in 2018 is limited to legacy Devon only.
Governance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
2018 2019 2020
Independent Board Members 1 80% 91% 81%
Currently, 8 of our 11 board members (73%) qualify as independent under NYSE standards and 
SEC regulations.
Women Board Members1 20% 27% 27%
Currently three women (27%) serve on our board of directors, including the chairs of Devon’s 
Audit and Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committees.
Contributions - Trades and Political2 (thousands) $494 $2,144 $2,234
In 2019, we began disclosing non-deductible trade association dues.
Lobbying - Federal and State2 (thousands) $905 $1,178 $743
Devon’s lobbying and political activity is disclosed via public agencies, as well as through the 
company’s Political Activity and Lobbying Report available on our website.
1 Reflects legacy Devon board composition following the annual election of directors each June.
2 Legacy Devon only.
70 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
Performance Metrics  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Reduction in our Lost Time 
Incident Rate (LTIR) in 2020 
compared to 2019.
in social investments
Reduction in our Total 
Recordable Incident Rate 
(TRIR) for employees 
and contractors in 2020 
compared to 2019.
19%
5.3
13%
million$
EXCEL DOWNLOAD

71 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
Reporting Frameworks
TCFD
Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (June 2017)
The TCFD seeks to develop recommendations for voluntary climate-related financial 
disclosures as a tool for investors and other stakeholders to assess risks associated with 
climate change. Devon published its third Climate Change Assessment Report in 2021,  
a direct result of our ongoing commitment to transparency.
CORE ELEMENT TCFD DISCLOSURE REFERENCE
Governance
 
Disclose the organization’s 
governance around climate 
-related risks and opportunities.
a) 
 Des
cribe the board’s oversight of climate-
related risks and opportunities.
Climate Change Assessment Report (CCAR), CDP Climate 
Response, Proxy Statement, Sustainability Report 
(SR)-CEO Letter SR-Message from Our Board, SR-Report 
Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Governance 
Overview, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk 
Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
b)  Des cribe management’s role in assessing 
and managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, 
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-
Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
Strategy
 
Disclose the actual and potential 
impacts of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial 
planning where such information  
is material.
a) 
 Des
cribe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium, and 
long term.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Climate 
Change,SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
b)   Des cribe the impact of climate-
related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, and 
financial planning.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Climate 
Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
c)  Des cribe the resilience of the 
organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower 
scenario.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Climate Change
Risk Management
 
Disclose how the organization 
identifies, assesses, and manages 
climate-related risks.
a) 
 Des
cribe the organization’s processes  
for identifying and assessing climate-
related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Enterprise Risk Management
b)  Des cribe the organization’s processes  
for managing climate-related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
c)  Des cribe how processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related 
risks are integrated into the organization’s 
overall risk management.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Enterprise Risk Management
Metrics and Targets 
Disclose the metrics and targets  
used to assess and manage  
relevant climate-related risks  
and opportunities where such 
information is material.
a) 
 D
isclose the metrics used by the 
organization to assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk management process.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, 
SR-Report Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air 
Emissions, SR-Water Management, SR-Spill Prevention, 
SR-Performance Metrics
b)  D isclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if 
appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary,  
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
c)  Des cribe the targets used by the 
organization to manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, 
SR-Report Summary, SR-Performance Targets, SR-Climate 
Change, SR-Air Emissions
Striving for increased transparency
This report was prepared with content 
correlated to voluntary frameworks and 
standards established by the Task Force 
on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), IPIECA, Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) and United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
Devon continues to strive for increased 
transparency on issues that are top-
of-mind for our stakeholders, as we 
believe ESG transparency is important to 
building a sustainable and economically 
competitive company.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
72 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
IPIECA
Sustainability reporting guidance for the oil and gas industry (4th edition, 2020)
The primary framework for this report is the Sustainability reporting guidance for the oil and gas industry developed by 
IPIECA, the American Petroleum Institute (API) and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP). The 
issues and indicators in this guidance have been selected based on industry consensus, together with significant insights 
and suggestions from an independent panel of stakeholders with expertise in the sector and sustainability reporting.
The IPIECA index identifies where the referenced data may be found in this report or other publicly available disclosures.
IPIECA ISSUE INDICATORS REFERENCE
Governance and Business Ethics
Governance and  
Management Systems
GOV-1: Governance approach
Sustainability Report (SR)-About this Report, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Governance 
Overview,SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics, Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting 
Officer, EHS Philosophy, Proxy Statement
GOV-2: Management systems
Climate Change Assessment Report (CCAR), Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics, Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting 
Officer,SR-About this Report, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate 
Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Ethics & Integrity, SR-Emergency Preparedness 
Business Ethics and 
Transparency
GOV-3: Preventing corruption Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Anti-corruption Policy, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Ethics and Integrity,
SR-Shareholder Engagement, SR-Workforce Safety
GOV-4:  T ransparency of payments  
to host governments
Not applicable
GOV-5: Public advocacy and lobbying Political Activity and Lobbying Report, Anti-Corruption Policy, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Shareholder 
Engagement, SR-Public Advocacy, SR-Performance Metrics
Climate Change and Energy
Climate Strategy and Risk
CCE-1: Climate governance and strategy
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Message from Our Board, SR-Report Summary, 
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance, 
SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
CCE-2: Climate risk and opportunities CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, Form 10-K, SR-Report Summary, SR-Performance 
Targets, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
Technology CCE-3: Lower-carbon technology CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Performance Targets, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions, 
SR-Climate Change
Emissions
CCE-4: Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Air Emissions, SR-Performance Metrics,
CCE-5: Methane emissions CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, 
SR-Air Emissions, SR-Public Advocacy, SR-Performance Metrics
Energy Use CCE-6: Energy use CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
Flaring CCE-7: Flared gas CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Air Emissions, SR-Performance Metrics
Environment
Water
ENV-1: Freshwater CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Environment 
Overview, SR-Water Management, SR-Performance Metrics
ENV-2: Discharges to water Not Disclosed
Biodiversity
ENV-3: Biodiversity policy and strategy SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity
ENV-4:  P rotected and priority areas  
for biodiversity conservation
SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity
IPIECA ISSUE INDICATORS REFERENCE
Environment (cont’d)
Air Emissions ENV-5: Emissions to air CCAR, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions
Spills ENV-6: Spills to the environment CCAR, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Well Safety, SR-Performance Metrics
Materials Management ENV-7: Materials management CCAR, SR-Performance Targets, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, 
SR-Water Management, SR-Waste Management, SR-Performance Metrics
Decommissioning ENV-8: Decommissioning Not disclosed
Safety, Health and Security
Workforce Protection
SHS-1: Safety, health and security engagement EHS Philosophy, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Safety Overview,  
SR-Workforce Safety
SHS-2: Workforce health EHS Philosophy, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Waste Management, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Our culture,
SR-Employee Wellness
SHS-3:  Oc cupational injury and illness 
incidents
SR-Report Summary, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Public Advocacy,  
SR-Performance Metrics
SHS-4: Transport safety SR-Workforce Safety
Product Health, Safety  
and Environmental Risk SHS-5: Product stewardship SR-Waste Management, SR-Workforce Safety, Safety Data Sheets, EHS Philosophy Devon does not 
produce petroleum consumer products. 
Process Safety SHS-6: Process safety SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Well Safety, SR-Performance Metrics
Security SHS-7: Security risk management SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Cybersecurity, 
SR-Emergency Preparedness
Social
Human Rights  
Management
SOC-1: Human rights due diligence Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Statement on Human Rights, SR-Ethics and Integrity, SR-Human Rights
SOC-2: Suppliers and human rights Statement on Human Rights, Supplier Qualification Requirements, SR-Human Rights
SOC-3: Security and human rights Not Applicable
Labor Practices
SOC-4:  S ite-based labor practices and  
worker accommodation
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety
SOC-5: Workforce diversity and inclusion SR-CEO Letter, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Social Overview, SR-STEM, SR-Philanthropy, SR-Workforce 
Overview, SR-Our Culture, SR-Diversity Equity and Inclusion
SOC-6: Workforce engagement Ethics & Compliance Hotline, SR-Workforce Overview, SR-Our Culture
SOC-7: Workforce training and development SR-Waste Management, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Cybersecurity, SR-Ethics & Integrity, SR-Emergency 
Preparedness, SR-Our Culture, SR-Diversity Equity & Inclusion
SOC-8:  W orkforce non-retaliation  
and grievance mechanisms
Ethics & Compliance Hotline, SR-Ethics & Integrity
Community Engagement
SOC-9:  L ocal community impacts  
and engagement
SR-About this Report, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Water Management, SR-Emergency 
Preparedness, SR-Social Overview, SR-Community Engagement, SR-STEM, SR-Philanthropy, SR-
Volunteerism, SR-Workforce Overview, SR-Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
SOC-10: Indigenous peoples Statement on Human Rights, SR-Social Overview, SR-Land Conversation & Biodiversity
SOC-11:  Land ac quisition and involuntary 
resettlement
Not Applicable
SOC-12: Community grievance mechanisms Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Statement on Human Rights
SOC-13: Social investment Corporate Giving Policy, SR-Report Summary, SR-Social Overview, SR-Community Engagement, SR-STEM,
SR-Philanthropy, SR-Volunteerism, SR-Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Local Content
SOC-14:  L ocal procurement and supplier 
development
SR-Community Engagement, SR-Philanthropy
SOC-15: Local hiring practices Not Applicable
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
73 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
SASB
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Sustainability Accounting Standard 
(version 2018-10)
The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) connects businesses and 
investors on the financial impacts of sustainability. SASB’s mission is to help 
businesses around the world identify, manage and report on the sustainability 
topics that matter most to their investors. 
In response to growing investor interest in SASB, we conducted a comparative analysis using SASB 
indicators against our current reporting process. As of 2020, we still rely heavily on CDP Climate, CDP Water 
and our own materiality assessment to determine our top issues and methodologies for reporting. Various 
SASB indicators request different reporting methodologies but use the same underlying raw data that we 
use for our CDP responses. As such, Devon intends to use the SASB materiality profile for the oil and gas 
industry as an additional reference point when assessing the sustainability issues most likely to impact our 
business. We will determine what additional SASB-specific measurements Devon may adopt in the future 
based upon future assessments.
SASB TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions
EM-EP-110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage methane, percentage covered 
under emissions-limiting regulations
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Sustainability Report (SR)-Report 
Summary,SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air 
Emissions, SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-110a.2
Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions from: (1) flared hydrocarbons, (2) 
other combustion, (3) process emissions, (4) other vented emissions, and (5) 
fugitive emissions
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-
Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, 
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-110a.3
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 
1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance 
against those targets
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-
Performance Targets, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions
Air Quality EM-EP-120a.1 Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOX (excluding N2O), (2) SOX,  
(3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) particulate matter (PM10) Not Disclosed
Water  
Management
EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) total fresh water consumed, percentage of 
each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress
CDP Water Response, SR-Water Management,  
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water and flowback generated; percentage (1) discharged, 
(2) injected, (3) recycled; hydrocarbon content in discharged water
CDP Water Response, SR-Water Management,  
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public disclosure 
of all fracturing fluid chemicals used Not Disclosed
EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or surface water 
quality deteriorated compared to a baseline Not Disclosed
SASB TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Biodiversity  
Impacts
EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and practices  
for active sites
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Governance, Environmental & 
Public Policy Committee Charter, EHS Philosophy, SR Environment 
Overview, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Enterprise Risk Management
EM-EP-160a.2 Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, volume in Arctic, 
volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10, and volume recovered SR-Environment Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with 
protected conservation status or endangered species habitat Not Disclosed
Security, Human 
Rights, and Rights  
of Indigenous 
Peoples
EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near areas of conflict Not Applicable
EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near indigenous land Not Disclosed
EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with respect 
to human rights, indigenous rights, and operation in areas of conflict
Statement on Human Rights, SR-Land Conversation & Biodiversity, 
SR-Ethics and Integrity, SR-Human Rights
Community  
Relations
EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated with 
community rights and interests SR-Social Overview, SR-Community Engagement
EM-EP-210b.2 Number and duration of non-technical delays Not Disclosed
Workforce  
Health  
& Safety
EM-EP-320a.1
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near miss 
frequency rate (NMFR), and (4) average hours of health, safety, and 
emergency response training for (a) full-time employees, (b) contract 
employees, and (c) short-service employees
SR-Report Summary, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-
Public Advocacy, SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety 
throughout the exploration and production lifecycle
EHS Philosophy, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Operations 
Overview, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Our Culture
Reserves Valuation  
& Capital 
Expenditures
EM-EP-420a.1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price projection 
scenarios that account for a price on carbon emissions CCAR
EM-EP-420a.2 Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved hydrocarbon reserves Not Disclosed
EM-EP-420a.3 Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue generated by renewable 
energy sales Not Applicable
EM-EP-420a.4
Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate 
regulation influence the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, 
acquisition, and development of assets
CCAR, Form 10-K
Form 10-K
Business Ethics 
& Payments 
Transparency
EM-EP-510a.1
Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in countries that 
have the 20 lowest rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption 
Perception Index
Not Applicable
EM-EP-510a.2 Description of the management system for prevention of corruption  
and bribery throughout the value chain Anti-Corruption Policy, SR-Ethics & Integrity
Management of the 
Legal & Regulatory 
Environment
EM-EP-530a.1
Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/
or policy proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting 
the industry
Political Activity and Lobbying Report, SR-Public Advocacy
Critical incident  
risk management
EM-EP-540a.1 Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) of 
greater consequence (Tier 1) Not Disclosed
EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate 
catastrophic and tail-end risks SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Emergency Preparedness
Activity Metrics
EM-EP-000.A
Production of oil Form 10-K
Production of natural gas Form 10-K
Production of synthetic oil Not Applicable
Production of synthetic gas Not Applicable
EM-EP-000.B Number of offshore sites Not Applicable
EM-EP-000.C Number of terrestrial sites Website: https:/ /www.devonenergy.com/operations
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
74 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOAL REFERENCE
SDG Goal 3 – Good Health and Well-Being SR-Employee Wellness
SDG Goal 4 – Quality Education  SR-STEM
SDG Goal 5 – Gender Equality SR- Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
SDG Goal 6 – Clean Water and Sanitation SR-Water Management
SDG Goal 7 – Affordable and Clean Energy SR-Climate Change
SDG Goal 8 – Decent Work and Economic Growth SR-Workforce Safety
SDG Goal 13 – Climate Action SR- Enterprise Risk Management
SDG Goal 15 – Life on Land SR-Land Conservation and Biodiversity
SDG Goal 17 – Partnerships SR-Air Emissions
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
At Devon, one way we reflect on our role in society is by viewing our work through the lens 
of the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, or SDGs. The SDGs are the globally agreed-upon 
action plan for providing affordable and clean energy, protecting our planet, and promoting 
peace and prosperity for all people. We identified nine SDGs for which we believe Devon 
makes the greatest contribution. The following table summarizes those nine SDGs and where 
discussion of those topics can be found in this report.
American Exploration & Production Council Framework
The American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) is a national trade association representing the 
largest independent oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in the United States. To 
promote transparency and consistency in ESG reporting among U.S. upstream exploration and production 
companies, AXPC launched its voluntary ESG Metrics Framework and Template in February 2021. AXPC’s 
framework includes five key metrics groupings – Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Flaring, Spills, Water Use 
and Safety. Note, Devon’s performance data presented in this AXPC framework table may differ in scope, 
definition, and methodology from Devon’s reported data elsewhere in this report.
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
TOPIC METRIC 2020 ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions
GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) 3,533,953 Devon calculates our direct (Scope 1) GHG 
and methane emissions by including all 
emissions reported to the Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) pursuant to 
the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
(GHGRP) for onshore production and 
gathering and boosting assets under our 
operational control, as well as emissions 
subject to the GHGRP that fall below the 
basin-level reporting threshold.
AXPC GHG and methane emissions, as shown 
here, include only emissions for onshore 
production and gathering and boosting 
assets that are reportable under the 
GHGRP and, therefore, exclude emissions 
that fall below the basin-level reporting 
threshold.
GHG Intensity
GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e)/Gross Annual Production  
- As Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe)
13.21
Percent of GHG Emissions Attributed to Gathering and 
Boosting Segment 5%
Methane Emissions (metric tons CH4 ) 19,229
Methane Intensity
Methane Emissions (metric tons CH4)/Gross Annual 
Production - As Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe)
0.07
Percent of Methane Emissions Attributed to  
Gathering and Boosting Segment 3%
Flaring
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf) 12,255,177
Percentage of gas flared per Mcf of gas produced
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf)/Gross  
Annual Gas Production (Mcf)
1.48%
Volume of gas flared per barrel of oil equivalent produced 
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf)/Gross  
Annual Production (Boe)
0.041
Spills
Spill Intensity
Produced Liquids Spilled (Bbl)/Total Produced Liquids (MBbl) 0.015
Devon accounts for spills of produced oil, 
produced water and recycled water handled 
in our operations. Devon’s spill performance, 
as shown here, includes spills greater than 
or equal to 1 barrel for legacy WPX and 
spills reportable to a regulatory agency or 
that occurred offsite for legacy Devon.

Reporting Frameworks  continued
75 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
Workforce
Governance
Safety
Overview
Environment
Social 
Disclaimer
This report contains terms, standards 
and reporting metrics used by IPIECA, 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and 
United Nations’ Sustainable Development 
Goals (UNSDG, together with IPIECA, TCFD 
and SASB, the “Frameworks”). The contents 
of this report are intended as guidance 
only and may not be comprehensive in 
scope or coverage, including as to such 
Frameworks. Devon does not intend to 
and is not endorsing or adopting phrases, 
specific terms or recommendations from 
the Frameworks. Non-financial and non-
GAAP information, such as that included 
in this report, is subject to more potential 
limitations than financial information, 
given the methods used for calculating 
or estimating such information. Devon 
does not make any express or implied 
representations or warranties and shall 
not assume any liability whatsoever 
for providing guidance or using these 
Frameworks, or for any errors, mistakes or 
omissions in this report. 
Additionally, the concept of materiality 
used in this report is not intended to 
correspond to the concept of materiality 
associated with the disclosures required 
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (the “SEC”). Please refer to our 
2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our 
other filings with the SEC for information 
about the risks and uncertainties to our 
business and operations, and our industry 
in general. This report also incorporates 
a greater number of estimates and 
assumptions than many of our required 
disclosures, as well as longer time frames.  
This means that many of the matters 
discussed in this report are not, or currently 
cannot be ascertained to be, “material” 
as that term is defined by the U.S. federal 
securities laws.  While certain matters 
discussed in this report may be significant, 
any significance should not be read as 
necessarily rising to the level of materiality 
used for the purposes of complying with 
the U.S. federal securities laws, even where 
we use the word “material” or “materiality” 
in this report.  Moreover, given the inherent 
uncertainty of the estimates, assumptions 
and timelines contained in this report, we 
may not be able to anticipate whether or 
the degree to which we will be able to meet 
our plans, targets or goals in advance.
This report covers our owned and operated 
businesses and does not address the 
performance or operations of our suppliers, 
contractors and partners unless otherwise 
noted. This report does not distinguish 
between the activities and operations 
of our ultimate parent company (Devon 
Energy Corporation) and those of our 
subsidiaries.
This report includes “forward-looking 
statements” as defined by the SEC and 
federal securities laws. Any statement 
that is not a historical statement of fact 
should be treated as a forward-looking 
statement.  Such statements include, 
without limitation, statements that relate 
to the manner in which Devon intends 
to conduct certain of its activities, based 
on management’s current plans and 
expectations. Such statements are not 
promises or guarantees of future conduct 
or policy and are subject to a number of 
assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many 
of which are beyond our control. See the 
Safe Harbor disclosure at the end of this 
report. Devon’s actual activities, including 
the development, implementation or 
continuation of any goal, program, target 
or initiative discussed in this report 
may differ materially in the future. The 
forward-looking statements in this report 
speak only as of the date this report is 
originally published, even if subsequently 
made available by Devon on its website or 
otherwise, and are based on management’s 
expectations as of such date. Devon does 
not undertake, and expressly disclaims, any 
obligation to update the forward-looking 
statements as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise.
Safe Harbor 
Some of the information provided in 
this report includes “forward-looking 
statements” as defined by the SEC and 
federal securities laws, including, but not 
limited to, those statements regarding our 
net zero targets, emission reduction targets 
and other climate and environmental-related 
goals, strategies and plans. Forward-looking 
statements are often, but not always, 
identified by use of the words “goals,” 
“achievements,” “forecasts,” “projections,” 
“estimates,” “plans,” “expectations, 
“targets,” “opportunities,” “potential,” 
“outlook” and other similar terminology. 
Such statements concerning future 
performance are subject to a variety of 
risks and uncertainties that could cause 
Devon’s actual results to differ materially, 
and adversely, from the forward-looking 
statements contained herein. Readers 
should not place undue reliance on any 
forward-looking statement.  Moreover, 
many of the assumptions, standards, metrics 
and measurements used in preparing this 
report continue to evolve and are based on 
assumptions believed to be reasonable at 
the time of preparation, but should not be 
considered guarantees or promises of future 
performance.  Actual results, conditions and 
outcomes, whether financial or otherwise, 
may differ materially, and adversely, from 
those expressed or implied by any of the 
forward-looking statements contained 
in this report due to a variety of factors, 
including, among others, global socio-
demographic and economic trends, energy 
prices, technological innovations (including, 
but not limited to, the pace of technological 
developments with respect to leak 
detection), climate-related conditions and 
weather events, legislative and regulatory 
changes, our ability to gather and verify data 
regarding environmental impacts, our ability 
to successfully implement various initiatives 
throughout the organization under expected 
time frames, the compliance of various 
third parties, including our contractors, 
with our policies and procedures, and legal 
requirements and other unforeseen events 
or conditions.  Other risks and uncertainties 
are described in more detail in the “Risk 
Factors” section of our most recent Form 
10-K and in our other filings with the SEC 
and other disclosures.  Devon has not, and 
does not intend to, independently verify 
third-party data.
The forward-looking statements provided 
in this report are based on management’s 
examination of historical operating trends, 
the information which was used to prepare 
reserve reports and other data in Devon’s 
possession or available from third parties. 
Devon cautions that its future oil, natural gas 
and natural gas liquids (“NGL”) production, 
revenues and expenses are subject to all of 
the risks and uncertainties normally incident 
to the exploration for and development, 
production and sale of oil, natural gas 
and NGLs. These risks include, but are 
not limited to, price volatility, inflation or 
lack of availability of goods and services, 
environmental risks, drilling risks, political 
changes, changes in laws or regulations, the 
uncertainty inherent in estimating future oil 
and gas production or reserves and, as noted 
above, other risks identified in our Form 
10-K and our other filings with the SEC.
NYSE: DVN
www.devonenergy.com
Corporate Headquarters
Devon Energy
333 W. Sheridan Ave.
Oklahoma City, OK 73102-5015
405-235-3611
Reporting
TOPIC METRIC 2020 ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
Water Use
Fresh Water Intensity
Fresh Water Consumed (Bbl)/Gross Annual Production (Boe) 0.061
Water Recycle Rate
Recycled Water (Bbl)/Total Water Consumed (Bbl) 37.8%
Devon calculates our water consumption 
by including volumes that were consumed 
downhole during completions activities.
Does your company use WRI Aqueduct, GEMI, Water  
Risk Filter, Water Risk Monetizer, or other comparable  
tool or methodology to determine the water stressed  
areas in your portfolio?
Yes
Safety
Employee TRIR
# of Employee OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual  
Employee Workhours
0.36
Contractor TRIR
# of Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual 
Contractor Workhours
0.44
Combined TRIR
# of Combined OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual  
Combined Workhours
0.43
Supporting  
Data
Gross Annual Oil Production (Bbl) 160,143,612
Gross Annual Gas Production (Mcf) 826,449,779
Gross Annual Production (Boe) 297,885,242
Gross Annual Production (MBoe) 297,885
Gross Annual Production - As Reported  
Under Subpart W (MBoe) 267,613
Total Produced Liquids (MBbl) 504,893
Produced Liquids Spilled (Bbl) 7,805
Fresh Water Consumed (Bbl) 18,023,556
Recycled Water (Bbl) 37,174,485
Total Water Consumed (Bbl) 98,448,260
Employee OSHA Recordable Cases 9
Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases 55
Combined OSHA Recordable Cases 64
Annual Employee Workhours 4,957,528
Annual Contractor Workhours 24,781,969
Methodology CAPP
Annual Combined Workhours 29,739,497
American Exploration & Production Council Framework continued