ENERGY 
FOR OUR 
FUTURE
2024 Annual Sustainability Report

Foreword
Environmental
Safety
Social
Governance
Data & Disclosures
03
14
32
47
64
75

Our 2024 Progress 
In 2024, we achieved record volumes across our Permian, NGL transportation, fractionation, and 
export assets. Over the past five years, we’ve seen consistent momentum, supported by continued 
activity from our best-in-class customer base and growing demand for a reliable and affordable 
source of cleaner energy. In 2024, the Permian Basin played a central role in growing US energy supply, 
accounting for 22% of total U.S.-marketed natural gas production and driving nearly all of the United 
States’ production growth.1 
Growing global demand coupled with our uniquely integrated operations not only support a strong 
cash flow outlook but reinforce Targa’s ability to deliver long-term value to our shareholders. We 
remain focused on operating safely, driving efficiencies, embracing innovation, and fostering industry 
collaboration -- all while advancing responsible growth.
Putting our People First
Our achievements are rooted in prioritizing the health and safety of our people, a value that is 
embedded in everything we do. Over the past several years, we have made consistent investments 
in standardized processes, digital systems, and proactive training programs as we continue to 
drive our safety culture deeper into our operations. In 2024 alone, we delivered over 74,000 hours of 
Environment, Safety & Health (ES&H) training and introduced a new contractor-specific Learning 
Management System. As we continue to expand, we remain focused on advancing programs that 
protect both our employees and the communities we serve.
Responsible and Strategic Growth
Amid robust growth, we continue to make progress on our strategic initiatives including emissions 
avoided through continued investment in electric compression, the implementation of new advanced 
monitoring technologies, and ongoing optimization across our systems. Preventing methane loss from 
our systems remains a top priority at Targa. With methane intensity at the core of our GHG strategy, 
our team continues to deepen its expertise, deploy advanced technologies, and implement cost-
effective, business-aligned solutions to drive measurable progress in methane reduction.
Dear Stakeholders, 
I am pleased to share the 2024 Sustainability Report (Report) 
for Targa Resources. 2024 marks a strong year for Targa, as we 
reached record-breaking volumes and achieved remarkable 
financial success all while improving employee benefits, 
reducing GHG intensity, and strengthening our safety culture. 
Our results are a testament to our team’s strategic vision, 
thoughtful decision-making and pragmatic approach to 
sustainability during a period where global demand for energy 
continues to grow.
Natural gas is a critical component of today’s energy mix. With 
expected long-term growth in demand globally, Targa will play 
an important role in meeting the increasing need for more 
energy. As a leading infrastructure company, our strategically 
positioned assets play a unique role in the energy value chain, 
moving the growing supply of natural gas and NGLs from 
supply sources to domestic and global markets. We are proud 
of the impact we have beyond our industry, addressing energy 
accessibility and reliability domestically and across the globe. 
Increased access to energy drives human prosperity, improving 
access to clean water and food systems, infrastructure for 
education and healthcare, and employment opportunities that 
strengthen communities. 
Our continued growth is a testament to our long-term vision, 
strategic execution, and the strength and adaptability of our 
team. This Report highlights the progress of our sustainability 
program, reflects the dedication of our team, and invites our 
stakeholders to delve into the responsible operations that 
continue to drive our company’s differentiated growth. 
CEO Letter
1 Short-Term Energy Outlook (STEO) April 2025 , U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA).
32024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Social Data & DisclosuresGovernanceSafetyEnvironmental

CEO Letter Continued
Some of the key achievements reached in 2024 include:
• Exported 6.5 billion gallons of LPGs in 2024 globally that 
can offset higher GHG-emitting fuels 
• Completed our seventh sequestration well in 2024, 
increasing the volume of CO2 captured by nearly 50%
• Outperformed the original methane intensity goals 
established through ONE Future participation
• Installed 116,400 horsepower (hp) of electric 
compression at new gas plants, and 35,000 hp in our 
gathering and boosting operations 
• Bolstered our Methane Management Plan, evaluating 
and testing new technology to reduce methane slip and 
improve flare performance 
• Established a new Compliance Officer role with a 
dedicated ES&H Assurance Group to facilitate continued 
ES&H performance improvement
Energy for Our Future 
The world needs more energy. Expanding access to reliable 
and affordable energy is critical to addressing energy 
poverty and supporting global progress. Natural gas and 
NGLs will be at the forefront of meeting those needs. At 
Targa, our profitable growth and continued investment 
will move more natural gas and NGLs to market, reducing 
energy poverty and providing more energy for our future.
Thank you,
Matt Meloy
Chief Executive Officer
42024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Social Data & DisclosuresGovernanceSafetyEnvironmental

About This Report
Targa Resources Corp.’s (“we,” “us,” “our,” “Targa,” the “Company”) 2024 Annual 
Sustainability Report (the “Report”) provides our stakeholders with an update 
on our sustainability program, strategy, and progress for the calendar year 
ending December 31, 2024, unless otherwise noted. The scope of this Report 
includes all businesses, assets, and joint ventures owned and operated by Targa. 
It does not address the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors, 
partners, and non-controlled investments, unless otherwise noted. Any other data 
exclusions or additions are noted throughout the Report. 
The Company has published an Annual Sustainability Report since 2019 to provide 
regular performance updates on sustainability issues deemed relevant to our 
business and stakeholders. Annual sustainability reports are developed by a 
cross-functional team of subject matter experts throughout Targa and undergoes 
review by our Executive team and the Sustainability Committee of the Board of 
Directors. We actively engage with our stakeholders throughout the year to help 
ensure the Report content and disclosures remain relevant and decision-useful. 
Prior to our inaugural Sustainability Report, Targa conducted an assessment of 
our business to identify the material non-financial issues most impactful to our 
business and stakeholders, and we review our list of identified material topics 
annually to ensure they remain relevant to our business and reflect stakeholder 
input. The process includes a review of third-party sustainability reporting 
standards and frameworks, peer disclosures, industry association guidance, 
investor feedback, and internal perspectives. Disclosures and updates related to 
our material topics are detailed throughout this Report.
Foreword
Social GovernanceSafetyEnvironmental
52024 Annual Sustainability Report
Data & Disclosures

About This Report
Reporting Standards and Alignment 
We have sought to align the Report’s disclosures with the Global Reporting 
Initiative’s (GRI) Oil and Gas Sector Standards and the International Financial 
Reporting Standards’ (IFRS) Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Oil 
and Gas Midstream industry-specific standards. We have also provided disclosures 
following the Energy Infrastructure Council (EIC)/GPA Midstream ESG Reporting 
Template. Such disclosures can be found in the Appendix of this Report. As part 
of our sustainability disclosure efforts, we also respond to recommendations of 
the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Our TCFD Index is 
published on our website and can be found here. 
For the third consecutive year, Targa voluntarily obtained limited assurance from 
a third-party, covering select Environmental and Safety metrics. This process 
reinforces the accuracy and reliability of our data, enhancing the transparency of 
our reporting and communications. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Sustainability Report contains forward-looking information or forward-looking 
statements. Please see “Forward-looking Statements” on page 94 of this Report. 
For additional information on Targa’s sustainability program, please visit our 
website:  
https://www.targaresources.com/sustainability 
or contact us at: 
InvestorRelations@targaresources.com  
For Targa’s financial information and disclosures, please see our United  
States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filings on our Investor  
Relations website: 
www.targaresources.com/investors/financial-information/sec-filings
Foreword
Social GovernanceSafetyEnvironmental
62024 Annual Sustainability Report
Data & Disclosures

North Dakota
Badlands
Galena Park
Kansas
New Mexico
Permian Delaware
SouthOK
Oklahoma
Arkansas
North Texas
Permian Midland
Texas
SouthTX
Houston
Louisiana
Mont
Belvieu
Coastal
WestOK
Legend
 –––  Natural Gas Gathering Pipeline
 –––  NGL Pipeline
-   - -   - Blackcomb Pipeline (in Progress)
-   - -   - Traverse Pipeline (in Progress)
  G&P Asset Region
  Gas Plants
  Fractionation Complex
  Lake Charles Fractionator
  LPG Export Facility
  Crude Terminal & Gathering
	 Headquarters
About  
Targa
Targa Resources Corp. (NYSE: TRGP) is a leading provider of midstream services and is one of the largest independent infrastructure companies in North America. 
We own, operate, acquire, and develop a diversified portfolio of complementary domestic infrastructure assets across the U.S. We focus on the efficient and safe 
delivery of natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs) to meet the increasing domestic and global demand for cleaner, affordable fuel and feedstocks. We operate 
responsibly by prioritizing employees safety, protecting our communities, growing our business, and enhancing shareholder value.
Asset Map
Gathering and Processing (G&P)
Targa’s natural gas G&P footprint extends to producing basins across the U.S. 
This segment is primarily focused on the gathering, processing, purchase, and 
sale of natural gas produced from oil and gas wells. The natural gas processed 
in this segment is supplied through our gathering systems which, in aggregate, 
consist of approximately 31,200 miles of natural gas pipelines and 53 owned and 
operated processing plants.
Logistics and Transportation (L&T)
We connect natural gas and NGL supply to domestic and international markets. 
This segment includes the activities and assets that convert mixed NGLs into 
NGL products and the additional services around the delivery of natural gas and 
NGL products. Our fractionation, pipeline transportation, storage, and terminal 
businesses include approximately 2,600 miles of company-owned pipelines to 
transport mixed NGLs and specification products.
Asset Portfolio
Our portfolio consists of two primary segments, Gathering & Processing and 
Logistics & Transportation assets. Our integrated midstream business supports 
supplying the world with a variety of energy solutions.
Foreword
Social GovernanceSafetyEnvironmental
72024 Annual Sustainability Report
Data & Disclosures

Energy Value Chain
As a leading infrastructure company, Targa plays 
a critical role in transporting natural gas and 
NGLs to help meet domestic and global energy 
demand. At Targa, we create value at various 
stages along the midstream value chain, from 
gathering and processing gas to transportation, 
fractionation, storage, and export of valuable 
NGLs. These dynamics are illustrated in the 
graphic on the right.
Natural Gas 
Production
Gas 
Gathering 
Pipelines
NGL 
Transmission 
Pipelines
Processing
& Treating
Fractionation
Gas 
Transmission
Pipelines
NGL  
Product 
Pipelines
Gas 
Storage
LNG 
Exports
LPG 
Exports
Local  
Distribution
Electricity 
Generation
Electricity 
Distribution
Industrial
Markets
Refined
Products
Res./Comm.
Markets
Primary
Petrochemical
Power
Markets
Fuel Uses
Legend
––– Natural Gas
––– NGLs
––– Outside of Targa’s Role
NGL 
Storage
82024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Social Data & DisclosuresGovernanceSafetyEnvironmental

Natural Gas1 
 
Natural gas is one of the lowest-carbon hydrocarbon fuels, emitting about half of the CO2 and less than 10% of the 
methane compared to coal2. As the energy market evolves, it remains a reliable, affordable, and scalable solution to 
meet growing global demand. While Targa does not directly export liquified natural gas (LNG), our gas gathering 
and processing operations support natural gas production that ultimately serves the global market.
In the United States, natural gas is used primarily as a fuel for heating and electricity generation. Some common 
uses of natural gas include:
Natural Gas Liquids 
 
NGLs such as ethane, propane, and butane are components of the natural gas stream and are used 
domestically and globally as a fuel and also as feedstocks for making essential and everyday products. In 
developing nations, propane for example, provides a cleaner and safer alternative for home heating and cooking 
compared to traditional fuels like wood or dung, helping to reduce air pollution.
1  Natural Gas Explained
2  Environmental Protection Agency’s (EPA) Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Inventories , January of 2025.
Common Uses for 
Natural Gas and 
Natural Gas Liquids
Targa plays an important role in supporting both 
domestic and global energy security. Our natural gas 
and NGLs provide accessible, reliable, and affordable 
fuel and feedstock, often lower-priced than other 
hydrocarbon alternatives. The sustained rise in 
demand in recent years reinforces the enduring 
necessity of safe, reliable, and affordable fossil fuels.
Power  
Generation Transportation Manufacturing
Heating, 
Cooking and 
Drying
Household 
Goods
Building 
Materials
Food 
Packaging
Healthcare 
Products
Foreword
Social GovernanceSafetyEnvironmental
92024 Annual Sustainability Report
Data & Disclosures

Sustainability at Targa 
We recognize that our long-term 
success is tied to fulfilling our 
responsibilities and creating lasting 
benefits for our stakeholders. Our 
approach is grounded in practicing 
good corporate governance, limiting 
risks, advancing responsible 
environmental stewardship, and being 
a compassionate and ethical neighbor. 
Our dedication to sustainability programs 
and practices plays a key role in reducing 
organizational risk and strengthening our long-
term resilience. We strive to conduct business in 
a sustainable, safe, and ethical manner, delivering 
lasting benefits for all stakeholders, including the 
communities where we live and work.
Social Responsibility
Environmental Stewardship Safety Leadership
Corporate Governance 
Our talented and dedicated team remains our 
most valuable resource, and we are committed 
to their health, safety, and development. We 
also value the connections we have with our 
neighbors, and we work to engage with and 
support them in meaningful ways.
We are focused on efficient operations that  
manage our impact on the environment while 
working responsibly to fulfill our role in the 
energy value chain. 
We know that our success depends on our 
ability to protect our workforce and the public, 
as well as our ability to maintain the integrity of 
our assets.
We seek to operate our business responsibly, 
ethically, and in a manner aligned with the 
interests of our shareholders.
Our sustainability strategy is guided by four key concepts:
102024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Social Data & DisclosuresGovernanceSafetyEnvironmental

Sustainability 
Governance 
Strong and effective governance is fundamental to 
a successful business and lies at the core of Targa’s 
operations. Sustainability is an integral part of our 
governance framework, recognizing that sustainability 
risks are closely linked with other business risks and 
opportunities. By embedding sustainability into our 
governance practices, we aim to strengthen our ability 
to create lasting benefits for our stakeholders. As a 
result, sustainability responsibilities are integrated 
across all levels of our organization, guided by a defined 
framework of roles and responsibilities. 
Our Board of Directors maintains a high level of 
oversight for our sustainability strategy, complemented 
by regular dialogue across the business that facilitates 
efficient communication and alignment on our shared 
sustainability objectives. As part of our response to 
shareholder feedback, Targa maintains a Sustainability 
Committee which assists the Board in overseeing 
Targa’s compliance with sustainability matters. To see 
more information about the Sustainability Committee, 
see the Governance section of this Report.
Board of 
Directors and 
its Committees 
Targa’s Board of Directors (the Board) provides oversight on our approach to 
sustainability and risk management across the organization. The Board strives to hold 
the Executive team accountable for implementing our sustainability objectives, while 
the Board’s various Committees are aligned with key sustainability program elements. 
Highlights of Board Committee oversight are noted below. Additional information on 
Targa’s approach to corporate governance can be found in the Governance section of 
this Report.
Targa’s CEO and Executive team oversee the development, implementation, and reporting on sustainability-related efforts. 
They also facilitate our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process, actively supporting the development of our program 
and approach to risk management.
Targa’s management and business leaders develop and support efforts to achieve our sustainability objectives and 
initiatives. Their work further integrates sustainability considerations into daily operations.
Targa employees are our greatest sustainability ambassadors. They are responsible for executing our sustainability 
objectives and initiatives. They connect with stakeholders as well as implement more efficient and effective initiatives 
across our business.
The Sustainability 
Committee assists the 
Board in overseeing 
sustainability matters.
CEO and Executive Management
Management and Business Leaders
Employees
The Audit Committee reviews 
Targa’s efforts around risk 
management, including 
cybersecurity. 
The Compensation Committee 
oversees sustainability-linked 
compensation and helps assess 
Targa’s sustainability performance.
112024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Social Data & DisclosuresGovernanceSafetyEnvironmental

Stakeholder 
Engagement 
Active stakeholder engagement and dialogue is 
critical to building and maintaining the collaborative 
relationships we find integral to our sustainability 
approach. Each stakeholder has certain priorities that 
influence how we approach our strategy. The table 
to the right outlines the primary stakeholder groups 
we interact with regularly, high-level sustainability 
topics important to each group, ongoing programs 
within Targa to address specific interests, and specific 
examples of efforts related to those areas. These are 
the topics and commitments you will see covered 
throughout this Report, along with additional details 
and examples about how Targa engages with each 
stakeholder group on our sustainability strategy. See 
page 69 in the Governance section of this Report for 
more information on our shareholder engagement 
activities.
Stakeholder
Areas of 
interest
Targa’s 
ongoing 
programs
Examples of 
our efforts
Shareholders 
and Investors
Capture opportunities, 
provide solutions, 
manage risk, and 
maximize value
• Corporate and business 
development 
• Corporate governance 
• Corporate strategy behavior
• Government relations 
• Risk management 
• Ethics and code of conduct 
• Executive compensation 
• Board composition and 
refreshment 
• Carbon capture
• New technology 
• Talent acquisition and 
retention 
• Cybersecurity
• Shareholder engagement, 
outreach, and feedback
• Increased communication 
with producers and pipeline 
operators 
• Voluntary and enhanced 
leak detection and 
monitoring 
• Facility optimization 
• Reliability and maintenance 
programs 
• ONE Future membership
• The Environmental 
Partnership membership
• Health and safety 
programs 
• Land use 
• Employee training 
• Hiring locally
• Landowner meetings 
• Indigenous peoples’ policy 
and outreach 
• Human Rights Policy
• Employee benefit 
programs
• Reliable/safe operations 
• Initiatives to reduce 
methane emissions
• Workforce health and 
safety
• Social responsibility 
• Biodiversity/land use 
• Employee and public safety 
programs 
• Community outreach
Help support their 
sustainability goals
Support development, 
growth, and health 
of employees and 
communities 
Partners and 
Customers
Employees, Contractors, 
and Community
122024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Social Data & DisclosuresGovernanceSafetyEnvironmental

2024 Performance Highlights
22% 
of our new employees are 
residents of the state where 
their positions were based
92% 
~4.5 MMT ~400 KMT 
2
New independent 
Board members 
of CO2e emissions avoided 
from installation of electric 
compression 
decrease in Total Recordable 
Incident Rate since 2021
of CO2 sequestered into 
underground injection wells
Invested in improved 
technology for flare 
and engine emissions 
performance
Continued voluntary 
aerial methane 
surveys at all our 
gathering and 
processing assets
7
consecutive year conducting 
annual off-season governance 
and sustainability shareholder 
engagement meetings 
TH
74 K+
hours of Environmental, 
Safety, and Health 
(ES&H) training
6.5B 
gallons of exported LPGs in 2024 that 
can offset higher GHG-emitting fuels
53% 
of leadership roles were filled 
by internal candidates
33%
decrease in Gathering & 
Boosting (G&B) Sector 
Methane Intensity since 2021
132024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Social Data & DisclosuresGovernanceSafetyEnvironmental

14 Environmental
15  Environmental Management
16  Environmental Oversight
17  Approach to GHG Emissions Goals
18  Methane Emissions Performance
19 Methane Management Plan
20  Greenhouse Gas Emissions
22 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Performance
23  Flaring Focus
25  Criteria Pollutants
26  Water Management
27  Waste Management
28  Spill Prevention and Response 
29 Biodiversity and Land Stewardship
We deliver natural gas and natural gas liquids efficiently and 
responsibly to help meet the world’s growing demand for cleaner 
energy. Our dedication to responsible environmental stewardship 
guides the integration of environmental considerations into almost 
every aspect of our operations and business decision-making.

Environmental Management 
Targa’s approach to environmental management is governed by our Environmental, Safety, and Health (ES&H) Policy, 
which is our framework that integrates environmental performance into all of our business activities. We do this through 
our ES&H Integrated Management System (IMS), the company-wide platform that puts our ES&H Policy into action. The 
IMS helps us manage and reduce environmental risks, supports our efforts to achieve regulatory compliance, and drives a 
positive culture around environmental excellence. 
We continually evaluate and refine our policy, management systems, and environmental practices to keep pace with 
evolving demands of our operations, legal and regulatory requirements, and industry best practices. In 2025, we 
augmented our ES&H Policy driving accountability across our organization to better achieve our ES&H goals. Additionally, 
we continue to enhance and streamline our environmental information systems, with projects ongoing that will drive 
improvements in data management and tracking, further integrating into our overall IMS.
For more information, review our ES&H Policy.
Targa’s environmental commitments:
Leadership: 
Demonstrate visible and active leadership that  
engages employees and service providers and  
manages ES&H performance.
Transparency and Communication: 
Prioritize meeting and, where practical, exceeding 
regulatory requirements. Measure, audit, and publicly 
report ES&H performance to maintain open and 
transparent relationships with federal, state, and local 
regulatory agencies, as well as other stakeholders. We 
engage with them routinely, either independently or 
through our industry associations, on policy development, 
rulemaking, education, technology review, and 
benchmarking. 
Employee Empowerment: 
Provide employees with the resources necessary to  
instill personal ownership and motivation to achieve 
ES&H excellence. Promote ES&H awareness and 
responsibility through training to ensure employees are 
competent to perform their assignments effectively and 
safely. All Targa employees are informed of and expected 
to uphold our standards and promote compliance.
Limit Impacts: 
Manage all projects and processes through their life 
cycles in a way that limit impacts on the environment and 
local communities where we operate.
PERFORMANCE MANAGEM
ENT
LEADERSHIP ACCOUNTABILITY
CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
STANDARDIZATION
Public Safety  
& Awareness
Employee & 
Contractor 
Safety
Pipeline, 
Storage,  
& Process 
Safety
Air, Water 
& Waste
Compliance
Emergency 
Preparedness
Committed to 
Protecting Our 
Communities, People 
and Environment
INTEGRATED 
MANAGEMENT 
SYSTEM (IMS)
To facilitate continued ES&H 
performance improvement, we 
established a Compliance Officer 
role with a dedicated ES&H 
Assurance Group.
152024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Targa’s ES&H Assurance Program plays 
a key role in our sustainability efforts 
by ensuring ES&H compliance through 
structured audits and risk-based 
assessments. It supports continuous 
improvement of ES&H performance, 
accountability, and responsible 
operations across all our facilities.
Julie P .
Compliance Officer
Environmental responsibility is deeply 
embedded across all levels of our organization.
Environmental 
Oversight
Operational Leaders 
• Routinely review environmental performance data 
and reports
• Report on operational issues, including unplanned 
incidents, during weekly operational and commercial 
staff meetings
• Ensure significant unplanned incidents are reviewed 
for cause and corrective actions
Board of 
Directors 
Review environmental key performance 
indicators and focus areas quarterly
Field Environmental 
Specialists 
• Work with functional groups across Targa, including 
engineering, construction, and operations, to oversee 
the implementation of environmental policies and 
practices
• Provide compliance assistance
Environmental  
Subject-matter Experts 
• Maintain and update environmental policies and 
practices
• Support and collaborate with functional 
groups across Targa, including operations and 
engineering
• Provide compliance assistance expertise
Executive Team 
• Meet with operations, engineering, and ES&H 
leadership quarterly to review environmental 
performance
162024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

ONE Future continues to develop its post-2025 segment 
and value chain targets that will reflect recent technological 
advancements and understanding of the natural gas value 
chain segment emissions profiles. ONE Future is also 
evaluating approaches for enhanced measurement and 
monitoring of emissions. We view these developments as 
positive steps forward and continue to collaborate with ONE 
Future in these areas through our leadership positions on 
their Board and Technical Committee.
Methane Focus
Targeting methane loss remains a meaningful and 
impactful focus area for Targa. Preventing methane 
loss is environmentally responsible and good business. 
Through our participation in ONE Future, we established 
the following methane emissions intensity goals:
Targa’s Methane Intensity Goals
Gathering & 
Boosting Sector
Processing 
Sector
0.08% 0.11%
ONE Future 2025 Methane 
Intensity Goals
Targa strives to deliver energy safely and reliably for our customers and to limit our environmental impact. Our operations 
support increasing domestic and global energy demand. We acknowledge the importance of addressing our impacts 
while enabling reliable energy delivery. 
Optimize operational 
efficiency
Invest in low or no emission technologies, 
such as electric-driven compressors and air 
activated pneumatic devices
Report our GHG emissions to 
stakeholders annually 
Implement emission 
reduction best practices 
Evaluate complementary business 
opportunities that reduce emissions such as 
renewable energy and carbon capture 
Deploy advanced monitoring 
technologies to proactively identify 
and reduce methane emissions
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Targa’s integrated approach to Greenhouse Gas (GHG) emissions:
As a fundamental principle, Targa only considers setting targets for our company 
that are aligned with our strategy of creating value for our shareholders, are 
credible, and can be supported by a plausible roadmap to achievement. Targa 
has a consistent record of listening to our stakeholders, considering the unique 
qualities of our assets, and working towards meaningful emission improvements 
when evaluating GHG emission goals and objectives.
172024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

1  ONE Future originally set its methane intensity goals using a defined methodology (see Original in table above). As shown above, in 2024, Targa continues to exceed ONE Future’s original goals. 
2  In 2021, ONE Future modified its methodology to incorporate slip from combustion engines (see Revised in table above). 
Methane Emissions Performance 
Targa has achieved substantial methane emissions reductions in our Gathering and Boosting (G&B) system since 2022 
by implementing a strengthened methane monitoring program. Over the last three years, our methane emissions have 
remained stable despite substantial growth in our system. 
Targa reports methane emissions annually in accordance with the EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
(GHGRP). In following the GHGRP , we use a combination of emission factors, direct measurements, and operational 
data, such as directly measured gas volumes and compositions, and asset-specific data. 
In 2024, we began updating our approach to methane emissions in response to recent EPA revisions. We expect to 
continue refining our approach as we incorporate new EPA source categories, such as methane slip and other large 
release events, to our inventory totals beginning in 2025.
G&B Sector Methane Intensity Processing Sector Methane Intensity
0.180%
0.160%
0.140%
0.120%
0.100%
0.080%
0.060%
0.040%
0.020%
0.000%
2023 202420222021 GOAL
0.120%
0.100%
0.080%
0.060%
0.040%
0.020%
0.000%
0.033%0.037%
0.032% 0.035%
0.11%
2023 202420222021 GOAL
0.139%
0.167%
0.112% 0.112%
0.08%
Revised2Original1
Vastly Outperforming Goal
Targa continues to outperform 
the ONE Future methane 
intensity goals on both G&B and 
Processing Sectors under ONE 
Future’s original methodology
Outperforming Original Metrics Goal
182024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Methane Management Plan
Methane management is central to Targa’s GHG mitigation strategy and methane intensity is our core sustainability goal. With oversight from Executive Management, our strategy is defined by 
Targa’s Methane Management Plan. Limiting methane loss, the primary component of natural gas, benefits the environment by reducing emissions and often creates value. Key elements of our 
Methane Management Plan include:
Evaluation of Targa’s methane emission inventory 
found that one of the most significant contributors is 
methane slip from combustion engines. Based on this 
information, work was initiated with both the original 
equipment manufacturers and third-party technology 
providers to identify emission reduction solutions. In 
2024, the next generation of low emissions engines 
was introduced to the market.
In late 2024, Targa commissioned our first all-next-
generation lean-burn compressor station, installing 
approximately 25,000 HP of low-emissions, gas-
driven engines at the Alpha Compressor Station. In 
initial manufacturing testing, the engine produced 
approximately 40% less methane slip than historic 
designs. Based on empirical data, this equates to 
approximately 250 MT of methane emissions annually 
per engine. 
In addition to our next generation engine installations, 
Targa has begun deployment of lower emissions kits 
during existing engine major maintenance cycles. 
This dual path of installing lower emissions engines 
and retrofitting the existing fleet attacks methane 
emissions in both the base fleet and on new growth 
engines.
This continued effort to find new ways to reduce 
emissions while maintaining growth is helping to provide 
lower carbon intensity natural gas for the end user.
CASE STUDY
Methane Slip:  
Targa’s Investment in 
Improved Technology
Achieving Goals
We strive to improve our methane 
intensity performance. Executive and 
departmental leadership meet routinely 
to help to ensure progress on our goals.
• Tied sustainability performance to 
our annual incentive compensation 
plan connecting employees’ impact to 
Targa’s performance
• Exceeded ONE Future 2025 original 
sector goals and exceeding 2025 
revised processing sector goal 
Leveraging Advanced Technology 
We have invested significantly in technologies 
to detect and identify leaks. This commitment 
to advanced technology helps to reassure our 
stakeholders of our dedication to sustainability 
and environmental responsibility.
• Invest in new technology supporting 
midstream industry solutions to methane 
emissions 
• Conduct monitoring using Optical Gas 
Imaging (OGI), aerial flyovers, and satellite to 
detect methane emissions
• Positions Targa ahead of EPA regulatory 
compliance minimums
Applying Solutions 
Our cross-functional Methane 
Team analyzes data and evaluates 
technology to implement the 
most cost-effective means to 
reduce methane loss and improve 
operating reliability.
• Reinforce methane goals and 
objectives in company-wide 
employee meetings
• Empower employees to identify 
issues and contribute to methane 
emission reductions
• Use improved data analytics to 
proactively find and fix methane 
leaks, reducing methane emissions
Building Knowledge 
We engage with industry organizations to develop 
and enhance our existing strategy, explore new 
technology, and develop best practices in the 
methane space. This engagement demonstrates 
our commitment to industry collaboration on 
solutions to reduce methane emissions.
• Maintain leadership roles in ONE Future as 
elected Board member and Co-Chair of the 
Technical Committee
• Actively engage through GPA Midstream and 
American Petroleum Institute (API) on methane 
regulation advocacy
• Participate in academic-led collaborations on 
methane topics
• Work with engine manufacturers on methane slip 
reduction solutions
192024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

The decision to deploy electric compression is guided by a thorough evaluation of multiple 
factors, including electricity availability and cost, location, the reliability of renewable 
energy sources, and current and potential regulations. In many cases, local electricity for 
electric compression is either unavailable, costly to install, or unable to be delivered on 
time. These considerations inform Targa’s decisions to provide reliable, sustainable energy 
for our assets within the parameters of our prudent capital allocation framework. 
At our fractionation facilities, electric process heaters are not technically feasible. Targa 
has investigated alternative options to reduce GHG emissions from heaters. As these 
multibillion-dollar projects are not currently cost-effective, we remain informed of new 
technologies as they mature and become available. 
While we aim to install electric compression when feasible, fully electrifying Targa’s 
existing gas-fired compressor engine fleet would require significant investment,  
increasing costs by billions of dollars with no corresponding increase in volumes or 
revenues. Additionally, we do consider that electrification shifts GHG emissions from 
Scope 1 to Scope 2. Therefore, the analysis of when and where to replace equipment is 
strategic and important. 
During major scheduled maintenance overhauls, we assess whether an existing gas fired 
engine could be replaced with an electric model. Decisions are made considering 
availability of electricity, increased operational reliability, and cost. For example, in 2024, 
grid reliability has become a notable focus for Targa, as the Electric Reliability Council of 
Texas (ERCOT) continues to face capacity constraints due to rising demand. Every year, our 
engineering and operations team evaluate these evolving conditions and review future 
scheduled maintenance when planning for electricity needs.
Electrification
Our Permian gas processing capacity has increased by nearly 5 billion cubic feet per day 
over the last 10 years. In 2024, Targa avoided approximately 4.5 million metric tons of GHG 
emissions through our strategic investment in electrification. When combined over the last 
10 years, we have avoided nearly 20 million metric tons of GHG emissions. These efforts are 
instrumental in driving down our GHG emissions intensity, even as we continue to deliver 
year-over-year volume growth.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Since 2015, we have consistently invested in electric 
compression at our new plant and field gas gathering 
compression, where feasible. In 2024, we installed 
116,400 horsepower (hp) of electric compression at our 
gas plants as well as 35,000 hp of electric compression 
across our G&B operations. This comprised 60% of 2024 
installed compression.
202020192018201720162015 2021 2023 20242022
We estimate annual GHG emissions avoided based on cumulative emissions that would have resulted if Targa had installed gas-fired 
compression at gas plants and compressor stations in lieu of the electric motor-driven compression actually installed since 2015. The 
emissions compound as additional electrical compression is installed annually.
Avoided Scope 1 GHG Emissions From Compressor Electrification
5.0
4.0
3.0
2.0
1.0
0.0
CO2e Emissions Avoided (MMT)
Based on our 2024 GHG emissions profile, 75% of our Scope 1 GHG emissions—10.2 MMT 
CO2e, as reported to the EPA—originated from gas-fired compressor engines and process 
heaters. We continue our efforts to electrify compression assets for new installations in 
avoidance of additional Scope 1 GHG emissions.
202024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Our Executive team has empowered dedicated resources throughout the organization to explore and pilot 
new technologies, collaborate with peers and vendors, assume leadership roles in industry organizations, 
and seek out best practices to advance Targa’s objectives. The Targa business development and commercial 
teams remain focused on identifying and evaluating opportunities related to alternative and emerging energy 
solutions that support our midstream operations. This includes advancing carbon capture and sequestration 
projects  and pursuing viable renewable energy projects and partnerships.
2016 20202018 20222017 20212019 2023 2024
450
400
350
300
250
200
150
100
50
0
In 2024, we commissioned an additional sequestration well, bringing 
our total to seven operational wells. Additionally, we increased our 
sequestration of CO2 by nearly 50% to approximately 400,000 metric 
tons in 2024. Building on this success, we continue to expand our CO2 
sequestration operations with new permitting efforts in New Mexico 
and Texas, with another well commissioned in early 2025. 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Lower Carbon Solutions
GHG Emissions Sequestered through Underground Injection Wells
CO2e Emissions Sequestered 
(Thousand MT)
212024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Customer activity behind our best in class footprint continues 
to drive strong growth at Targa. Our Permian inlet volumes 
increased 14% in 2024 driving gross throughput higher for the 
year. Over the past five years, we have experienced sustained 
growth, driven in part by increasing US energy supply and rising 
global demand for reliable and accessible energy. 
Even with our substantial volume growth and the EPA’s  
increase of its methane emission factor, our combined Scope 1 
and 2 GHG emissions only increased by 8% compared to 2023. 
Our Scope 2 GHG emissions growth is largely attributable to our 
electrification strategy, driving higher avoided Scope 1  
GHG emissions. 
Despite the overall increase in absolute GHG emissions, our GHG 
intensity has decreased over the last five years. Targa remains 
committed to our continued efforts to optimize operations, 
utilize data and advanced monitoring to mitigate leaks, and 
advance new abatement technology to reduce emissions. 
Permian Natural Gas Inlet Volumes*
2023 2024202220212020
6,400
5,600
4,800
4,000
3,200
2,400
1,600
800
0
Inlet Volumes (MMcf/d)
Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
Performance
* Operational metrics represent average annual volumes.
Scope 1 + Scope 2 GHG Emissions and Intensity
16.0
14.0
12.0
10.0
8.0
6.0
4.0
2.0
0
10
9
8
7
 Intensity (mt co2e/Thousand BOE)
 Emissions (million mt co2e)
Scope 1 Scope 2 Acquired Assets Scope 1 GHG Emission Intensity
2023 2024202220212020
24% Compound 
Annual Growth Rate 
of Inlet Volume
222024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Flaring Focus Flaring at Targa primarily occurs for safety reasons, such as relieving pressure during unplanned events like third-party 
outages, severe weather, unplanned maintenance, or other unexpected operational disruptions. Limiting flared volumes 
remains a key priority for Targa.
Flare Monitoring:  
Targa’s Investment in Improved Technology
We continue to analyze our flaring operations. In 2024, 
we began evaluating new flare monitoring technology: 
Mantis Lite and Twin Eagle. These cameras are designed 
to monitor flare performance and operation. The remote 
monitoring cameras allow us to evaluate performance 
by providing data on our flare equipment, such as 
combustion efficiency. This continuous monitoring gives 
us a better understanding of how our flares react during 
different operating scenarios. Testing this technology 
is ongoing with both Targa and the industrial groups in 
which we participate.
CASE STUDY Reducing Flared Volumes
Targa’s commitment to responsible operations is reflected in our efforts to proactively limit unplanned flaring and 
venting. In 2024, Targa’s flaring intensity from environmental incidents in the Permian Basin was less than 0.5% of inlet 
volumes. Our multi-faceted approach includes strategic planning, close collaboration with stakeholders, robust asset 
integrity and maintenance programs, and implementing new technologies. Collectively, these efforts aim to manage 
flared gas volumes while maintaining the operational safety and integrity of our assets.
Utilize vapor recovery units to 
recover gas that would otherwise 
be flared or vented
Evaluate and expand pipeline 
gathering system capacity and 
connectivity to reduce potential 
field gas flaring by producers
Actively monitor operations and repair 
leaks, seek to mitigate flaring events, 
investigate incidents to determine 
corrective actions, and analyze data 
routinely to reduce methane emissions
Explore innovative technologies 
to reduce flaring emissions 
and identify operational 
improvements to reduce the need 
for flaring 
Evaluate and deploy new 
combustion monitoring 
technologies to optimize 
flare performance
Our Flare Operation and Design
Targa’s flare equipment are all designed to meet stringent regulatory and operational requirements. 
Although our goal is to reduce and ultimately eliminate the gas going to the flare, at any given time, 
our flares are required to:
• Remain lit and have automatic systems to reignite
• Operate effectively to maximize destruction efficiency
232024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Practices and Programs to Reduce Flaring Partnering for Success with 
Upstream Customers 
Targa benefits by collaborating with our customers 
seeking to reduce routine producer flaring. We work with 
our production customers across multiple levels to help 
reduce their field gas flaring, including:
Centralized Gas Control 
Our centralized gas control team oversees gas gathering 
systems, manages gas distribution to residue gas markets, 
supervises field operations, and assists in responding 
to system changes. This group enables us to proactively 
respond to system operating issues prior to the need to 
vent or flare. 
Collaborating with Industry and Regulatory 
Agencies 
Targa collaborates extensively with industry groups and 
regulatory agencies to share best practices, evaluate 
innovative technologies, and participate in surveys and 
studies. We also offer midstream-specific training and 
provide asset tours to regulatory agencies. 
Gathering System Flexibility 
The design of our gathering systems often allows us to 
reroute gas when scheduled maintenance or unplanned 
events occur, which makes our operations more reliable 
and stable, thereby reducing unnecessary flaring.
Gas Scheduling 
During maintenance or unplanned events, we work with 
third-party pipeline operators and gas processors to 
transfer gas where possible, helping to reduce the need  
to flare.
Emissions Event Review and Analysis
Targa logs emissions events and associated volumes, 
which local cross functional teams review regularly for 
root causes and solutions. Our Executive team reviews 
summarized data quarterly. This approach allows us 
to implement targeted actions that helps prevent 
unnecessary flaring events and drives continuous 
improvement.
Capturing Maintenance Gas 
To ensure safety during maintenance, equipment and 
pipelines may require shutdowns and gas evacuations. 
Instead of flaring or venting that gas, we can redirect it to 
a low-pressure system and process it, reducing emissions 
and retaining gas within our system.
Compressor Reliability 
Compressors are critical to keep gathered gas flowing. 
By focusing on compressor and compressor engine 
maintenance programs, we enhance operational reliability 
and reduce unplanned flaring and venting.
• Early coordination on project timing
• Anticipating volumes and drilling schedules
• Aligning maintenance activities across systems
• Collaborating with power providers and third 
party pipelines
• Facilitating communication across operational 
and leadership teams
• Analyzing emissions events to implement 
preventative solutions
• Continually evaluating and expanding  
pipeline capacity
• Investing in new technology
242024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Criteria Pollutants 
Our emissions management approach focuses on minimizing emissions from criteria 
pollutants, including volatile organic compounds (VOCs), carbon monoxide (CO), nitrogen 
oxides (NOx), sulfur dioxide (SO2), and particulate matter (PM) through design and work 
processes, such as using electric compression, gas capture and reinjection processes, and 
low NOx burners. 
In 2024, we made significant progress in integrating previously acquired assets to align 
with our established operational and environmental standards. Thanks to these ongoing 
efforts, most of our criteria pollutant emissions decreased compared to 2023. We strive to 
continuously improve our processes and emissions performance.
Criteria Pollutant Emissions
(thousand tons/year) 20231 2024
Nitrogen Oxides (NOX) 8.7 8.4
Carbon Monoxide (CO) 6.8 6.0
Sulfur Dioxide (SO2) 2.8 1.7
Particulate Matter (PM10) 0.6 0.6
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) 8.0 9.2
Total emission rates for reporting facilities 26.9 25.9
Criteria Pollutant Emissions
1  NOx, CO, SO2, and VOC emission totals reported here for 2023 have been revised based on agency review of prior submission.
In 2024, we achieved a 4% reduction in criteria pollutant 
emissions from 2023.
252024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Water 
Management
Water is vital to the health, social, 
and economic well-being of the 
communities where we live and work, 
and is an essential resource for our 
industry and our company. While 
overall water usage is relatively low 
in our industry, we recognize the 
importance of effectively managing 
water and are committed to reducing 
our impact on local water supplies. 
Targa’s environmental management 
program guides our approach to 
managing water resources both 
during construction and while 
operating our facilities.
Responsible Water Use 
High Water Stress Areas 
Our largest routine use of industrial water is for cooling systems in 
natural gas processing plants and fractionation facilities. In 2024, 
we used approximately 2,900 million gallons of water for our cooling 
systems, a slight increase from the previous year driven by our 
record volumes. This water is not contaminated during the cooling 
process, resulting in more than 95% of the water returning to the 
hydrogeologic cycle through evaporation or discharge to surface 
bodies of water. 
When our operations generate contaminated water, we first evaluate 
the feasibility of sending it to reclamation facilities based on the 
commercial availability of a facility. If reclamation is not viable, the 
water is disposed of in permitted disposal wells. In 2024, less than 
2% of cooling water was disposed of after use via permitted Targa-
owned disposal wells. 
Our second-largest use of industrial water is for the maintenance 
and development of underground salt dome wells that store NGLs 
near Mont Belvieu, Texas. When feasible, we store brine water for 
reuse in storage wells, reducing the amount of freshwater needed for 
well development and operation. 
We pressure test new gas pipeline assets using air and nitrogen, 
instead of water, when allowed by project and safety specifications. 
In areas along the Gulf Coast, where water is readily available, Targa 
uses water for pipeline testing. When testing with water, we adhere 
to testing protocols and strive to dispose of the water responsibly. 
In most cases, we can reuse the water in other segments of the 
pipeline, reducing the overall amount of water used.
Targa recognizes the need to limit our water consumption, 
particularly in high water stress areas such as West Texas and 
New Mexico. These areas are prone to drought and other weather-
related risks. Although only 1% of the total volume used for cooling 
water comes from high water stress areas, we actively monitor 
operations in these areas to assess our operational water needs and 
explore potential solutions to further reduce future water usage. For 
example, Targa has mitigated water usage and potential impacts 
from cold weather events by installing air cooling systems as the 
standard design for cooling in our newer gas plants. 
262024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Waste 
Management
Electronic Waste 
Office Waste Management 
Targa champions programs and processes 
designed to provide consistent and proper 
management of waste, including pollution 
prevention strategies, encouraging waste 
minimization, and eliminating waste streams 
where possible. Our Waste Management and 
Minimization Plan guides us through a  
developed system of consistent waste 
identification, classification, minimization, 
handling, and disposal. 
While our sector of the energy industry does 
not generate significant amounts of federally 
regulated hazardous waste, we produce some 
industrial waste that is managed according to 
state or local protocols. The industrial waste 
typically results from scheduled tasks or 
project work, such as pipeline, tank, and vessel 
maintenance, as well as generation of used 
filters, used oil from engines, and general trash. 
We continue to explore and implement more 
sustainable waste management solutions to 
divert waste from landfills.
Electronic waste (e-waste) continues to be an important issue 
due to increased laptop and smart device usage. Plastics used 
to build computers and monitors can contain hazardous flame 
retardants, flat-panel liquid-crystal displays can potentially 
contain mercury, and circuit boards of many electronic devices, 
monitors, and batteries may contain hazardous materials. 
When electronic equipment has reached the end of its useful 
life cycle at Targa, we recycle or donate the equipment to local 
community organizations to extend its useful life and facilitate 
landfill avoidance, where feasible. When electronic equipment 
is processed for recycling, it is sent to a designated location 
where it is broken down, and the parts are separated for 
repurposing.
Electronic waste recycled or remarketed in 2024 included 
1,763 assets, and avoided placing 21,536 lbs of e-waste into 
landfills:
At our corporate offices, we are focused on sustainable 
office design and practices. We utilize recyclable materials in 
breakrooms and common areas. We also are committed to 
reducing our use of and recycling paper, plastic, and cardboard 
items. In our Houston corporate office, Targa sent an estimated 
8,900 pounds of paper in 2024 to be recycled.
With total pounds of paper recycled in our Houston corporate 
office decreasing from 2023, we note that transitioning to digital 
document review and signatures has assisted in additional 
environmental savings and waste minimization. The use of digital 
document signing eliminated an estimated 1,700 pounds of paper 
waste in 2024.
Soil Reuse Project at the Gulf Coast Fractionator (GCF) Facility
In 2024, Targa generated soil through excavation and hydro-excavation activities around the GCF facility during several 
projects. The soil material was staged on-site during these activities, and then sampled for laboratory analysis to confirm the 
soil suitability for reuse. Once results were evaluated and approved, the soil was transported to an adjacent Targa property 
where it was utilized for leveling, grading, and pad development in preparation for future construction. This project reflects 
Targa’s commitment to responsible soils management by minimizing disposal and promoting beneficial reuse of materials.
Equipment Recycle/Remarket Count
Servers 8 / 7
Hard Drives 80 / 226
Laptops 403 / 185 
Monitors 332 / 212
Network Equipment 87 / 34
Printer/Copier 20 / N/A
PCs 30 / 139
CASE STUDY
272024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

We continuously work to implement preventive measures 
that seek to reduce the risk of spills that could impact 
the environment. We focus on secondary containment 
construction design and material, routine inspections, annual 
training, and response drills. If a spill does occur, we utilize a 
cross-functional team that is trained to focus on safety and 
environmental protection. 
Targa continues to utilize the SMARTPLAN™ platform 
to help manage over 300 spill prevention, control, and 
countermeasure (SPCC) plans and three facility response 
plans. These plans detail oil handling operations, spill 
prevention practices, control measures (e.g., secondary 
containment), personnel, equipment, and resources used 
to prevent oil spills and contain, clean up, and mitigate the 
effects of any spills that may occur. 
We use a computer-based training system to conduct 
annual spill prevention and response training for all our 
facility personnel. The training reinforces the importance of 
prevention by conducting routine inspections and equipment 
maintenance. We also review each SPCC plan regularly and 
prioritize keeping each of them up to date.
Spill Prevention and 
Response
282024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Biodiversity and 
Land Stewardship
Environmental 
Desktop 
Review
Limit Impact
Collaborate
Restore
Mitigate
Identify, assess, and evaluate any environmental ecosystem and 
biodiversity topics (such as threatened and endangered species habitats, 
wetlands, etc.). Identify coordinating agencies (federal, state, and local) for 
all projects.
In areas where impacts are identified, determine potential alternative 
scenarios and outcomes related to proposed projects to ascertain any 
avoidance or mitigation measures to limit impacts to protected species 
and ecosystems.
Strive to foster cooperative relationships with landowners and 
stakeholders, including federal, state, and local agencies, to manage and 
limit construction and/or operational impacts to property.
Seek to restore ecosystems and habitat compositions to original or 
equivalent conditions prior to construction and/or operational impacts.
In areas where impacts cannot be avoided, develop and apply 
conservation measures to offset essential project impacts.
In our efforts to be good stewards of the environment, we 
work to protect biodiversity and the land that we use. We 
are committed to limiting our disturbances to biodiversity 
by following our mitigation hierarchy where possible. To 
achieve this, we utilize industry best practices throughout 
the lifecycle of our operations, including conducting 
environmental site assessments prior to construction 
activities and spill prevention measures during active 
operations. We use this hierarchical approach to avoid, 
limit, and mitigate our impacts on biodiversity and land. This 
approach is based on each projects’ specific situation and 
the surrounding environment.
Targa’s Biodiversity Policy
292024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

In 2024, approximately 13% of land owned, leased, 
and operated by Targa was within or near areas of 
protected conservation status, including endangered 
species habitat, as determined by the International 
Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) and USFW’s 
Information for Planning and Consultation (IPaC). 
The increase of Red List Species in Targa’s areas 
of operation this year is due to the IUCN’s updated 
species coverage and the USFW finalizing additional 
species to the endangered and threatened lists. 
We have joined several voluntary USFW 
conservation programs over the years. We are 
enrolled in conservation plans for the Lesser Prairie-
Chicken and Dune Sagebrush Lizard in New Mexico 
and Oklahoma, where our assets intersect with 
habitat for these endangered species. Through our 
enrollment in voluntary conservation programs, 
we continue to employ conservation measures 
for applicable operations. These initiatives include 
adjusting timing for non-emergency operations, 
delaying construction until after 9 a.m., minimizing 
traffic and speed, and restricting off-road travel.
We continue to participate in a North Dakota 
Petroleum Council workgroup to develop a Habitat 
Conservation Plan (HCP) for the Dakota Skipper, a 
butterfly species that was listed as threatened under 
the Endangered Species Act in 2014. The HCP’s goal 
is to help ensure the butterfly’s long-term survival.
Conservation Measures 
Biodiversity and 
Land Stewardship
Management and Oversight  
Targa’s biodiversity and land stewardship practices are 
governed by regulatory and company-driven policies. Our 
Biodiversity Policy guides and outlines how we approach our 
commitments and goals regarding biodiversity protection, 
responsible land use, and restoration. As stated in our policy, 
we identify biodiversity priority areas, including areas of 
protected conservation status or endangered species  
habitat, to develop plans made for each area to limit or  
avoid impacts. 
Our biodiversity practices adhere to applicable laws 
and regulations from key federal agencies, including the 
United States Army Corps of Engineers, Bureau of Land 
Management, Bureau of Indian Affairs, United States Fish and 
Wildlife Service (USFW), National Marine Fisheries Service, 
the EPA, and other applicable state and local agencies. 
We foster cooperative relationships with landowners and 
other stakeholders to successfully manage and alleviate 
construction and/or operational impacts to their property. 
We incorporate biodiversity and land stewardship into the 
planning process of all proposed projects. This includes 
extensive research to identify sensitive habitats as part of our 
biological and species assessments within a proposed  
project footprint.
Red List Species 2024
Number of Red List Species in Targa’s 
areas of operation 57
Critically endangered 8
Endangered 13
Vulnerable 16
Near threatened 9
Least concern 11
302024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

Biodiversity and 
Land Stewardship
Protecting Waterways During Construction
To limit disruptions to water bodies and other sensitive 
ecosystems during construction activities, we employ several 
strategies, including:
Horizontal directional drilling:  
This practice allows us to install pipelines underground with 
limited surface disturbance, protecting nearby waterways 
and ecosystems. 
Pipeline rerouting:  
When feasible, we adjust pipeline routes to avoid sensitive 
areas altogether, ensuring limited environmental impacts.
Enhanced sediment and erosion control practices: 
We implement industry best management practices for 
sediment and erosion control to limit runoff that could 
potentially pollute water bodies.
Land Use
At Targa, we are dedicated to responsible  
restoration of land used for our facilities and 
pipelines. This process is guided by both our 
Biodiversity Policy and our land lease agreements. 
Following construction, we prioritize restoring 
rights-of-way by reseeding the area with native 
grasses sourced from local suppliers, based on 
specifications agreed upon by both Targa and the 
landowner. We also conduct inspections to monitor 
the effectiveness of the native grass seed growth. 
We intentionally focus on being good stewards of 
the land, which involves giving extra attention to 
areas impacted by construction and restoration of 
rights-of-way. As part of this objective, we track and 
address potential long-term environmental impacts 
and associated costs when an asset retires. 
Further, we work to facilitate the surface land’s 
return to its original state as required by legal, 
contractual, and regulatory requirements. This 
practice also aligns with industry best management 
practices and with our focus on being a good 
neighbor and environmental steward. When 
necessary, environmental assessments are 
conducted to evaluate subsurface conditions and 
determine the most suitable remediation and 
restoration approaches for land no longer used in our 
operations. We actively collaborate with landowners 
and agencies to re-establish native vegetation 
and strive to exceed regulatory standards in our 
remediation and restoration practices.
312024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword
Environmental Social GovernanceSafety Data & Disclosures

32 Safety
33  Safety Management and Oversight 
34 Workforce Safety & Performance
36 Safety Training
37 Driver and Vehicle Safety
38 Contractor Safety
40 Process Safety Management
41 Asset Integrity Management
42 Facility Maintenance and Safety
43 Pipeline Safety
44 Emergency Response Planning and Preparedness
Safety is the fundamental driver underpinning our operations. 
We cultivate a safety-first culture and maintain rigorous 
standards that continuously exceed the industry. By striving 
to protect our workforce, the public, and our assets, we are 
taking steps to safeguard our Company’s success.

Safety Management and Oversight
Targa champions a culture of safety across the entire organization, resulting in stronger and 
more resilient operations. We invest in programs that safeguard our employees and the 
communities in which we operate. We empower every single employee to take an active 
role in the overall safety of our Company. At Targa, we use the phrase “Achieve Zero” as we 
continue to seek to deliver our products and services without injuries. 
Key safety performance indicators are reported weekly and reviewed regularly by our 
operational leaders and quarterly by members of our senior leadership and Executive team. 
Senior leadership and members of the Executive team report our safety performance 
quarterly to our Board of Directors. 
Our ES&H Policy is our framework integrating safety performance into all of our business 
activities. Targa continually reviews the ES&H Policy to ensure we align with or exceed 
operational best practices, the latest regulatory developments, and stakeholder expectations. 
Our Integrated Management System (IMS) is how we put our ES&H Policy into action. Targa’s 
IMS is an integrated, company-wide platform that helps to manage and reduce risks in our 
operations, including safety risks. It is designed to facilitate achieving regulatory compliance 
and a positive safety culture that focuses on information sharing and personal accountability. 
Subject-matter experts within our businesses develop our safety programs and standards, 
with oversight and governance by our legal team and members of Targa’s Executive team. Our 
safety specialists, engineers, and operational leadership teams implement these programs 
and standards into our everyday operations. These programs and standards are designed 
to comply with regulatory requirements and integrate industry best practices, as well as 
insights gained from within our organization. The programs and standards get reviewed 
regularly, updated as needed, and made available to all employees through our intranet.
In 2024, Targa received a total of 15 Midstream Safety 
Recognition Awards.
Integrated Management System Elements:
Management  
Policies, Standards,  
and Procedures
Evaluation of 
Compliance
Roles and 
Responsibilities
Engineering 
Standards and 
Operational 
Controls
Measurement 
and Key 
Performance 
Indicators
Training and 
Evaluation
Document 
Control Records Management 
Review
Corrective and 
Preventative 
Action
PERFORMANCE MANAGEM
ENT
LEADERSHIP ACCOUNTABILITY
CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT
STANDARDIZATION
Public Safety  
& Awareness
Employee & 
Contractor 
Safety
Pipeline, 
Storage,  
& Process 
Safety
Air, Water  
& Waste 
Compliance
Emergency 
Preparedness
Committed to 
Protecting Our 
Communities, People 
and Environment
ACHIEVE
ZERO
Safety
332024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

*United States Department of Labor Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) – Total recordable injuries and illnesses multiplied by 200,000 and 
divided by total employee work hour.
22% reduction in TRIR 
since 2021.
Workforce Safety & Performance
At Targa, safety is the fundamental value underpinning our operations. Each year we identify and outline 
new strategic safety goals to continually strengthen our safety culture and strive to “Achieve Zero”.
We continuously monitor our safety performance and benchmark relative to our industry peers using 
information reported by GPA Midstream, our primary midstream industry association. We strive to exceed 
the GPA Midstream average each year. In 2024, GPA Midstream reported a TRIR of 0.613. While our TRIR 
has decreased 22% from 2021 levels, our TRIR was slightly higher than the GPA Midstream average. This 
fluctuation in performance was largely driven by a higher number of minor reportable injuries—most 
commonly slips, trips, and falls. In response to this, Targa raises awareness of these types of incidents 
at our all employee meetings and Operations focuses on body position and other mediation with field 
employees. With our TRIR increase in 2024, we have implemented targeted safety initiatives to drive 
improvement and reinforce a strong safety culture across our operations.
To support our “Achieve Zero” objective and preserve a culture of transparency, we choose not to set 
specific incident rate targets or tie compensation to performance, as these actions could inadvertently 
encourage underreporting. Instead, we strive to “Achieve Zero” by cultivating a transparent and proactive 
safety culture, and have had periods during 2024 with zero incidents.
Employee Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR*)
0.20
0.40
0.60
0.80
1.00
1.20
0.00
0.99 0.73 0.74 0.77
20222021 2023 2024
In 2024, we established various specialized Safety 
Charter Teams. Two of these teams address and 
prevent minor reportable injuries such as slips, trips, 
and falls. By emphasizing proper body positioning on 
job sites and integrating safety moments into daily 
routines, we aim to raise awareness and proactively 
mitigate risks associated with these incidents.
ACHIEVE
ZERO
Safety
342024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

• Safe Work Permit System
• Safety Notifications • Supervisor Observations• Safety Training
• Critical Risks • Targa TAKE 10 • Field Safety Reports
• Job Safety Analysis • Monthly Safety 
Focus
• New Hire Safety 
Orientation
• Injury Investigation
We proactively implement safety programs and initiatives such as: 
In addition to these programs, all Targa employees have direct access to the Donesafe platform, which 
captures hazards, near misses, and safety suggestions. In Donesafe, employees can submit field safety 
reports, which are reviewed and addressed by operational leaders. These field safety reports identify issues 
and workplace hazards, generate actionable measures for work orders, and play a crucial role in proactively 
preventing safety incidents. Donesafe allows employees to engage directly with leadership while driving 
opportunities for real-time improvements that fit the needs of our workforce.
STOP WORK AUTHORITY 
Every Targa employee and contractor 
has the responsibility and authority to 
immediately stop work without fear 
of reprisal if they believe conditions 
pose a danger to personnel, the 
environment, or equipment. Our 
training encourages stopping work 
when unsafe conditions are identified, 
promoting our safety culture.
Hazard Identification  
and TAKE 10 
We train our employees on the 
Targa TAKE 10 concept. We 
encourage every employee to take 
10 moments to evaluate potential 
hazards and risks before starting 
work. 
2,250+
3,390+
Donesafe reports 
submitted in 2024, 
proactively avoiding 
potential safety hazards
field safety observations 
completed in 2024, to 
promote compliance with 
Targa’s safety program
Safety
352024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Safety Training
2024 Safety Training Achievements
74,151
309 2,416 100% 
112,230 12,178
Targa integrates safety training in everything we do. We require and conduct comprehensive 
safety training for our employees through a variety of mediums, such as in-person, online, 
and asynchronous. In September 2024, we implemented a new Learning Management 
System (LMS) for employees. This comprehensive system offers position-specific safety 
training, as well as job site and contractor-specific modules. We conduct formal safety 
training during orientation for every newly hired field employee, which includes an overview 
of safety procedures and protocols. Targa’s critical focus on new hire safety training 
prioritizes safety across our company and equips employees with the skills and knowledge 
to prevent and respond to safety incidents from day one. We continually review and refresh 
our safety training to identify potential risks or outdated protocols.
Targa's Safety Training Matrix defines training curriculums by 
employees’ job category and is core to our enhanced approach to 
workforce safety training and management. The Safety Training 
Matrix creates clear communication and expectations to ensure 
compliance with regulations while promoting a culture of safety.
hours of safety 
and environmental 
training
employees completed 
new hire field safety 
orientation 
people completed 
Contractor 
Orientation training
of all contractors who 
perform work for Targa 
are required to complete 
necessary training
completed courses 
of instructor-led and 
computer-based training
hours of job-specific 
training
Targa’s Safety 
Training Matrix: 
Clarity and Continuous 
Improvement
Efficiency in  
Training Delivery
Organized 
Training Planning
Compliance and 
Regulation
Documentation and 
Accountability 
Safety
362024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Driver and Vehicle Safety
Driver safety is critical to Targa’s safety program. Our protocols protect our employees and 
limit incidents on the road. We utilize strict safety measures including tracking vehicles 
safety performance and utilizing in-vehicle monitoring (IVM), among other initiatives, for 
employees operating company-owned and company-leased vehicles.
Our IVM’s reminder system warns drivers of potential safety concerns. The IVM uses a 
monitoring system to collect vehicle information and produce a driver risk score. Drivers 
with a higher score may be enrolled in our high-risk driver program, which provides 
education to improve driving practices. For example, the IVM provides driver braking data to 
managers identifying additional areas for improvement and coaching opportunities.
As part of our targeted efforts to reduce our motor vehicle accidents, in 2024, we added 
new training for employees enrolled in the high-risk driver program. These training courses 
are aimed at improving driver performance over time to transition employees out of the 
high-risk program after ample IVM monitoring and risk score improvement. Additionally, 
we plan to expand our driver monitoring program in 2025 which is aimed at reducing and 
eliminating distracted driving associated with cellphone usage. As a Company, we believe 
we can “Achieve Zero” and plan to continue implementing measures to improve our 
performance.
Our Targa Transports team, which delivers propane 
and other NGLs across the United States, continues to 
maintain a strong safety performance record. In 2024, we 
outperformed the national safety standards, reporting an 
Out of Service (OOS) vehicle rate of 7 .9% in comparison to 
the national average of 22.3%, and a driver OOS rate of 1.2%, 
significantly below the national average of 6.7%. These 
impressive OOS safety rates were achieved despite an 
increase of over 410,000 miles traveled in 2024 compared to 
2023, for a total of nearly 7 .4 million miles.
Safety
372024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Contractor Safety
Contractors are essential to our operations, and we actively involve them in all aspects of 
safety. Our contractors are required to: 
• Acknowledge and comply with Targa’s 
Supplier Code of Conduct
• Provide contractor safety metrics 
and adhere to regular performance 
evaluations 
• Report all incidents and share insights 
from incident investigations 
• Adhere to applicable laws, regulations, 
and industry standards 
• Fulfill all contractual obligations 
• Participate in site- and project-specific 
safety orientations 
Contractor Prequalification
When choosing a service provider, we utilize multiple third-party organizations, such as 
ISNetworld® (ISN), a nationally recognized contractor safety management service, to verify 
if a provider is prequalified to be assigned work. To prequalify and be approved for work, 
the contractor or service provider must have a grade in the ISN system that we deem as 
“satisfactory” or better. Targa evaluates contractor risk using several criteria including but 
not limited to:
Before hiring contractors performing certain pipeline tasks, we review operator qualification 
(OQ) records, as required by regulation. For this process, we utilize nationally recognized 
contractor safety management services like ISN alongside approved third-party qualification 
providers to monitor compliance with United States Pipeline and Hazardous Materials 
Safety Administration (PHMSA) OQ requirements.
• Minimum insurance coverage, as 
specified by Targa’s corporate risk 
requirements
• On-the-job fatalities during the 
previous three years
• Regulatory citations received during 
the previous three years
• Implementation of a compliant drug & 
alcohol program, when applicable
• Environmental releases or spills during 
the previous three years
• Safety performance and risk 
measurements, such as TRIR and Days 
Away, Restricted or Transferred (DART)
• Participate in and complete safety 
meetings, worksite inspections, and 
audits 
As part of our ongoing contractor performance monitoring, in 
2024, Targa expanded our contractor ISN scorecard criteria 
to further strengthen contractor safety management and the 
selection process. This initiative further cements the continuous 
improvement of our safety systems. 
Safety
382024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Evaluating our contractor safety results is critical to choosing the right partners. We 
conduct third party contractor safety audits as well as internal evaluations to assess our 
contractors’ compliance with regulatory and contractual requirements. Targa employees 
collaborate with contractors daily to foster a safe and environmentally responsible 
workplace. Additionally, we participate in the FAN Group, an industry group within ISN that 
conducts audits of a common pool of contractors and shares the findings across member 
companies, enabling broader audit coverage and enhancing overall safety performance 
across the industry. In 2024, the FAN Group completed 34 contractor audits, of which Targa 
completed 13. 
Contractor Audits 
Available incident rate information can be found in the Performance Tables and EIC 
Midstream Template section of this Report.
Reporting Contractor Metrics
Strong contractor management is key to 
sustainability. ISN’s tools, like the FAN Group 
and Midstream Roundtables, help us keep 
safety and compliance first while building a 
better, greener future together.
Zach S. 
Senior Manager Safety
Safety
392024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Process Safety Management
Targa’s process safety management program is designed to prevent operational incidents through comprehensive 
management practices, such as hazard identification, risk assessments, operating procedures, training, and incident 
investigation. These comprehensive practices help us maintain process safety across all our assets, including pipelines 
and storage facilities.
Across our organization, specific safety committees oversee process safety and report to Targa’s operational 
management. These committees are responsible for overseeing the implementation of process safety across our assets, 
including the oversight and application of OSHA’s 14 elements of Process Safety Management. Additionally, these 
committees meet regularly to discuss process safety activities, monitor progress, and further our safety initiatives. These 
teams also conduct several regulatory compliance audits throughout the year, demonstrating our continued dedication 
to process safety management.
As part of our ongoing commitment to safety management and improvement, we review and develop operating 
procedures in line with our company guidelines and operating procedure template. Additionally, we continued utilizing 
and building our semi-quantitative approach to hazard and operability (HAZOP) studies, aimed at estimating risk based 
on the uniform risk matrix, and on industry published frequency rates and implementing preventative recommendations 
as needed. These standardization efforts help reduce the risk of accidents and increase productivity across sites.
Targa applies the OSHA 14 Elements of Process Safety Management
Safety 
Compliance 
Audits
13 Trade Secret 
Protection14
Process Safety 
Information1 Process Hazard 
Analysis2 Operating 
Procedure3 Employee 
Participation4 Process Safety 
Management 
Training
5
Contractor 
Training6 Pre-Startup 
Safety Review7 Mechanical 
Integrity8 Hot Work 
Permits9 Management 
of Change 
Process
10
Incident 
Investigation/
Accident 
Investigation
11 Emergency 
Planning and 
Emergency 
Response
12
In 2024, we established various 
specialized Safety Charter Teams. 
These teams analyze safety data, 
investigate incidents, and identify 
trends and areas for improvement 
within specific safety domains. 
We launched this effort with the 
formation of the Fire Prevention 
Charter Team. This team drives 
improvements in fire prevention and 
response.
Safety
402024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Asset Integrity Management
Targa operates a vast network of critical energy infrastructure. Maintaining the highest level of asset integrity 
ensures our facilities are properly designed, maintained, and managed to support reliable delivery, safe operations, 
and strong asset run times. 
Asset integrity refers to the proper design, maintenance, and management of physical assets, such as equipment, 
structures, and facilities, to ensure their reliability, availability, and safe operation throughout their life cycle. This 
includes regular inspections, maintenance, and repairs to help prevent equipment failures, corrosion, and other 
forms of degradation.
We monitor for corrosion across all assets using real-time monitoring and data analysis. In 2024, we fully 
implemented a corrosion control Pipeline Compliance System (PCS) software and database across all business 
units and assets. The enterprise-wide adoption of the PCS enables us to proactively identify potential deficiencies, 
allowing for more efficient mitigation and resolution. Additionally, Targa’s Asset Integrity Management Program 
includes internal and external audits of facilities and pipelines. Each audit is aimed at improving our asset 
performance by identifying gaps, creating action items, and addressing those action items quickly. 
By the end of 2024, we completed a process to load and digitize 100% of our G&P assets into our Integrated 
Database Management System (IDMS). In 2025, we continue to incorporate other parts of our business into  
the IDMS.
• Pressure Vessel, Piping, and 
Tank Inspections
• Smart Tool Inspections
• Internal Pipe Cleaning Tools
• Fitness for Service Evaluations
• Control System Device Testing
• Fired Heater and Boiler 
Inspections
• Corrosion Monitoring
• Chemical Corrosion Inhibition 
• Corrosion Coupons
• Coating Assessment Surveys
• Emergency Shutdown System 
Device Testing
• Close-Interval Surveys
• Automated Data Analysis 
• Pressure Relief Device 
Inspection, Testing, and 
Overhauls
Multiple layers of Targa’s Asset Integrity Management Program:
Safety
412024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Facility Maintenance and Safety
Targa maintains a commitment to ensuring a high level of integrity of our assets. We construct 
and operate all assets according to established engineering standards and best practices. We 
continue to expand the use of innovative technologies, such as data mining, to enhance our 
predictive maintenance capabilities and improve our incident preparedness processes.
At Targa, we employ a best in class workforce of experienced maintenance personnel. We 
conduct ongoing training for employees and contractors driving best practices tailored to the 
specific needs of our assets. Our employees, operational leaders, and contractors are active 
participants in reviewing and updating our standard operating procedures and validating our 
operational hazard assessments.
Comprehensive Maintenance Program at Targa 
Preventative Maintenance
We rigorously conduct maintenance on each major piece of 
equipment. This includes adhering to or exceeding the recommended 
maintenance schedules from the Original Equipment Manufacturer 
(OEM) manuals and leveraging our extensive experience operating 
midstream assets to maintain operational excellence and reliability.
Predictive Maintenance
We proactively leverage our robust predictive maintenance and 
data analytics to identify potential issues and promptly implement 
corrective measures to promote optimal performance and reliability 
and avoid unexpected downtime.
Corrective Maintenance 
We promptly address equipment malfunctions to promote safety 
and reliability and to reduce unexpected downtime. We thoroughly 
investigate incidents to identify causes and implement actions to 
help prevent future occurrences, including operational changes, 
enhanced communication with suppliers and pipeline operators, or 
investment in new projects and technology. 
Comprehensive Maintenance Program
At Targa, a critical part of our maintenance program is our Enterprise Asset Management 
system (EAM). Our EAM uses technology to improve operational sustainability and asset 
safety, supporting regulatory compliance in the relevant jurisdictions. In response to field 
employee feedback, in 2024, Targa made improvements to our EAM, showing more detailed 
component information. This maintenance management enhancement improves failure 
analytics and drives improved decision-making around training and equipment application. 
We successfully transitioned our asset integrity programs from a site-specific and regional 
focus to a company-wide and centralized focus, incorporating best practices from each 
of our operations. This transition enabled us to implement a standardized asset hierarchy 
model across the organization, ensuring consistent maintenance practices for similar assets, 
regardless of location, promoting efficiency and consistency enterprise-wide while reducing 
the number of work orders.
Safety
422024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Pipeline Safety 
Targa’s large natural gas and liquid pipeline systems traverse varied terrains, 
communities, and environments. As such, we are extremely diligent in managing our 
pipeline safety. We work to ensure all pipelines are compliant with federal, state, and 
local regulations.
24/7 System Monitoring
Valve Inspections, Leak Surveys, 
 and Pipeline Marking
Cleaning Pigs Prevent Corrosion
Smart Pigs  In-Line 
Inspections
Protective Coating  and 
Pipeline Replacement
Weld X-Rays
Pressure and
Temperature Sensors
Aerial Inspection
and Patrol
• Complete regular visual inspections 
of pipeline right-of-way by air and 
ground 
• Maintain pipeline integrity 
management programs 
• Maintain control room management 
programs 
• Maintain corrosion control program 
• Communicate with stakeholders 
through pipeline public awareness 
and liaison programs 
• Conduct employee trainings 
(Operator Qualification)
• Conduct routine pipeline operations 
and maintenance
• Conduct aerial-based leak detection
Targa’s Pipeline Safety Management
We utilize an asset database alongside satellite imagery to help verify stakeholder 
proximity and urban development near our assets. Targa uses this data to shape our 
communications protocols when activity, such as new construction, is occurring 
nearby. We complete targeted maintenance through increased digitization and 
monitoring, which improves operational efficiency, human capital allocation, and spill 
and leak prevention. Further, we proactively update policies and procedures to remain 
compliant with changing and emerging regulations and aligned with industry best 
practices. 
As part of our efforts in asset reliability and methane management, in 2024, we 
implemented a pipeline rehabilitation project within our gas gathering operations. 
Through pipeline rehabilitation, we can systematically replace lines to increase the 
reliability and sustainability of our pipeline assets. 
Examples of Targa’s robust safety management program 
protocols:
Safety
432024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Emergency Response 
Planning and Preparedness
We take pride in being a responsible and reliable member of our 
community. We have established processes to prevent and respond 
to a wide range of emergencies. These processes are designed 
to protect our people—including employees, contractors, and 
communities—as well as our facilities and assets.
Emergency Response Program 
 
Targa has a best in class Crisis Management Plan. Our plan aligns 
with our ES&H Policy and is overseen by our Executive team. The plan 
ensures that all necessary resources are available and accessible to 
our employees should an emergency occur. If an incident or emergency 
occurs, a team trained in root cause analysis investigates the incident, 
and the findings and relevant action items are reviewed in a safety 
meeting, which may include members of the Executive team.
Emergency Response Drill Planning
We conduct annual emergency response drill planning to identify risks 
that would require emergency preparedness and response efforts. 
This planning effort involves a collective of employees spanning 
pipelines, facilities, and established emergency response teams at the 
regional, site, and unit levels. These teams can respond quickly and 
efficiently to the needs of our operations. Each site has established 
specific emergency response plans to safeguard the facility and its 
unique needs. The plans are updated regularly to align with best 
practices and site-specific needs.
In 2024, we conducted 23 pipeline emergency response drills.
Safety
442024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Emergency Response Drills and Outreach 
Targa conducts regular comprehensive emergency response training 
and drills for all operational and support employees to enhance 
the effectiveness of our emergency response plans. We actively 
engage first responders in the planning and execution of emergency 
drills whenever possible and have developed a proactive process to 
coordinate participation with volunteer first responder organizations. 
These drills are designed to mirror situations that could occur in 
our facilities or across our pipelines. Throughout these sessions, we 
inform employees of the Incident Command System (ICS), educating 
employees on the system and first responders’ response plans for 
operational-related emergencies. 
Targa frequently participates in Local Emergency Planning 
Committee (LEPC) meetings and connects with local first 
responders to further strengthen our emergency response efforts. 
We routinely provide local fire departments with information about 
our plans and procedures to enable first responders to prepare 
for potential incidents to increase the safety of all involved. Targa 
also participates in pipeline safety meetings specific to excavation 
contractors and first responders. In 2024, we completed 23 drills on 
gas gathering and hazardous liquid pipelines. 
Plant Control Rooms 
Each of our gas processing plants and fractionators are monitored 24-hours a day in dedicated control rooms. 
These serve as a central area of monitoring for facilities and associated gathering systems and are staffed 
continuously by highly trained operating personnel. The facilities and associated gathering systems, including 
pipelines, are marked with signage providing contact numbers for our control rooms if an emergency were to occur. 
Pipeline Control Rooms 
Targa has three centralized pipeline control rooms that monitor and control the regulated natural gas and liquid 
pipelines within our operations. Targa’s Control Room Management Plan (CRM) outlines the operations for each 
control room, ensuring consistency and best practices among them all. Additionally, Targa uses the POEMS® 
software to maintain consistent documentation and accurate data for reviewing required elements of the CRM 
programs. The staff within these control rooms—our pipeline controllers—receive specific training on emergency 
response. This training includes identification, notification, verification, and implementation of actions to isolate a 
release. 
In certain emergencies, quick and efficient access to emergency responders can improve the safety of a situation. 
Targa continually updates our geographic information system to provide direct access to a Public Safety Answering 
Point database. This access enhances our ability to contact emergency responders and reduces response times to 
the site if needed.
Emergency Response 
Planning and Preparedness
We organized a voluntary drill with a 
charitable foundation in Bee County that 
achieved 100% participation from all 
emergency response agencies in the county.
Safety
452024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Facility Weatherization 
Our assets are key to facilitating the supply of natural gas for electricity generation. We 
have implemented planning and readiness protocols across our operations, especially 
around our gathering, processing, and transportation assets. These protocols are designed 
to increase the dependability of our assets during extreme weather events. Our operations 
plans are developed and continually updated, as needed, to ensure our assets remain 
fully equipped with the needed resources and personnel to remain resilient during severe 
weather conditions. We develop and execute site-specific plans based on the risk profiles 
of the region.
When experiencing an extreme weather event, we closely monitor our operations, keeping 
additional resources and personnel on standby and ready to respond, as needed. We 
are committed to working in partnership with industry stakeholders and regulators to 
continually enhance our weather preparedness efforts, thereby promoting the safe and 
reliable supply of energy.
Public Safety and Awareness 
We strive to keep the public safe and well-informed. Through Targa’s Public Awareness 
Program, we have implemented touchpoints that cover Targa pipelines and are centered 
around the active engagement of our stakeholders. These touchpoints seek to increase 
awareness and prevent potential safety incidents, including preventing accidental damage to 
communities as a result of third-party efforts, such as excavation, construction, farming, and 
homeowner maintenance. 
The program allows us to provide pipeline safety materials to those within our communities, 
near our pipeline easements, and surrounding other operational assets. The materials 
we send contain information about our pipelines, covering reliability, damage prevention, 
locating and recognizing a leak, and reporting emergencies. Beyond these materials, we 
collaborate with the public and first responders through a variety of community engagement 
opportunities. These include regular county fairs, landowner picnics, and school activities.
Additionally, Targa participates in traditional, state-administered 
One-Call damage prevention programs. This provides community 
members with an emergency number (811) to call if attention is 
required. It also helps ensure all pipelines are located and marked 
before any type of excavation work occurs. PHMSA hosts an annual 
811 Day that informs the public about the practice of safe digging. 
We participate in this event every year and help contribute to public 
education throughout the year.
Emergency Response 
Planning and Preparedness
Safety
462024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Social GovernanceEnvironmental Data & Disclosures

Targa’s people and culture are the foundation of everything we do. Every day, 
we work to deliver safe, reliable energy products that fuel the economy and 
help improve quality of life both locally and globally. This is made possible 
because of the strong relationships we have developed with employees, 
landowners, and the communities we serve. 
47 Social
48 Employee Engagement
54 Recruitment and Retention
56 Supply Chain Management
59 Community and Landowner Engagement
60 Indigenous Peoples
61 Partners in the Community

Employee Engagement 
At Targa, we put people first. We are committed to fostering meaningful employee 
engagement and strive to support our employees in ways that align with both their 
professional goals and personal lives. We demonstrate this commitment through our 
comprehensive benefits package, bespoke employee development programs, culture 
of open communication, and support for our employees throughout critical moments 
in their lives, such as recovering from an extreme weather disaster or sponsoring 
continued education.
Our culture of innovation and collaboration remains one of the ways we find success as 
a safe and reliable operator. By prioritizing the recruitment, retention, and development 
of top talent, we maintain our industry-leading position while fostering positive change 
in the communities where we operate. Our nearly 3,400 employees are key to driving 
sustainable business growth at Targa, and our focus on recruitment and retention also 
positively impacts the communities in which our employees live and work. Our people 
are key to driving sustainable business growth at Targa.
Employee Benefits
At Targa, the health and success of our business is dependent on the health and success 
of our people. As such, we prioritize a comprehensive benefits approach that supports 
our employees’ physical health, mental wellness, and financial health. We conduct an 
annual employee benefits analysis to drive our competitive benefits package. Based on 
the results of the annual assessment, we will adjust to meet—and at times exceed—the 
needs of employees and the expectations of our industry, where feasible and sensible.
Social
482024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Targa’s Employee Benefits
Completed the transition 
of Health Savings Accounts 
(HSAs) and Flexible Spending 
Accounts (FSAs) to Fidelity 
where we already administer 
our 401(k) and stock program 
enabling one access point for 
our employees.
Consolidated our medical 
insurance provider to one, and 
we continue to pay majority 
of costs on behalf of our 
employees.
Reduced the copay for mental 
health services to $0. Expanded 
mental health services and 
benefits through a new 
Employee Assistant Program 
(EAP) that increased ease and 
access in areas where our 
employees live and work.
Introduced an online 
discount marketplace to help 
employees save money on a 
variety of everyday items in an 
inflationary environment at no 
additional cost.
Launched CariLoop, a Family 
and Caregiver Support 
Program that connects 
employees to care coaches 
who assist with caring for an 
adult or child at no additional 
cost to employees.
2024 Benefits Enhancements
Additionally, Targa covers these benefits at no cost to employees:
Medical, prescription, 
dental, and vision 
coverage
Health Savings 
Accounts (HSAs) and 
Flexible Spending 
Accounts (FSAs)
401(k) with up to 8% 
company-sponsored 
contribution
Caregiver 
support
Basic Life and 
Accidental Death 
& Dismemberment 
(AD&D)
Parental 
leave 
Volunteer 
Time Off
Critical Illness, 
Hospital Confinement 
and Accident support
Employee 
Assistance 
Program (EAP)
Diabetes and 
cardiovascular 
programs
Short- and long-
term disability 
programs
Social
492024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Financial Wellness
Targa continues to focus on supporting employees’ financial wellness by providing a 
comprehensive and easily accessible financial benefit offering platform. Employees can 
access their FSA, HSA, and 401(k) accounts through Fidelity, a streamlined approach that 
grants our employees one access point to view and manage their financial well-being. 
Additionally, through collaboration with Fidelity, we offer a repository of articles, videos, 
workshops, and interactive tools to educate our employees and empower them to make 
informed financial decisions. 
In addition to promoting financial platform accessibility, we prioritize helping our people 
prepare for retirement. We provide our employees with a 3% company-sponsored base 
contribution to their 401(k)s. We also offer employees an additional match program, 
where Targa will match 401(k) contributions up to an additional 5%. 
I am grateful that Targa offers the TRERO 
program, which provides critical support to 
employees facing the aftermath of natural 
disasters. It has been powerful to witness 
firsthand how this meaningful resource has 
helped our colleagues recover and rebuild 
during some of life’s most challenging 
moments. 
Bill G. 
Vice President of Operations
The Targa Resources Employee Relief Organization (TRERO) supports our employees’ 
financial resilience by providing needed support due to unforeseen hardships that may 
occur due to catastrophic weather related events. TRERO financially aids employees’ 
recovery from unexpected emergencies through a tax-free grant. In 2024, TRERO provided 
over $200,000 in financial assistance to support employees in response to struggles they 
faced as a result of extreme weather events, including tornadoes and hurricanes. 
Targa Resources Employee Relief Organization
Our competitive benefits include a superior matching program where 
employees receive up to an 8% 401(k) contribution from Targa.
Social
502024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Learning and Development
At Targa, investing in our employees’ growth and development is critical to our success. 
We offer our employees skill-specific training and career development programs to 
support them in their current and future roles at Targa. In 2024, we implemented a new, 
centralized Learning Management System (LMS) to further enhance our ability to manage 
and evaluate training information, providing an improved experience for our employees 
and leaders. 
Our focus on developing our people begins day one. New hires receive an onboarding 
orientation, including additional relevant training where applicable. Following onboarding, 
each department provides continuous, job-relevant training to employees. In addition 
to Company-led training, we provide employees access to Udemy Business, an online 
learning platform which offers nearly 30,000 top-rated, engaging courses.
We host a variety of tailored programming to support Targa employees with professional 
development opportunities. For early talent, we offer an internship program for current 
college students and an Analyst Development Program (ADP) for recent college graduates. 
The ADP program is a three-year rotational program that provides skill-specific and 
general professional development throughout different departments. Upon successful 
completion of the ADP , participants transition into permanent positions at Targa.
While the ADP program supports early career development across our non-engineering 
corporate functions, we also offer an Engineering Development Program (EDP) in support 
of talent within a technical career path. The EDP is a 2-year program with three 8-month 
rotations that provides participants with a broad foundation in engineering. These include 
hands-on experience in field engineering, project engineering, and engagement with 
technical or shared services teams. The program is structured to equip early-career 
engineers with the multifaceted skills and experience needed to succeed in a variety of 
technical roles within the organization.
In 2024, 100% of our graduating ADP participants were offered full 
time positions with Targa after completion of the program
The development program has been more than what I could have hoped for. It has given 
me the opportunity to collaborate with entry-level professionals, subject matter experts, 
and upper management. This has provided me with visibility and insight that have been 
beneficial to my career growth. It has also exposed me to different career paths that have 
allowed me to explore new interests and better define my professional goals. I have met 
amazing people along the way and built lifelong bonds. Targa’s culture is second to none 
and fosters an environment where growth, support, and innovation are truly valued. I have 
had the opportunity to challenge myself, contribute meaningfully to projects, and gain 
experiences that will stay with me throughout my career.
Career Specific Development
Tor y J. 
EDP participant
Social
512024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Targa’s Learning and Development 
Programs and Initiatives:
Early Talent 
Development
Training 
Programs
Career Specific Development
As part of a career at Targa, we offer extensive corporate 
and job-specific training. Additionally, our employees have 
regular check-ins with their managers to discuss performance. 
Employees undergo formal, annual performance reviews, 
which provide feedback on performance for the year and 
opportunities to discuss growth within the organization. Targa 
also conducts all employee meetings where our employees 
have the opportunity to engage with our Executive team. 
Employees are encouraged to submit questions ahead of 
the meetings to the Executive team, allowing for direct 
engagement during each meeting.
Targa takes a thoughtful approach to our employees’ growth, 
with an emphasis on internal mobility. We provide opportunities 
for employees to work towards promotion within their current 
department or pursue internal transfers to other departments 
of professional interest. For example, we offer leadership 
training programs that include one-on-one coaching for 
employees moving into managerial roles.
Internship program 
for current college 
students
Work Study  
Program for high 
school students
Analyst Development 
Program for recent 
college graduates 
Engineering 
Development Program 
for recent engineering 
graduates
Development 
Technicians Program 
for aspiring technicians 
On-the-job 
training
Leadership 
training 
Udemy Business 
Training Platform
Career 
Development
Annual 
performance 
reviews 
Internal 
promotions 
and transfers
Career
Paths
Educational 
reimbursement
In 2024, 16% of new positions were filled 
internally. Of the leadership positions we 
hired for in 2024, 53% were filled internally.
Targa’s Learning Management System
In 2024, we implemented our new, company-wide LMS 
which enables Targa to manage and track employee training 
in a centralized platform. This allows leadership and people 
managers to assign training and review the employees’ 
training profile within a centralized system. The company-
wide LMS system increases automation while ensuring that all 
required regulatory and compliance training is completed by 
employees each year.
Social
522024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Belonging at Targa
We strive to create a work environment where all our employees 
feel valued and respected for their unique perspectives 
and backgrounds. By building a workforce that reflects the 
communities in which we operate, we foster a strong sense 
of belonging and a culture that values a variety of skillsets. We 
provide an equal opportunity workplace that is informed by our 
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy and Code of Conduct. 
To support workforce belonging, we embed relevant efforts into 
our overall corporate recruitment strategy. We seek to ensure 
open positions are accessible to all within our communities by 
listing and amplifying job openings through various job boards 
and organizations. 
Employee Recognition
Our formal Employee Recognition Program provides leaders with 
a means to acknowledge and celebrate employee contributions 
through our Employee Recognition Tool. Leaders can nominate 
employees for exemplary work in a variety of categories. 
Nominated employees receive Company recognition and a gift 
card to the Targa store. In 2024, 600 Employee Recognition 
Awards were issued with over $84,000 in gift cards to the Targa 
Company Store. 
Social
532024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Recruitment and Retention
Targa’s success is driven by the strength, skill, and size of our workforce. As such,  
we are dedicated to hiring and investing in top talent. We proactively plan for future 
staffing needs, especially in areas that require highly skilled and specialized workers who 
can be challenging to source and onboard quickly. Recognizing that our employees drive 
the success of our business, we prioritize collaboration between field teams and our 
human resources team to ensure hiring efforts are supported by necessary resources  
and personnel. 
We execute a comprehensive recruitment strategy to reach a broad and skilled set of 
candidates. This includes posting our roles on our career page and external job boards, 
attending career fairs, and partnering with educational institutions. To date, we have 
established academic partnerships with the Colorado School of Mines, University of  
Texas Permian Basin, Oklahoma State University, Texas A&M University, and the  
University of Houston. 
We also utilize local advertisement placements that enable us to recruit talent from the 
communities in which we operate, which often aids in employee retention and allows us 
to give back to the community through job creation and economic stimulation. 
To support our growth, 
we recruited various 
roles primarily in our Field 
Operations, Technology, 
ES&H, and Engineering and 
Construction.
We focus on filling positions 
with local talent, where 
possible, through various 
sources such as referrals 
from our employees and 
other recruitment tools to 
bring talented employees  
to Targa.
In 2024, 92% of our new hires lived in the 
communities in which we operate. In addition to 
targeting local talent, we also leverage employee 
referrals to attract top talent. In 2024, employee 
referrals accounted for 42% of new hires.
Social
542024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Recruitment and Retention
Targa is committed to fostering a supportive environment that encourages employee 
development and long-term retention. We offer a comprehensive benefits package, invest 
in employee development, and prioritize continued learning. When employees decide 
to move on from Targa, we conduct thorough exit interviews to capture constructive 
feedback. Such feedback is critically assessed, with insights incorporated into future 
initiatives to improve employee experience and retention. In 2024, our voluntary turnover 
rate was 8%.
561
new hires 
92% 
53% 24 
of new hires reside in 
the state where job 
positions were based
of leadership roles were 
filled by internal candidates
interns and 10 college 
graduates were placed in 
a development program
42% 
16% 
of new hires were from 
employee referrals
of new positions 
were filled internally
Social
552024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Supply Chain Management
Suppliers and contractors play a fundamental role in our success, 
and we hold them to our high standards of responsible, safe, 
and ethical conduct. Our Supplier Code of Conduct serves as a 
guiding framework of our expectations. We require suppliers to 
review and formally acknowledge the Supplier Code of Conduct 
when working for, or on behalf of, Targa.
Targa Supplier Code of Conduct 
expectations:
• Operate safely with ethical business practices 
• Comply with laws, policies, rules, and regulations, including 
anti-harassment, equal opportunity, anti-corruption, human 
rights, and anti-bribery
• Act in Targa’s best interest and avoid conflicts of interest or 
circumstances appearing to be conflicts of interest
• Protect Targa’s assets, records, and reputation
• Report any improper activities or suspected violations of the 
Targa Supplier Code of Conduct
Social
562024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Supply Chain Program
Our supply chain program is overseen by our Executive team  
and managed by the Vice President, Supply Chain. The supply 
chain team works to procure goods and services to support 
long-term business success and sustainable operations. The 
team is also committed to ensuring equal and respectful 
treatment of all suppliers. 
In 2024, we made great strides to update our supply 
chain procedures. As part of this process, we began the 
implementation of a new supplier portal to further enhance 
how we engage with and evaluate suppliers. This portal 
will streamline our current supplier prequalification and 
performance monitoring processes, and will provide our 
suppliers with improved capabilities for order acceptance and 
invoice processing, and will be directly integrated with data 
from ISN, our contractor safety management system. It will 
also allow us to continue developing supplier training, plans, 
and communications across our supplier network and ensure 
supplier reliability. 
Utilizing system analytics, we evaluate our spending with key 
suppliers and contractors across various spend categories. 
We engage directly with all of our locations including field 
operations, engineering, and construction. This approach 
allows us to deliver the best overall value through our existing 
agreements, while also establishing new ones when necessary 
to support our business requirements.
Social
572024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Local Procurement 
We support the development of local businesses and strive to actively promote 
them whenever possible. These relationships help provide reliable access to critical 
supplies and services while creating local economic growth, including more jobs 
within the community. Once deployed, our new supplier portal will allow Targa to more 
easily identify local businesses and their capabilities, supporting our commitment 
to local procurement. We continue to focus on identifying local suppliers within the 
communities where we operate, to establish mutually beneficial working relationships 
and support community development.
Materials Management 
Targa continues to focus on inventory and materials management improvement across 
projects and operating facilities. The implementation and expansion of our Maximo EAM 
system across our company has allowed for increased digitization of our inventory while 
proactively managing obsolescence. This digitization enhances visibility into our company-
wide inventory. Sharing of materials or supplies across Targa can reduce unplanned 
downtime from equipment failure.
Social
582024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Community and Landowner 
Engagement 
At Targa, we are dedicated to making a positive impact and supporting the growth of the 
communities where we live and work. We strive to be a safe and dependable neighbor and 
foster trust through open, honest, and responsive communication. 
We take a proactive approach to community relations by engaging and consulting with 
local communities wherever we operate. When planning and constructing new facilities or 
pipelines near populated areas, we implement a comprehensive community and landowner 
engagement process that encourages ongoing communication throughout the lifecycle of 
our operations. Before a project starts, we identify and consult with key local stakeholders 
including but not limited to landowners, emergency responders, Indigenous peoples, and 
local governments. We incorporate feedback and tailor our approach to address potential 
issues and ensure meaningful engagement. 
Targa’s right-of-way department responds to all landowner calls promptly, with the goal of 
responding within the same day, and addressing issues as quickly as possible. Landowners 
and community members can also report issues through our formal anonymous 
whistleblower system by calling 1-833-TELL TRC (1-833-835-5872) or going to the website 
at www.targaresources.ethicspoint.com. Our ethics and compliance system is hosted by a 
third party to maintain confidentiality and anonymity to the greatest extent possible.
Our operations are supported by more than 79,000 active right-of-way access agreements 
and leases across over 34,000 miles of pipeline. We foster strong partnerships with a 
diverse range of landowners, each with unique interests and priorities. Throughout our 
interactions, we collaborate closely with landowners to develop innovative solutions 
that attempt to limit or avoid impacts while fulfilling our operational requirements and 
aligning with their land use objectives. We work to maintain open, ongoing discussions 
with landowners ahead of a new build or maintenance project. As part of our engagement 
efforts, we educate landowners with safety procedures, including incident detection  
and response.
Proactively Mitigating Impact
Reporting Concerns and Issues
Collaborating with Landowners
Landowner 
Engagement Process
Conduct pre-project community 
impact, landowner assessments, and 
mitigation planning, as necessary
Consider and negotiate optimal pipeline 
routing and surface needs for impacted 
landowners
Engage relevant and impacted parties in 
two-way communication
Engage and communicate with the 
community and landowners on an 
ongoing basis
1
2
3
4
Social
592024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Indigenous Peoples
We recognize the importance of engaging with Indigenous peoples and are committed to 
identifying, addressing, and mitigating potential cultural, social, and environmental impacts 
to Indigenous communities where we operate. Targa continues to foster a collaborative 
work environment through mutual respect, dignity, and trust. We believe in a long-term 
view for developing these bilateral relationships, understanding the importance of direct 
communication with community stakeholders. Targa encourages our affiliates, officers, and 
employees to actively support constructive partnerships with Indigenous peoples.
• Avoiding involuntary resettlement 
• Performing appropriate due diligence to 
assess how our proposed operations may 
impact Indigenous communities and any 
actual impact during those operations 
• Supporting their social, economic, and 
cultural rights 
• Promoting socioeconomic development 
• Avoiding or mitigating impact on 
archaeological sites and traditional 
cultural areas 
• Respecting their land rights 
• Respecting and seeking to obtain the 
right to Free, Prior, and Informed Consent, 
including an assessment of how such a 
process should be carried out and which 
parties should be involved 
• Seeking effective communication, 
representation, and participation 
• Designing and implementing appropriate 
processes for raising, addressing, 
and, where necessary, remedying any 
grievances
Per Targa’s Indigenous Peoples Policy, our commitments include,  
but are not limited to:
Respecting Cultural Heritage: Tribal Spiritual Site
During the planning phase of a recent infrastructure project, Targa identified the 
presence of a Tribal Spiritual Site within the proposed route. Although regulatory 
guidelines did not mandate a change, Targa proactively coordinated with stakeholders 
to avoid any disturbance to the site. This decision was made out of the deep respect for 
the spiritual significance of the location to the Tribal community. 
CASE STUDY
Social
602024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Partners in the Community
Targa is committed to supporting socioeconomic development and enhancing the 
well-being of the communities where we live and work. Our approach to community 
investment is tailored to foster meaningful engagement with each unique community. 
This strategy allows us to gain an understanding of the values and priorities of the local 
residents and organizations. Our focus on meaningful engagement allows us to identify 
opportunities for partnerships and social investment, whether financial or otherwise, to 
make a positive impact.
Through our community investment strategy, we focus on providing support to 
organizations that are delivering meaningful and lasting benefits and aligning with our 
company values and goals. Our support is focused around three key pillars:
Developing 
the Energy 
Workforce of 
the Future
1 Protecting 
Communities2 Improving the 
Well-Being of 
Communities
3
Targa strongly supports science, 
technology, engineering, and math (STEM) 
education, recognizing their critical role in 
developing the future energy workforce. 
Investing in STEM is both a strategic 
commitment and an opportunity to 
empower individuals with the skills and 
knowledge needed to thrive in a rapidly 
evolving energy landscape.
We actively participate in local school 
programs and high school career 
days, donations of computers to local 
communities, and the hosting of several 
internships focused on the STEM 
disciplines. Through these efforts, we aim 
to inspire the next generation of innovators 
and problem-solvers. 
Developing the Energy Workforce of the Future
Work-Study Program
In the fall of 2024, we began a partnership with the Cristo Rey Work-Study Program, 
welcoming students to work one full day each week during the academic year. Through 
this initiative, we are providing mentorship and support that helps students build 
social and technical skills, gain exposure to a real-world professional environment, and 
experience a learning setting beyond the classroom. We are proud to invest in both their 
future and the future of our community.
CASE STUDY
Social
612024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Protecting Communities
We are proud to continue our partnerships with the dedicated emergency 
responders who work tirelessly to safeguard the communities where we 
live and work. Many of our facilities are located in areas where local fire 
departments rely entirely on volunteer service, including some of our 
own employees. To support their vital efforts, we sponsor and facilitate 
training programs, provide essential equipment, and actively engage in 
fundraising activities.
Partners in the Community
Social
622024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

Celebrating Community Impact 
During the Mont Belvieu Area Chamber of Commerce (MBCC) 40th Annual Awards 
Gala, two Targa employees, Ted and Bryan, were recognized by the MBCC for their 
devotion to the community. 
The recognition from the Mont Belvieu Chamber of Commerce as the Business 
Professional of the Year is a huge personal honor, but it’s also a testament to the 
dedication and hard work of my entire Targa team. We strive to be mentors and 
leaders in our community by participating in numerous community events and 
working closely with the teachers and students in the schools in our area. This award 
recognizes us for the time we put in behind the scenes, and for our ongoing efforts 
to make a positive impact.
CASE STUDY
Partners in the Community
Improving the Well-Being of Communities
We are dedicated to enhancing the well-being of the communities we serve through active 
engagement and meaningful collaboration with local organizations. Our employees contribute 
by serving on boards and committees, and collaborating closely with community leaders and 
stakeholders. Through these partnerships, we aim to improve access to essential resources 
and services that support physical, mental, and social well-being.
In 2024, Targa launched a Volunteer Time-Off (VTO) program, which we announced in 2023. 
The VTO program empowers all Targa employees to dedicate up to eight hours of paid time to 
volunteer for causes of their choice. Targa established this program to expand on our broader 
community investment strategy highlighting our commitment to supporting employees in 
their efforts to give back. For example, our employees continued volunteering at organizations 
such as Junior Achievement, Big Brothers Big Sisters of America, the Salvation Army, livestock 
and agricultural fairs, and local recreational programs. Through VTO, we aim to strengthen 
local organizations and initiatives that positively impact our surrounding communities.
Targa also takes part in community events across our footprint. This involvement spans a 
variety of activities, such as participating in county fairs, parades, and community concerts, 
helping raise funds for children’s charities at music festivals, and supporting local initiatives 
such as the Toys for Tots, regional Food Banks and Blood Drives, Kids’ Meals Houston, and 
many more.
Ted K. 
Director of Operations
Social
632024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword GovernanceEnvironmental Safety Data & Disclosures

64 Governance
65  Governance Framework
67  Executive Compensation
69 Shareholder Engagement
70 Risk Management
71 Cybersecurity
73 Ethics and Integrity
74 Industry Associations
Sound governance practices are critical to operating our business 
responsibly and fulfilling our duties to Targa shareholders. We 
regularly engage with shareholders to communicate our governance 
priorities and seek feedback to help inform our approach and 
governance framework. Our Code of Conduct, together with 
other governance policies and practices, forms the foundation for 
transparent, responsible business conduct and supports sustainable 
economic growth at Targa.

Governance Framework
Board Composition
Our strong corporate governance framework, led by our active and engaged Board of Directors, 
drives us toward achieving operational integrity and aligns us with the evolving needs of our 
shareholders and broader stakeholders. 
Our Board of Directors is 91% independent1. The Board appoints a Lead Independent Director 
to help ensure a strong and independent board. The independent members of the Board 
of Directors meet in executive session without the presence of the CEO or other members 
of management regularly. During 2024, the Board held eight meetings and collectively 
demonstrated their dedication to our operations, achieving meeting attendance of 98% for 
both the full Board and meetings held by each Board committee on which the member served.2 
Targa Board members—with a variety of backgrounds, professional experience, and unique 
qualifications—bring a wide range of viewpoints and skills that drive strategic decisions. Our 
Nominating and Governance Committee, as outlined in its charter, is responsible for evaluating 
the Board’s optimal mix of talent and experience. The Nominating and Governance Committee 
regularly considers a range of high caliber candidates, assessing business and professional 
expertise, leadership capabilities, skills, and acumen for vacancies on the Board as well as 
endeavors to thoughtfully consider each incumbent candidate that it seeks to renominate to 
the Board. This approach is designed to drive our Company forward representing the long-term 
interests of our shareholders. 
We recruit nominees who have a wide range of perspectives, experience, skills, expertise, 
and viewpoints. It is important that our Directors’ experiences complement one another to 
create the appropriate mix of capabilities to best serve our shareholders. In 2024, as part of 
our continued commitment to ongoing Board refreshment, the Board appointed two new 
independent members, introducing additional valuable expertise.
More information on each Board member, including a summary of their qualifications, expertise, 
and the Committees they serve on, can be found in our 2025 Proxy Statement.
1.  The independence of our directors is determined by the Board using the independence standards of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), along with various other factors.
2.  Targa 2025 Proxy Statement
3.  As of the date of the Annual Meeting, May 20th, 2025. Tenure calculated from the closing date of the Targa initial public offering.
Independent 91% 
Non-Independent 9%
Years Average 
Tenure3
Board  Independence
<3 Years Tenure 2 
3-9 Years Tenure 4
 >9 Years Tenure 5
Board Composition
98%
Meeting 
Attendance2
Our governance framework and practices are 
documented within our: 
Code of 
Ethics 
Corporate Governance 
Guidelines 
2025 Proxy 
Statement 
Code of 
Conduct
91% 8
Governance
652024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Board Committees
Our Board of Directors has a standing Audit Committee, Compensation 
Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee, Risk Management 
Committee, and Sustainability Committee to oversee key areas of our 
operations.
To learn more about our Board Committees and their respective charters, please visit our website.
Audit Committee:  
Oversees the integrity of the financial statements, the 
Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, 
the performance of the Company’s internal audit function and 
Independent Auditor, the Company’s risk management program 
and enterprise-wide risks, and the Company’s data privacy and 
cybersecurity risks, among other responsibilities. 
Compensation Committee:  
Oversees the Company’s overall compensation philosophy that 
applies to all Company employees, among other responsibilities.
Nominating and Governance Committee:  
Advises the Board and recommends appropriate corporate 
governance practices, including identifying director nominees 
and advising appropriate composition of the Board and its 
Committees, among other responsibilities.
Risk Management Committee:  
Oversees the Company’s commodity price exposure 
and risk management strategy and activities, including 
hedging the Company’s exposure to price risk and 
mitigating the impact of fluctuations in commodity 
prices on cash flow.
Sustainability Committee:  
Assists the Board in overseeing the Company’s compliance 
with all laws, regulations, and Company policies and procedures 
relevant to environmental, social, and sustainability matters, 
including governance concerning such matters.
Below are the members of the Board of Directors of Targa Resources Corp.
Audit  
Committee
Compensation  
Committee
Nominating And 
Governance 
Committee
Risk Management 
Committee
Sustainability 
Committee
Matthew J. Meloy
Paul W. Chung
Beth A. Bowman
Lindsey M. Cooksen
Charles R. Crisp
Waters Davis, IV
Laura Fulton*
Rene R. Joyce
Caron A. Lawhorn
Joe Bob Perkins
R. Keith Teague
Chairperson Member
All five of our Committees consist of 100% 
independent Board members.
*Lead Independent Director
Governance
662024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Executive Compensation
Our executive compensation program is designed to 
attract, retain, and motivate top talent in our industry 
and align the interests of our executives with those of 
our shareholders. This ensures we have the leadership 
necessary to achieve our business goals, promote short- 
and long-term profitable growth, and create long-term 
shareholder value. As such, our program is grounded in the 
following principles:
The following three pay elements support the grounding principles of our executive 
compensation program:
Competitiveness:  
We aim to attract and retain key executives by 
offering a total compensation program that is 
competitive with the market where we compete 
for executive talent—which encompasses 
diversified midstream companies and other 
companies in the energy industry, including 
energy infrastructure companies.
Performance Accountability:  
We aim to ensure alignment between our 
strategic, operational, and financial performance 
and the total compensation received by our 
named executive officers (NEOs). This includes 
providing performance-based compensation that 
reflects individual and company performance in 
absolute terms and relative to our peer group.
Shareholder Alignment:  
We aim to find a balance between short-term 
and long-term compensation while emphasizing 
at-risk or variable compensation. Performance-
based compensation is a valuable way to support 
our strategic goals and business objectives 
while aligning the interests of our NEOs with 
shareholder interests.
Element Key Characteristics Competitiveness Performance
Accountability
Shareholder 
Alignment
Base  
Salary
• Annual fixed cash compensation  
• Critical factor in attracting and retaining qualified talent •
Annual 
Incentives
• Annual variable cash award  
• Tied to achievement of key financial, operational, and strategic 
objectives
• • •
Long-Term
Incentives
• Equity-based awards vesting over multiple years based on 
performance-based and restricted units
• Ties a majority of NEO compensation to creation of long-term value 
and encourages NEOs to build meaningful equity ownership stakes
• • •
Executive Compensation Practices
The following practices and policies promote sound compensation 
governance and align the interests of our shareholders and executives:
• Provide majority of NEO compensation in the form of 
performance-based, at-risk, long-term compensation
• Use a combination of absolute and relative performance metrics 
in incentive plans
• Maintain a comprehensive clawback policy aligned with current 
industry norms and recent legal requirements
• Complete an annual compensation risk assessment
• Maintain executive officer and director share ownership 
guidelines 
• Retain an independent consultant to advise the Compensation 
Committee
What We Do What We Don’t Do
• No employment contracts
• No single-trigger change-in-control severance arrangements
• No single-trigger change-in-control vesting for NEO equity 
awards
• No excise tax gross-ups
• No material perquisites or supplemental benefits not generally 
available to other employees
• No hedging or pledging of Company stock
• No executive compensation practices that promote excessive 
risk
Governance
672024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Governed by the aforementioned practices, the 
Compensation Committee determined the 2024 
bonuses for our incentive plan and evaluated the 
following three general categories with a safety 
category overlay:
Establishing a sustainability-linked compensation program has helped align executive compensation 
with our sustainability goals, targets, and performance. Specifically, our sustainability priorities set 
expectations and reflect our ongoing efforts to:
For more information on our executive compensation program, please review our 2025 Proxy Statement.
• Identify, train, and retain talented employees;
• Advance disclosures and dialogue with investor and other stakeholder; 
• Progress toward methane intensity goals; and 
• Reduce flaring from unplanned events.
Annual Executive Incentive Plan:  
Allocation by Performance Type4
Additionally, we leverage a holistic scorecard, including quantitative and qualitative evaluation of safety-
related items that operates as a modifier outside our 2024 Annual Incentive Compensation Program. 
Therefore, bonus awards can be reduced if safety performance is below expectations. While we prioritize 
safety throughout our organization, we believe that safety performance should be an inherent expectation 
and not a justification for increased incentive compensation. 
60%
30%
10% Financial Performance 
Sustainability
Commercial and 
Operational Execution 
and Positioning 
Performance
4.  Targa aligns incentive compensation for all employees with this allocation.
Governance
682024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Shareholder Engagement
At Targa, we value robust engagement with our shareholders. We 
communicate through various platforms, including SEC filings, 
quarterly earnings calls and press releases, investor conferences, our 
sustainability report, and regular shareholder meetings and calls. We 
also conduct a dedicated governance, strategy, and sustainability-
oriented engagement each fall. Our annual engagement provides a 
critical venue for Targa’s management team and Board of Directors 
to communicate business, governance, sustainability, and other 
updates to shareholders and to receive feedback on key topics. We 
have established a track record of engaging with our shareholders and 
updating our disclosures or practices based on shareholder feedback. 
In 2024:
Our engagements with shareholders cover a variety of topics, including business strategy and 
performance, corporate governance, executive compensation, and sustainability-related matters, among 
other topics. Overall, in 2024, shareholder feedback was positive, specifically regarding:
Sustainability:  
Shareholders have indicated that they are pleased by the sustainability strategy progress we have made, 
particularly as we reach record-breaking volumes, achieve strong financial results and deliver strong shareholder 
returns. Specifically, shareholders indicate appreciation for our two methane reduction targets, enhanced GHG 
emissions profile, approach to target setting, and the updated version of our Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) index.
Safety:  
Shareholders continue to recognize the emphasis that we place on safety as a fundamental value underpinning 
our operations and are pleased by our disclosure of new processes to improve employee engagement and 
communication around health and safety. 
Executive Compensation:  
Shareholders expressed continued appreciation for our executive compensation practices and our commitment 
to engage with our shareholders on this topic. Specifically, they appreciated that the majority of our compensation 
is in the form of at-risk variable pay with payouts tied to our performance through several strategic and financial 
objectives that directly impact our business operations, including safety and methane management.
Board Refreshment:  
Shareholders indicated they appreciate our continued commitment to ongoing Board refreshment with the 
appointment of two new directors in 2024 who possess extensive industry experience.
We contacted 
shareholders representing 
approximately
We met with shareholders 
representing 
approximately
Targa received 94% shareholder support on Say on Pay in 2025
55%
of shares 
outstanding
51%
of shares 
outstanding
“We are proud of the strong relationships 
we have built with our shareholders over 
the years. Their feedback will continue to 
play an important role in strengthening 
our disclosures and practices.”
Andrew K. 
Targa Assistant Secretary
Governance
692024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Risk Management
Targa’s approach to risk management reflects our commitment to safeguarding the 
organization from critical risks in the short, intermediate, and long-term, by allocating 
oversight responsibilities for these risks.
Board of 
Directors
Provides oversight of our approach to sustainability and risk management 
across the organization.
Audit 
Committee
Reviews and oversees the ERM Program and enterprise-wide risks, 
including financial reporting and internal controls, as well as data privacy, 
cybersecurity and information technology risks.
Risk 
Management 
Committee
Focuses on commodity price, electricity price, and commodity basis risk.
Compensation 
Committee Evaluates risks associated with our compensation policies and programs.
Sustainability 
Committee
Monitors emerging political, social, environmental, and climate-
related trends, as well as key legislative, regulatory, and public policy 
developments that could impact our sustainability initiatives and broader 
business activities. 
At the executive level, our CEO and Executive team collaborate with business leaders to 
conduct an annual Enterprise Risk Assessment (ERA) as part of a comprehensive Enterprise 
Risk Management (ERM) program. This proactive approach enables Targa to identify, evaluate, 
and address key business risks. The ERA is facilitated by the internal audit team and involves 
input from leaders across various disciplines within Targa, as well as from external experts. This 
diverse participation enhances Targa’s ability to recognize and effectively respond to current 
and emerging risks.
Identified risks are categorized into four groups: strategic, operational, financial, and 
compliance/legal. Each risk is evaluated based on its likelihood and potential impact, then 
assigned to executives or senior leaders responsible for monitoring and, when necessary, 
mitigating the risk. Ongoing discussions and reviews help ensure a comprehensive 
understanding of the potential impacts of all identified risks. The final ERA findings are 
consolidated and reviewed by the Audit Committee of our Board. For information on Targa’s 
material risks, refer to Targa’s Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Governance
702024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Cybersecurity
We continually grow and strengthen Targa’s multi-faceted cybersecurity program as 
technological advancements become increasingly integrated into our daily operations. 
Our cybersecurity program is designed to follow the National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework, as well as supplemental guidance for operational 
technologies. We endeavor to follow federal and state regulatory guidance and regulations. 
Targa adopted internal policies and standards that align with these requirements.
Our comprehensive cybersecurity covers Targa’s general corporate Information Technology (IT) 
systems and the Operational Technology (OT) systems supporting our various lines of business. 
In 2024, we continued to align our OT and IT cybersecurity processes. This included:
• Increasing OT and IT headcount, 
• Establishing threat intelligence and security automation teams, to enhance oversight and 
enable seamless security transitions between IT and OT, and  
• Increasing the frequency of our OT patch cycle to improve asset vulnerability management 
and visibility. 
Our Board of Directors provides oversight of our cybersecurity program through the Audit 
Committee. The Audit Committee, along with our Executive team, receives regular and 
recurring program updates from the Vice President of Security Operations, who is responsible 
for management of cybersecurity. The Board also receives a program update from the Vice 
President of Security Operations at least annually. 
Targa’s Code of Conduct communicates our expectations of employees and contractors to 
maintain the security of our IT systems. We require all of our employees and contractors to 
complete annual Code of Conduct training that is designed to ensure they understand and 
acknowledge this business-critical information, notably the protection of Targa’s digital assets. 
We continually make significant investments in cybersecurity technologies designed to protect 
our facilities, users, and stakeholders, as well as the personal information of our employees and 
contractors. 
Our cybersecurity program follows Defense in Depth principles, with the goal of layering 
various access control, detection, prevention, and response measures throughout each 
zone from cloud to endpoint. Detailed telemetry from all layers is aggregated and collated 
to update threat intelligence and is analyzed and monitored 24/7 by our security operations 
center personnel. Targa’s security posture is routinely tested by internal Targa personnel and 
independent third parties to gauge its effectiveness.
Targa maintains formal disaster recovery and business continuity plans, supported by a 
regularly updated Cyber Incident Response Plan (CIRP) that reflects the latest federal laws 
and guidelines. The CIRP is tested periodically through real-world tabletop exercises that 
help ensure preparedness. We also collaborate with a cross-functional group of independent 
third parties to assess vulnerabilities and strengthen risk mitigation efforts. To stay ahead of 
evolving threats, we frequently review and refine the CIRP . In 2024, we advanced our disaster 
recovery planning by conducting executive-level tabletop exercises focused on the specifics of 
responding to cyber-related incidents. 
We are committed to advancing the ongoing, real-time management of cyber and digital 
protections. This initiative is crucial as Targa continues to embed and leverage digitization, 
requiring us to stay vigilant and proactive in safeguarding our digital assets.
Targa is well-positioned to explore the advantages of technological advancement with 
a robust oversight structure in place. The Targa team leverages artificial intelligence (AI) 
and other advanced tools to stay ahead of potential risks, better monitor our operations, 
and enhance safety across our Company. These innovations help us identify emerging 
patterns, improve decision-making, and support our people in maintaining secure and 
efficient operations. 
Governance
712024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Cybersecurity Awareness 
and Training
Targa’s approach to cyber threats is supported by each 
employee’s and contractor’s recognition and reporting of 
cyber threats. Security awareness and training are provided 
to employees and contractors with access to our facilities 
or systems through a combination of computer-based 
training, internal communications, and visual reminders 
such as posters and screensavers. We make use of 
targeted imagery displayed on all corporate computers to 
reinforce security awareness concepts. 
We also conduct simulated phishing attack campaigns 
to identify employees who may need further training. 
These simulated phishing campaigns proactively identify 
training needs and reinforce security standards. To 
address the cybersecurity challenges of working remotely, 
we’ve implemented additional security protocols on 
both Targa-issued and personal devices used to access 
Targa’s systems, such as containerization, and multi-
factor authentication. Additionally, our internal technology 
organization is required to complete personally identifiable 
information (PII) data training annually. 
We recognize that cybersecurity threats continue to 
emerge and evolve. Ongoing assessment and improvement 
of our security posture to predict and respond to the 
evolving threat landscape is central to our cybersecurity 
program. Targa collaborates with cybersecurity industry 
subject-matter experts, governmental agencies, law 
enforcement, and industry peers to continuously enhance 
our program using real-time threat intelligence and best 
practice countermeasures.
NIST  
Framework 
Core  
Functions
Recover
Respond Detect
Protect
IdentifyGovern
Our cybersecurity program is designed to follow the National Institute of Standards 
and Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity Framework:
Respond
Develop and implement appropriate activities designed to 
take action regarding a detected cybersecurity incident.
Recover
Develop and implement appropriate activities designed to 
maintain plans for resilience and to timely restore any 
capabilities or services that were impaired due to a 
cybersecurity incident.
Protect
Develop and implement appropriate safeguards 
designed to ensure delivery of critical services.
Identify
Develop an organizational understanding designed to 
manage cybersecurity risk to systems, people, assets, 
data, and capabilities.
Govern
Establish, communicate, and monitor cybersecurity risk 
management strategy, expectations, and policies.
Detect
Develop and implement appropriate activities designed to 
timely identify the occurrence of a cybersecurity event.
Governance
722024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Ethics and Integrity
We are committed to operating our business with integrity, and we are guided by our Code of 
Conduct which sets the foundation for achieving high standards of ethical business conduct. 
This commitment not only helps Targa attract talented and ethical individuals, but also 
supports our ability to build high-quality assets and foster long-lasting relationships with loyal 
customers and business partners. 
The Code of Conduct, along with our Global Business Practices Compliance Policy, explicitly 
sets expectations to prohibit offering, accepting, receiving, or giving bribes and emphasizes 
our commitment to complying with all applicable legal requirements. Specifically, the anti-
corruption laws (anti-bribery laws, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and federal and 
state election laws) apply to our domestic and foreign business activities.
Our Ethics and Compliance Hotline/website provides a formal anonymous whistleblower 
system with legal protections to report potential ethics and compliance issues. Issues can be 
reported 24/7 by phone (1-833-TELL TRC (1-833-835-5872)) or online  
(www.targaresources.ethicspoint.com). Targa’s ethics and compliance system is hosted by a 
third party to maintain confidentiality and anonymity. All employees, customers, contractors, 
vendors, other stakeholders, and third parties can communicate concerns.  We have an internal 
structure in place to process all whistleblower system reports.
Targa prohibits retaliation against anyone who reports or participates in good faith in any 
investigation of a possible violation of our Code of Conduct. Further, Targa encourages anyone 
who believes they are being retaliated against to contact the Human Resources department or 
the Ethics and Compliance Hotline/Website. 
Annual training on our Anti-Corruption and Bribery 
guidelines is required for every Targa employee. Our 
employees review and formally acknowledge the Code of 
Conduct during this training.
• Code of 
Conduct
• Human 
Rights Policy 
• Insider Trading 
Policy
• Global Business 
Practices 
Compliance Policy
• Indigenous 
Peoples Policy
Additional Resources:
Additionally, respect for human rights is a fundamental value at Targa. We strive to respect 
human rights in our relationships with our employees, contractors, customers, communities, 
Indigenous peoples, and other stakeholders. For more information, please review our Human 
Rights Policy. 
Our Code of Conduct prohibits employees from making political contributions for, or on behalf 
of, Targa to any candidate for U.S. federal, state, or local office, or for foreign elections unless 
allowed by applicable law and approved in advance by Targa’s CEO, any President, CFO, or 
General Counsel. The policy is approved by our Board.
Governance
732024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

Industry Associations
Targa actively engages with several global, national, 
and statewide industry associations that represent 
the oil and gas industry. Through these groups and 
associations, we strive to share best practices, help 
develop industry standards, and strengthen our public 
and political advocacy. Each year, we assess the industry 
associations we are involved with to ensure alignment 
with our business priorities. Beyond membership, we 
take on leadership roles, participate in key working 
groups, and contribute to shaping industry policies and 
practices. These efforts enable Targa to stay informed of 
the latest technologies and regulatory trends while  
contributing to their development. 
Targa believes that participation in trade and business 
associations is important to ensure that we have a voice 
in the regulatory developments in the areas in which 
we operate. However, we have, and reserve the right 
to, differ from the positions adopted by these trade 
and business associations when those positions do 
not represent our views or help advance our corporate 
strategy on any given issue. We do not control these 
associations, and our ability to influence the positions 
they take may be limited and not fully reflective of our 
approach to sustainability.
Energy Industry – Regional 
• North Dakota Petroleum Council (NDPC) 
• Petroleum Alliance of Oklahoma 
• Louisiana Oil and Gas Association (LOGA) 
• Louisiana Association of Business and Industry (LABI) 
• Louisiana Propane Gas Association (LPGA) 
• Texas Pipeline Association (TPA) 
• Texas Propane Gas Association (TPGA) 
• Greater Houston Partnership (GHP) 
• Greater Houston Port Bureau (GHPB) 
• New Mexico Oil and Gas Association (NMOGA) 
• Texas Oil and Gas Association (TXOGA)
• Permian Basin Petroleum Association (PBPA) 
• Permian Strategic Partnership 
• West Gulf Maritime Association (WGMA)
Sustainability/Environmental-focused 
• Our Nation’s Energy Future (ONE Future) 
• Energy Infrastructure Council (EIC) 
• The Environmental Partnership (TEP) 
• Marine Preservation Association (MPA)
Energy Industry – National 
• GPA Midstream 
• American Petroleum Institute (API) 
• National Propane Gas Association (NPGA)
• International Liquids Terminal Association (IL TA) 
• Propane Education and Research Council (PERC) 
• Petrochemical Feedstock Association of America (PFAA) 
• Liquid Energy Pipeline Association (LEPA) 
• World Liquid Gas Association (WLGA)
Targa advances industry goals 
through select Industry Associations:
Governance
742024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Data & Disclosures

75 Data & Disclosures
76  Performance Data Tables
81  EIC Midstream Template V2.0
86  Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
92  Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index
93  Forward-looking Statements

Topic Accounting Metric Units 2022 2023 2024
Environment
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Scope 1: Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions - Total 1 Million metric tons CO2e 8.7 9.5† 10.2†
Scope 2: Electricity Consumption 2 Billion kilowatt hours 8.5† 10.1† 11.5† 
Scope 2: Electricity Emissions (location based) 3 Million metric tons CO2e 3.3† 3.7† 4.0† 
Scope 3: Products Supplied to Customers 4 Million metric tons CO2e 32.4 32.7† 38.7† 
Criteria  
Pollutant 5
Nitrogen Oxides (NOX) Thousand tons 9.6 8.7** 8.4 
Carbon Monoxide (CO) Thousand tons 6.4 6.8** 6.0 
Sulfur Oxides (SOX) Thousand tons 2.8 2.8** 1.7 
Particulate Matter (PM10) Thousand tons 0.5 0.6 0.6 
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) Thousand tons 6.1 8.0** 9.2 
Spills 6
Total Hydrocarbon spills > 5 bbls beyond secondary containment # spills 21 9 17 
Volume of Hydrocarbon spills > 5 bbls beyond secondary containment barrels (bbl) 550 218 503 
Hydrocarbon spills in Unusually Sensitive Areas (USAs) # spills  0  0 1
Hydrocarbon spills in Unusually Sensitive Areas (USAs) barrels (bbl)  0  0 37
Water 7
Total Freshwater Withdrawn Million gallons 2,810 3,451 3,833 
Total Water Discharged Million gallons 903 1,085 1,880
Performance Data Tables
Data & Disclosures
762024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Topic Accounting Metric Units 2022 2023 2024
Biodiversity
International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)  
Red List Species in Targa’s Areas of Operation 8 # species 70 51 57 
   Critically Endangered Species # species 11 8 8 
   Endangered Species # species 15 11 13 
   Vulnerable Species # species 17 14 16 
   Near Threatened Species # species 9 8 9 
   Least Concern Species # species 18 10 11 
Percent of land owned, leased, or operated within areas of protected conservation status or 
endangered species habitat 9 % 11.9% 11.8% 13.1%
Social
Employee Health & Safety 12
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) - Employees # recordable incidents/100  
full-time workers 0.73† 0.74† 0.77† 
Employee Recordable Incidents # total injury/illness incidents 23 27 30 
DART Incident Rate - Employees
# injury/illness incidents days  
away from work x 200,000 / total  
hours worked
0.64† 0.63† 0.36† 
Number of DART Incidents # injury/illness incidents  
days away from work 20† 23† 14† 
Preventable Motor Vehicle Accident Rate # total preventable vehicle  
accidents x 1,000,000 / miles traveled 0.68† 1.26† 1.81† 
Total hours of Health, Safety, and Emergency Response Training for Employees # hours 44,232 55,247 74,151
Performance Data Tables
Data & Disclosures
772024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Topic Accounting Metric Units 2022 2023 2024
Pipeline & Transportation Safety
Natural Gas Transported by Pipeline 10 Billion cubic feet (Bcf) 3,655 3,998 4,362
Natural Gas Liquids Transported by Pipeline 11 Million barrel miles (MMBbl-miles) 108,287 130,811 155,254
Reportable Pipeline Incidents 12, 13 # incidents 10 8 11
Pipeline Mileage: In-Line Inspections 14 miles 658 619 520
Pipeline Percent: In-Line Inspections 14 % 26% 25% 19%
Pipeline Leakage Survey Inspection Percentage: Natural Gas Transmission and Gathering 15 % 86% 86% 86%
Pipeline Leakage Survey Inspection Mileage: Natural Gas Transmission and Gathering # miles 26,120 26,687 26,987
Employee Demographics
Total Employees # 2,850 3,197 3,371
Minority Group (EEOC Defined) Employees % 33% 35% 36% 
Employees aged ≤ 30 years old % 14% 14% 16% 
Employees aged 30-50 years old % 57% 57% 57% 
Employees aged > 50 years old % 29% 29% 27% 
Female Employees % 15% 15% 15% 
Female Leadership Employees16 % 23% 27% 26% 
Female Named Executive Officer Employees % 20% 20% 20% 
Employee Turnover (Voluntary) % 8% 9% 8%
Performance Data Tables
Data & Disclosures
782024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Topic Accounting Metric Units 2022 2023 2024
Governance
Board  
of Directors
Number of board members # 11 11 11
Percentage of independent board members % 73% 73% 91% 
Board  
Diversity
Number of women on the board # 3 3 4 
Percentage of directors who are women % 27% 27% 36% 
Percentage of directors who are from minority group (EEOC defined) % 18% 18% 18% 
Ethics Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy Y/N Y Y Y
Economic
Financial Performance Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation, and Amortization (EBITDA) (million USD) $ $2,901.1 $3,530.0 $4,142.3
Performance Data Tables
Data & Disclosures
792024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Performance Data Tables
1. Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions – Total are part of Targa’s reported emissions pursuant the USEPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) Subpart C – General Stationary Fuel Combustion Sources and Subpart W – Petroleum and Natural Gas Systems. Facilities that emit 25,000 metric 
tons or more per year of GHGs under Subparts C and W combined are required to report under these rules. Emissions disclosed are irrespective of this reporting threshold. Targa has included full-year 2022 emissions from acquired entities. We continue to evaluate our approach to inventorying, calculating, 
and reporting GHG emissions to reflect accepted practices, industry trends, and enhance accuracy. The 2024 total CO 2e emissions uses the revised global warming potentials finalized by EPA in 40 CFR § 98, Table A-1 (May 2024) for methane and nitrous oxides.
2. Total quantity in billion kilowatt-hours of indirect energy consumed from purchased electricity generated off-site.         
3. Scope 2: Electricity Emissions (location-based): The quantity in million metric tons (MMT) of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO 2e) Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from indirect energy consumed by Targa from purchased electricity generated off-site. Scope 2 GHG emissions are calculated by multi -
plying total electricity consumption by the EPA’s eGRID location-based subregion emission factors and global warming potentials. Targa has included full-year 2022 emissions from electricity consumption from acquired entities.          
4. Scope 3: The quantity in million metric tons (MMT) of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO 2e) of Scope 3 GHG emissions attributable to potential emissions resulting from fractionated Natural Gas Liquids (NGLs) supplied by Targa to domestic customers. This metric includes emissions calculated pursuant to the 
US EPA GHGRP under Subpart MM – Suppliers of Petroleum Products and Subpart NN Suppliers of Natural Gas & Natural Gas Liquids. Under Subpart NN, this calculation includes emission equivalents of NGLs fractionated assuming complete combustion or oxidation of NGL products that Targa delivers to 
customers. Under Subpart MM, this calculation estimates the emissions related to the combustion of petroleum products or NGLs downstream of refineries and products that are exported. Emissions under Subpart MM are treated by Targa as deductions to emissions under Subpart NN as these emissions 
are from NGLs exported from the US to another country. The calculated Scope 3 GHG emissions metric does not include the sale of natural gas to end users. We continue to evaluate our approach to inventoring, calculating, and reporting GHG emissions to reflect accepted practices, industry trends, and 
enhance accuracy.  
       
5. Criteria pollutants are comprised of direct emissions from Targa operations that are required to be reported to federal and/or state environmental agencies. These emissions are typically reviewed annually and may change with their review of our reports. NOx, CO, SO2, and VOC emission totals reported 
here for RY2023 have been revised based on agency review of prior submission. Previously disclosed totals (expressed in thousand tons) for RY2023 were as follows: NOx 9.7, CO 7.5, SO2 3.8, VOCs 8.9.              
 
6. Total count and volume of hydrocarbon spills only includes the hydrocarbon fraction of spills from produced water and brine.         
7. Water disclosures include water withdrawn and discharged for the purpose of industrial use only at Targa gas processing plants, fractionation, plants, and storage cavern facilities.             
8. Data collected using the United States Fish and Wildlife Services (USFWS) Information for Planning and Consultation online tool and cross referenced with International Union for Conservation of Nature Red List Species. Six additional species have been added to the list in 2024 due to new proposed spe -
cies and additional operating areas. Reduction of species within Targa’s operating area for 2023 was due to changes in USFWS website (https://ipac.ecosphere.fws.gov/) data input format. The 2022 data was collected at the County level and includes all listed species within the County. The 2023 and 2024 
USFWS data was processed on the actual footprint impacted with a higher-level of accuracy.           
9. Percentage includes aboveground facilities and pipeline right-of-ways that are assumed to be 30 ft wide. “Within” is defined as within 5km of the boundary of an area that is protected conservations status or an endangered species habitat. Targa’s GIS boundary was compared to the World Database of 
Protected Areas (WDPA), USFWS Critical Habitats and USFWS Wildlife boundaries to calculate percent of operation within these areas.              
10. Natural gas throughput is the sum of natural gas transported through gathering pipelines per 40 CFR 98.236(aa)(10)(i) and natural gas transported by transmission pipeline per 49 CFR 191.17. Revisions to throughputs for 2021 and 2022 are due to adding gathering pipeline throughput.    
 
11. Natural Gas Liquids throughput per 49 CFR 195.49. Revised reported units to match PHMSA reporting in barrel-miles.         
 
12. Targa Resources acquired Lucid Energy and Southcross Energy on July 29, 2022 and April 21, 2022, respectively. Targa has included data for these acquired assets only since acquisition for metrics in this section.         
 
13. Includes gas pipeline incidents as reported to the Pipeline Hazardous Materials and Safety Administration (PHMSA) on Forms F 7100.2-1 and F7100.2-2. Incidents as defined in Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 191.3. Includes liquid pipeline accidents as reported to the Pipeline Hazardous Materials and 
Safety Administration (PHMSA) on Form F 7000.1-1. Accidents as defined in Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 195.50.  
               
14. Pipeline in-line inspections are conducted according to Targa’s pipeline integrity management plan following regulatory requirements in 49 CFR 192.911 for gas pipelines and 49 CFR 195.452 for liquid pipelines. Targa follows the pipeline reassessment intervals per 49 CFR 192.939 and 49 CFR 195.452(j). 
 
15. Leakage surveys are required by PHMSA on Transmission and Gathering Type A, B, and C pipelines. Targa conducts leakage surveys as required by PHMSA on these pipelines and voluntarily surveys Gathering Type R pipelines. Metrics in this section include both required and voluntary leakage survey 
results. 
 
16. Employees with direct reports, manager title and above.          
 
N/A - Indicates Targa did not track or this information is not available. 
 
† - These metrics received limited assurance by a third-party auditor. The third-party audit report is available at targaresources.com/sustainability for the 2024 metrics. The full-year 2022 and 2023 metrics have also been subject to previous limited assurance attestation procedures. 
 
** NOx, CO, SO2, and VOC emission totals reported here for RY2023 have been revised based on agency review of prior submission.
Data & Disclosures
802024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

EIC Midstream Template V2.0
Metric Unit 2022 2023 2024
Comments, Links, Additional Information, and 
Notes
Activity
1.1 EBITDA Million US $ 2,901.10 3,530.00 4,142.30
1.2 Gross Throughput Thousand BOE 1,480,041 1,627 ,899 1,768,050
For the natural gas gathering and boosting segment, 
throughput is the total volume of gas transported by 
gathering and boosting facilities as per 40 CFR 98.236(aa)
(10)(ii) in the GHGRP . For the natural gas processing 
segment, throughput is the quantity of natural gas 
processed at a gas processing plant as per 40 CFR 
98.236(aa)(3)(ii). For liquid products, throughput is the 
volume of products delivered to an end point. Includes full 
year data for assets acquired in 2022.
1.3 Miles of Pipeline (Total Pipeline) Miles 28,599 29,745 30,157 Includes in-service pipelines per V2.0 definitions.
1.4 Carbon Accounting Basis for Data Operational/Equity/Financial Operational Operational Operational
Environment (1)
Hydrocarbon Releases
2.1 Number of hydrocarbon liquid releases beyond secondary containment > 5 bbl # 21 9 17
2.2 Volume of hydrocarbon liquid releases beyond secondary containment > 5 bbl bbls 550 218 503
2.3 Hydrocarbon Liquid Releases Intensity per Mile of Pipeline - Total bbl/mile 0.019 0.007 0.017
Emissions
2.4 Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2) - Total mt CO2e 12,003,000 13,222,000 14,162,000
2.4.1  Scope 1 GHG Emissions - Total mt CO2e 8,707 ,000 9,531,000† 10,168,000† Sources included in Scope 1 GHG Emissions - Total 
include sites not required to report under the EPA 
GHGRP .  Emissions from saltwater disposal sites and 
glycol dehydrators at well sites are not applicable to 
Targa Resources. Includes full-year data for assets 
acquired in 2022. We continue to evaluate our approach to 
inventorying, calculating, and reporting GHG emissions to 
reflect accepted practices, industry trends, and enhance 
accuracy. The 2024 total CO2e emissions uses the revised 
global warming potentials finalized by EPA in 40 CFR § 98, 
Table A-1 (May 2024) for methane and nitrous oxides.
2.4.1.1  Scope 1 CO2 Emissions - Total mt CO2 8,261,000 9,030,000 9,603,000
2.4.1.2  Scope 1 Methane Emissions - Total mt CH4 17 ,700 19,660 20,030
2.4.1.3 Scope 1 Nitrous Oxide Emissions - Total mt N2O 14 15 16
2.4.1.4  Percent of Scope 1 emissions that are methane % 5% 5% 6%
Data & Disclosures
812024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Metric Unit 2022 2023 2024
Comments, Links, Additional Information, and 
Notes
Activity
2.4.2 Scope 1 GHG Emissions - EPA mt CO2e 8,701,000 9,526,000† 10,155,000†
Includes full-year data for assets acquired in 2022. 
The 2024 total CO2e emissions uses the revised global 
warming potentials finalized by EPA in § 98, Table A-1 (May 
2024) for methane and nitrous oxides
2.4.2.1 Scope 1 CO2 Emissions - EPA mt CO2 8,255,000 9,032,000 9,593,000
2.4.2.2 Scope 1 Methane Emissions - EPA mt CH4 17 ,660 19,650 19,930
2.4.2.3 Scope 1 Nitrous Oxide Emissions - EPA mt N2O 14 14 15
2.4.3 Scope 2 GHG Emissions mt CO2e 3,296,000† 3,691,000† 3,994,000† Scope 2 GHG Emissions calculated on location-based 
method. Includes full year data for assets acquired in 2022.
2.5 Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2) Intensity per Thousand BOE- Total mt CO2e/Thousand BOE 8.11 8.12 8.01
2.6 Scope 1 Methane Emissions Intensity per ONE Future Methodology                               
2.6.1 For Transmission and Storage Sector % N/A N/A N/A
2.6.2 For Processing Sector % 0.033 0.032 0.035
2.6.3 For Gathering and Boosting Sector % 0.139 0.112 0.112
2.6.4 For Production Sector % N/A N/A N/A
2.7 Does the company participate in an external emissions reduction program? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes Targa is a member of ONE Future and The Environmental 
Partnership. 
2.8 Does the company have a greenhouse gas emissions reduction target? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
Targa’s methane intensity targets are as follows: 
Processing Sector 0.11% by 2025, Gathering & Boosting 
0.08% by 2025. Match OneFuture Goal (p. 20 of OneFuture 
Annual Report). 
2.9 NOx Emissions Metric Tons 8,746 7 ,918 7 ,616
Criteria pollutants are comprised of direct emissions 
from Targa operations that are required to be reported 
to federal and/or state environmental agencies. These 
emissions are typically reviewed annually and may change 
with their review of our reports.  NOx, CO, SO2, and VOC 
emission totals reported here for RY2023 have been 
revised based on agency review of prior submission. 
Previously disclosed totals (expressed in thousand tons) 
for RY2023 were as follows: NOx 9.7 , CO 7 .5, SO2 3.8,  
VOCs 8.9.
2.10 SOx Emissions Metric Tons 2,507 2,537 1,547
2.11 VOC Emissions Metric Tons 5,495 7 ,298 8,345
2.12 % of electricity used that is renewable % 0.00 0.00 0.00
EIC Midstream Template V2.0
Data & Disclosures
822024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Metric Unit 2022 2023 2024
Comments, Links, Additional Information, and 
Notes
Activity
2.13 Did the company bank GHG reductions from Carbon Capture and Storage Projects? Yes/No No No No
2.14 Does the company seek third party data verification for any environmental metrics? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes Limited assurance was obtained on select Environmental 
metrics for 2022, 2023, and 2024.
Asset Diversification and Biodiversity
2.15
Does the company participate in any efforts to expand the share of alternative/
renewable energy sources in the company’s portfolio? If yes, please provide links to 
ESG reports, webpages and other disclosures as support.
Yes/No Yes Yes Yes See Targa Sustainability Report posted at www.
targaresources.com/sustainability
2.16 Does the company have a biodiversity policy or commitment for new and existing 
assets? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
(1) In March 2022, the SEC proposed extensive climate change disclosure regulation, that, if adopted, would likely require companies to provide more detailed and complex environmental disclosures than contemplated by this template. For example, compliance with the 
“Emissions” section of this template would likely not be adequate for the purposes of compliance with the SEC’s proposed regulation. The proposed regulation also contemplates significant expanded disclosures regarding companies’ climate change-related governance, 
strategy, goals and metrics and risk analyses. For considerations regarding compliance with the proposed climate change disclosure regulations or other regulatory or legislative matters, companies should seek the advice of counsel.
Social
3.1 Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) - employees # 0.73† 0.74† 0.77†
3.2 Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) for major growth projects - contractors # 0.85 0.00 0.50
3.3 Days away, restricted or transferred (DART) - employees # 0.64† 0.63† 0.36†
3.4 Days away, restricted or transferred (DART) for major growth projects - contractors # 0.43 0.00 0.00
3.5 Lost Time Incident Rate (L TIR) - employees # 0.54 0.30 0.31
3.6 Lost Time Incident Rate (L TIR) for major growth projects - contractors # 0.14 0.00 0.00
3.7 Fatalities - employees # 0† 0† 1†
3.8 Fatalities - contractors # 0 0 0
3.9 Does the company have an indigenous engagement policy or commitment for new 
and existing assets? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
3.10 % workforce that is female % 15% 15% 15%
3.11 % workforce from minority groups (EEOC defined) % 33% 35% 36%
EIC Midstream Template V2.0
Data & Disclosures
832024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Metric Unit 2022 2023 2024
Comments, Links, Additional Information, and 
Notes
Activity
3.13 Does the company seek third party data verification for any social metrics? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes Limited assurance was obtained on select Social metrics 
for 2022, 2023, and 2024.
3.14 $ invested in local communities per every $100,000 of adjusted EBITDA US $ N/A N/A N/A Not available.
Governance
Diversity
4.1 % directors that are female % 27% 27% 36%
4.2 % corporate officers (VP and up) that are female % 14% 14% 13%
4.3 % directors from minority groups (EEOC defined) % 18% 18% 18%
4.4 % corporate officers (VP and up) from minority groups (EEOC defined) % 5% 5% 7%
4.5 Is any director under the age of 50? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
Directors
4.6 % independent directors % 73% 73% 91%
4.7 How many directors received less than 80% votes cast in favor when running 
unopposed in last 5 years? # 0 1 1 Paul Chung in 2023 and Lindsey Cooksen in 2024.
4 . 7.1 Does the company have a formal ESG oversight structure with associated 
accountability? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
4.8 Does the company have directors with risk management experience? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
Compensation
4.9 Has the company received less than 70% support for Say On Pay in any of the last 5 
years? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes Yes, in 2020. See the 2020 Annual Meeting 8-K filed May 
20, 2020
4.10 What % of CEO target pay is performance-based? % 91% at-risk 90% at-risk 91% at-risk
4.11 What % of CEO target pay is equity-based? % 73% of target 74% of target 74% of target
4.12 Are there any shareholder return metrics (total return, return on invested capital, 
etc.) in any NEO equity compensation plan? Yes/No Yes-TSR Yes-TSR Yes - TSR
4.13 Is at least 10% of Named Executive Officer (NEO) short-term incentive (STI) or long-
term incentive (L TI) linked to E or S metrics? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
EIC Midstream Template V2.0
Data & Disclosures
842024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Metric Unit 2022 2023 2024
Comments, Links, Additional Information, and 
Notes
Activity
4.14 Does the company tie any amount of pay for management and/or employees to ESG 
objectives? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes 
Share Ownership
4.15 Have any corporate officers or directors made share purchases with personal funds 
in the last 5 years? Yes/No Yes Yes No
Board Oversight
Which of these data sets are collected and shared with board?
4.16.1 Voluntary employee turnover company-wide and by at least one additional 
level (e.g. business unit, location, or division) Yes/No No No No Turnover rate not reviewed at additional levels with 
board.
4.16.2 % of employees who participate in company sponsored matching gift 
programs and/or volunteer for corporate sponsored charitable events Yes/No No No No
4.16.3 Gender Pay Ratio Yes/No No No No
4.16.4 Underlying data from an employee satisfaction survey that is anonymous and 
at least annual Yes/No No No No
Supply Chain
4.17 Does the company require suppliers to sign off on a code of conduct or equivalent 
codes? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes MSA suppliers must sign; See Supplier Code of 
Conduct in Sustainability Report. 
Cybersecurity
Does the company undertake any of the following to manage cybersecurity risk?
4.18.1     Mandatory employee training Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
4.18.2     Adherence to industry cybersecurity standards Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
4.18.3     Ongoing evaluation of the threat landscape Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
4.19 Does the company publish an annual proxy statement? Yes/No Yes Yes Yes
Note: Governmental bodies and investors are increasingly focused on companies’ ESG practices and disclosures, and increasingly there are proposed and adopted regulations, legislation and investor expectations that can have a direct impact on companies seeking to comply 
through disclosure. While this template provides one approach to reporting on various ESG matters, it does not take all voluntary frameworks or standards into consideration, nor is it designed to address proposed or adopted regulations and legislation. For compliance with 
proposed or adopted regulations and legislation, companies should seek the advice of counsel.        
       
† - These metrics received limited assurance by a third-party auditor. The third-party audit report is available at targaresources.com/sustainability for the 2024 metrics. The full-year 2022 and 2023 metrics have also been subject to previous limited assurance attestation 
procedures.
EIC Midstream Template V2.0
Data & Disclosures
852024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
GRI Standard Oil and Gas 
Sector Standard Disclosures Description Location or Answer
GENERAL DISCLOSURE
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 Organizational profile
2-1 Organizational details Targa Resources Corp; Sustainability Report, subsection Forward: About Targa
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability reporting Sustainability Report - subsection Foreward: About Targa; 
2024 Annual report on Form 10-K
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point
Sustainability Report - subsection Foreward: About Targa 
Annual reporting: January 1, 2024 - December 31, 2024;  
Melanie Roberts, VP , Sustainability
2-4 Restatements of information
Noted in Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Tables, 
or EIC Template V2.0 where GHG Emissions, non-GHG emissions may be revised due to 
agency guidance
2-5 External assurance Independent limited assurance was obtained on select 2022, 2023, and 2024 
Environmental and Safety metrics.
Activities and Workers
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships 2024 Annual report on Form 10-K; Sustainability Report - subsection Foreward: About 
Targa; Sustainability Report - subsection Social; 
2-7 Employees
2024 Annual report on Form 10-K; Sustainability Report - subsection Foreward: About 
Targa; Sustainability Report - subsections Social, Performance Data Tables, EIC Template 
V2.0 
Governance
2-9 Governance structure and composition March 28, 2025 DEF 14A; Sustainability Report - subsection Governance
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance body March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the management of impacts March 28, 2025 DEF 14A; Sustainability Report - subsection Forward: About Targa
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts March 28, 2025 DEF 14A; Sustainability Report - subsection Forward: About Targa
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability reporting March 28, 2025 DEF 14A; Sustainability Report - subsection Forward: About Targa
2-15 Conflicts of interest March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
2-16 Communication of critical concerns March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest governance body March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
Data & Disclosures
862024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
GRI Standard Oil and Gas 
Sector Standard Disclosures Description Location or Answer
GENERAL DISCLOSURE
GRI 2: General 
Disclosures 2021 2-19 Remuneration policies March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
2-20 Process to determine remuneration March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
Strategy, policies, and practices
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy Sustainability Report - subsection Foreward: CEO Letter
2-23 Policy commitments Sustainability Report - subsections Social and Governance
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Sustainability Report - subsections Social and Governance
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts 2024 Annual report on Form 10-K; Sustainability Report - subsection Social
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Sustainability Report - subsections Social and Governance
2-28 Membership associations Sustainability Report - subsection Governance
Stakeholder engagement
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Sustainability Report - subsections Foreward: CEO Letter, Stakeholder Enagagement, 
Governance
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Targa has no collective bargaining agreements
TOPIC SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
Disclosures on material topics
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 3-1 Process to determine material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
3-2 List of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
ENVIRONMENTAL TOPICS
GHG emissions
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.1.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 302: Energy 2016 11.1.2 302-1 Energy consumption within the organization Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
Data & Disclosures
872024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
GRI Standard Oil and Gas 
Sector Standard Disclosures Description Location or Answer
GRI 305: Emissions 
2016 11.1.5 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
11.1.6 305-2 Direct (Scope 2) GHG emissions Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
11.1.7 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
11.1.8 305-4 GHG emission intensity Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
Climate adaptation, resilience, and transition
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.2.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 201: Economic 
Performance 2016 11.2.2 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change TCFD table published on www.targaresources.com; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 305: Emissions 
2016 11.2.3 305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental
Air emissions
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.3.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 305: Emissions 
2016 11.3.2 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other 
significant air emissions
Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
Biodiversity
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.4.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 304: Biodiversity 
2016 11.4.2 304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, or adjacent to, protected areas and 
areas of high biodiversity value outside protected areas Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental
11.4.3 304-2 Significant impacts to activities, products, and services on biodiversity Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
11.4.4 304-3 Habitats protected or restored Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
11.4.5 304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitat in 
areas affected by operations
Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
Water and effluents
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.6.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
Data & Disclosures
882024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
GRI Standard Oil and Gas 
Sector Standard Disclosures Description Location or Answer
GRI 303: Water and 
Effluents 2018 11.6.2 303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental
11.6.4 306-3 Water withdrawal Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
11.6.5 306-4 Water discharge Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
11.6.6 306-5 Water consumption Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental, Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
Asset integrity and critical incident management
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.8.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 306: Effluents and 
Waste 2016 11.8.2 306-3 Significant spills Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental; Performance Data Table, EIC Template 
V2.0
SOCIAL TOPICS
Occupational Health and Safety
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.9.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 403: Occupational 
Health and Safety 2018 11.9.2 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system Sustainability Report - subsection Safety
11.9.3 403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation Sustainability Report - subsection Safety
11.9.4 403-3 Occupational health services Sustainability Report - subsection Safety
11.9.5 403-4 Workers representation in formal joint management-worker health and safety 
committees Sustainability Report - subsection Safety
11.9.6 403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety Sustainability Report - subsection Safety
11.9.7 403-6 Promotion of work health Sustainability Report - subsection Safety
11.9.8 403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly 
linked by business relationships Sustainability Report - subsection Safety
11.9.9 403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety management system Sustainability Report - subsection Safety
11.9.10 403-9 Work-related injuries (partial) Sustainability Report - subsection Safety, Performance Data Table, EIC Template V2.0
Employment practices
Data & Disclosures
892024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
GRI Standard Oil and Gas 
Sector Standard Disclosures Description Location or Answer
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.10.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 401: Employment 
2016 11.10.2 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover Sustainability Report - subsection Social
11.10.4 401-3 Parental leave Sustainability Report - subsection Social
GRI 404: Training and 
Education 2016 11.10.6 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Sustainability Report - subsections Safety, Social
Non-discrimination and equal opportunity
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.11.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 401: Employment 
2016 11.11.3 401-3 Parental leave Sustainability Report - subsection Social
GRI 404: Training and 
Education 2016 11.11.4 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Sustainability Report - subsections Safety, Social
GRI 405: Diversity and 
Inclusion 2016 11.11.5 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees Sustainability Report - subsections Social, Governance, Performance Data Table, EIC 
Template V2.0
Economic impacts
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.14.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 201: Economic 
Performance 2016 11.14.2 201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed 2024 Annual report on Form 10-K
Local communities
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.15.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 413: Local 
Communities 2016
11.15.2 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and 
development programs
Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
11.15.3 413-2 Operations with significant actual and potential negative impacts on local 
communities
Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
Land and resource rights
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.16.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
Rights of indigenous peoples
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.17 .1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
Data & Disclosures
902024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index
GRI Standard Oil and Gas 
Sector Standard Disclosures Description Location or Answer
GRI 411: Rights of 
Indigenous Peoples 
2016
11.17 .2 411-1 Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous peoples
Sustainability Report - subsection Social 
Targa Resources has had no violations involving the rights of Indigenous Peoples for the 
reporting period.
Anti-corruption
GRI 3: Material Topics 
2021 11.20.1 3-3 Management of material topics Sustainability Report - subsection Foreword: About This Report, Sustainability at Targa, 
Sustainability Governance, Stakeholder Engagement; March 28, 2025 DEF 14A
GRI 205:  
Anti-corruption 2016 11.20.3 205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures Sustainability Report - subsection Governance
Data & Disclosures
912024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index
SASB Topic SASB code Accounting Metric Disclosure Level Location or Direct Answer
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
EM-MD-110a.12,3 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage methane, 
percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations Disclosed
Sustainability Report - subsections Environmental, Performance Data Tables, EIC 
Template V2.0. 99% of our operations covered by the EPA GHG reporting rule. 0% 
covered under emissions-limiting regulations.
EM-MD-110a.2
Discussion of long- and short-term strategy or plan to manage 
Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis 
of performance against those targets
Partial Sustainability Report - subsections Environmental, Performance Data Tables, EIC 
Template V2.0.
Air Quality EM-MD-120a.13
Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOx (excluding 
N2O), (2) SOx, (3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) 
particulate matter (PM10)
Disclosed Sustainability Report - subsections Environmental, Performance Data Tables, EIC 
Template V2.0.
Ecological Impacts
EM-MD-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and 
practices for active operations Disclosed Sustainability Report - subsection Environmental
EM-MD-160a.2 Percentage of land owned, leased, and/or operated within areas 
of protected conservation status or endangered species habitat Disclosed Sustainability Report - subsections Environmental, Performance Data Tables
EM-MD-160a.3 (1) Terrestrial acreage disturbed,  
(2) percentage of impacted area restored Not Disclosed Not tracked
EM-MD-160a.4
(1) Number and (2) aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, 
(3) volume in Arctic, (4) volume in sites with high biodiversity 
significance, and (5) volume recovered
Partial 
Sustainability Report - subsections Performance Data Tables, EIC Template V2.0. 
Targa does not have operations in the Arctic. Targa attempts to recover 100% of 
spilled volumes, when practicable; however, does not currently track exact totals.
Competitive Behavior EM-MD-520a.1
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with federal pipeline and storage 
regulations
Not Disclosed Not tracked
Operational Safety, Emergency 
Preparedness, and Response
EM-MD-540a.1 (1) Number of reportable pipeline incidents, (2) percentage 
significant Partial Sustainability Report - subsection Performance Data Tables
EM-MD-540a.2 Percentage of (1) natural gas and (2) hazardous liquids pipelines 
inspected Disclosed Sustainability Report - subsection Performance Data Tables
EM-MD-540a.3 Number of (1) accident releases and (2) non-accident releases 
(NARs) from rail transportation Not Disclosed This metric was deemed insignificant.
EM-MD-540a.4
Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture 
of safety and emergency preparedness throughout the value 
chain and throughout project lifecycles
Partial Sustainability Report - subsections Environmental, Safety and Social
SASB Topic SASB code Activity Metric Disclosure Level Location or Direct Answer
Activity Metrics EM-MD-000.A
Total metric tonne-kilometres of: (1) natural gas, (2) crude oil, 
and (3) refined petroleum products transported, by mode of 
transport
Disclosed Sustainability Report - subsection Performance Data Tables, Website Sustainability 
Page
1. SASB Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector Oil & Gas Midstream standard EM-MD, Version 2023-12, Table 1 and Table 2.      
2. Beginning in 2020, Targa completed an inventory estimating emissions from all facilities including those outside of the EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule boundary. The emission calculation methodology is prepared in accordance with 
the Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule. 
3. As reported to state and federal agencies. 
The following table provides reference to key performance data that aligns with the SASB industry specific reporting disclosures and where the specific information can be found in this report. 1
Data & Disclosures
922024 Annual Sustainability Report
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance

Forward-looking Statements
Certain statements in this Report are “forward-looking statements” within 
the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and 
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You can 
typically identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as 
“may,” “could,” “project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “continue,” “estimate,” 
“goal,” “target,” “potential,” “plan,” “forecast,” “scheduled,” “will,” “would,” and 
other similar words. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, 
included in this Report that address activities, events, or developments that 
Targa expects, believes, or anticipates will or may occur in the future, are 
forward-looking statements. In particular, this Sustainability Report contains 
forward-looking statements pertaining to, but not limited to, information 
with respect to the following: Targa’s strategic plan, priorities, outlook, 
and expected performance; sustainability goals, strategies, priorities, and 
initiatives, including, among others, those related to greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions reduction including our goals regarding methane reduction and 
safety; our plans to achieve our sustainability goals and to monitor and 
report our progress thereon; sustainability engagement, commitments, and 
disclosure; low carbon and new energies opportunities and strategy; and other 
related items.
The actual conduct of our activities, including the development, 
implementation, or continuation of any goals, strategies, priorities, and 
initiatives discussed or forecasted in this Report may differ materially 
in the future. Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics, 
and measurements used in preparing this Report and the forward-
looking statements contained herein continue to evolve and are based 
on management assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of 
preparation, but should not be considered guarantees. These forward-looking 
statements in this Report rely on a number of assumptions concerning future 
events and are subject to a number of uncertainties, factors, and risks, many of 
which are outside Targa’s control, which could cause results to differ materially 
from those expected by management. Such risks and uncertainties include, 
but are not limited to, weather, political, economic, and market conditions, 
including a decline in the price of and market demand for natural gas, natural 
gas liquids, and crude oil, the expected growth of volumes on our systems, 
the impact of significant public health crises, commodity price volatility due 
to ongoing or new global conflicts, actions taken by other countries with 
significant hydrocarbon production, the impact of disruptions in the bank 
and capital markets, including those resulting from lack of access to liquidity 
for banking and financial services firms, changes in laws and regulations, 
particularly with regard to taxes, tariffs and international trade, the impact 
of continued inflation and associated changes in monetary policy, the timing 
and success of our completion of capital projects and business development 
efforts, Targa’s ability to gather reliable data regarding the environmental 
impact (including GHG emissions) of its operations and technologies, the 
consistency or inconsistency of approaches to measuring and reporting 
on various environmental and social matters, the availability and relative 
attractiveness of renewable and low carbon business opportunities and 
solutions, Targa’s ability to successfully implement various sustainability and 
emission management and reduction initiatives throughout the organization, 
Targa’s ability to reach its environmental goals, the compliance of various 
third parties and contractors with Targa’s policies and procedures and legal 
requirements, risks related to Targa’s public statements with respect to 
sustainability matters, such as emissions reduction goals, other environmental 
targets, or other commitments addressing certain social issues, such 
as employment practices and social initiatives, that may be subject to 
heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities related to the 
risk of potential “greenwashing”, i.e., alleged misleading information or false 
claims overstating potential sustainability-related benefits or actions, which 
could lead to increased litigation risk from private parties and governmental 
authorities or regulatory bodies related to Targa’s sustainability-related 
efforts, and other uncertainties. Therefore, the reader should not place undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements. In addition, while Targa has 
adopted policies and practices aimed at encouraging suppliers, contractors, 
and other third parties to adhere to certain practices regarding environmental, 
safety, and compliance matters, Targa cannot and does not guarantee third-
party compliance with the policies and practices it adopts. In addition to the 
risks described above, other applicable uncertainties, factors, and risks are 
described more fully in Targa’s filings with the United States Securities and 
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including its most recent Annual Report 
on Form 10-K, and any subsequently filed Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and 
Current Reports on Form 8-K. Targa may include additional risk disclosures 
in future filings with the SEC, and the reader should consider how any future 
risk disclosures may further inform any forward-looking statements contained 
herein. Other unpredictable or unknown factors not discussed in this Report 
could also have material effects on Targa, its operations or the outcomes 
described in the forward-looking statements in this Report. The forward-
looking statements and statements of intention in this Report speak only as 
of the date of the preparation of this Report. Targa does not undertake, and 
expressly disclaims, any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking 
statement or statements of intention, whether as a result of new information, 
future events, or otherwise.
While this Report describes potential future events and matters that may be 
significant, and with respect to which we may even use the word “material” 
or “materiality,” the potential significance of these events and matters should 
not be read as equating to “materiality” as the concept is used in connection 
with Targa’s required disclosures made in response to SEC and exchange rules 
and regulations. Targa uses different approaches to materiality in determining 
what to include in this Report versus what to include in its SEC filings.
Moreover, while we have provided information on several sustainability topics, 
there are inherent uncertainties in providing such information, due to the 
complexity and novelty of many methodologies established for collecting, 
measuring, and analyzing sustainability data. While we anticipate continuing 
to monitor and report on certain sustainability information, we cannot 
guarantee that such data will be consistent year-to-year, as methodologies 
and expectations continue to evolve. Moreover, we hereby expressly disclaim 
any obligation or duty not otherwise required by legal, contractual, and 
other regulatory requirements to update, correct, provide additional details 
regarding, supplement, or continue providing such data, in any form, in 
the future. We note that methodologies regarding setting, measuring, and 
reporting against various emissions metrics and goals continue to evolve. Our 
approach to setting, measuring, and reporting on various emissions metrics, 
including our emissions-related goals, may change or subject us to scrutiny in 
the future. Moreover, under current or future approaches to setting, measuring 
or reporting on various emissions metrics, we may not be able to meet our 
goals and targets, which could have a significant negative impact on our 
business or reputation, or subject us to stakeholder or regulatory scrutiny. 
The information contained in this Report may be modified, updated, changed, 
deleted, or supplemented from time to time without notice and we reserve the 
right to make any such modifications in our sole discretion. Some of the data 
provided in this report may be estimated or reliant on estimated information, 
which is inherently imprecise. While we endeavor to note throughout this 
report where such estimates are made, we cannot guarantee that estimates 
are identified as such in every instance. In some cases, the information is 
prepared, or based on information prepared, by third-party vendors and 
consultants and is not independently verified by Targa. Furthermore, unless 
explicitly noted in each instance where it occurs, the relevant sustainability-
related data provided in this report has not been audited or subject to any 
third-party assurance process. This data should not be interpreted as any form 
of guaranty or assurance of future results or trends.
Targa acknowledges that while trade associations and collaborative industry 
groups serve important functions in our industry, they also warrant extra care 
in complying with the antitrust laws. It is our policy that our Company and all 
of our employees comply strictly with all applicable antitrust laws, and avoid 
conversations or actions that could be viewed as acting in concert with others 
to restrain trade or competition.
Unless otherwise provided, the information contained in this Report is 
expressly not incorporated by reference into any filing of Targa made with the 
SEC, or any other filing, report, application, or statement made by Targa to any 
federal, state, tribal, or local governmental authority.
Foreword Environmental Safety Social Governance
932024 Annual Sustainability Report
Data & Disclosures