Corporate
Sustainability Report
Environmental
Social
Governance
2021-2022
Sustainability
in action.

Mission: Why We Exist
We deliver energy products 
and services vital to an 
advancing world.
Vision: What We Want to Be
To create exceptional value 
for our stakeholders by 
providing solutions for a 
transforming energy future.
Core Values: Our Compass
Safety and Environmental
We commit to a zero-incident culture for the 
well-being of our employees, contractors 
and communities and to operate in an 
environmentally responsible manner.
Ethics
We act with honesty, integrity and adherence 
to the highest standards of personal and 
professional conduct.
Diversity and Inclusion
We respect the uniqueness and worth of each 
employee, and believe that a diverse, inclusive 
workforce is essential for a sense of belonging, 
engagement and performance.
Excellence
We hold ourselves and others accountable to 
a standard of excellence through continuous 
improvement and teamwork.
Service
We invest our time, effort and resources to serve 
each other, our customers and communities.
Innovation
We seek to develop creative solutions by 
leveraging collaboration through ingenuity and 
technology.

ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
1
ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE) is a leading midstream service provider and owner of 
one of the nation’s premier natural gas liquids (NGL) systems, connecting NGL 
supply in the Rocky Mountain, Mid-Continent and Permian regions with key market 
centers and an extensive network of natural gas gathering, processing, storage and 
transportation assets. ONEOK is a Fortune 500 company headquartered in Tulsa, 
Oklahoma, and is included in the S&P 500.
2
4
8
9
10
62
62
64
72
80
12
24
50
Letter to Our Stakeholders
Energy in Action
Highlights and Recognition
Performance Targets
Transforming Energy Future
Appendix
About the Report
ESG Performance Data
SASB/GRI Index
TCFD Index
Environment
Social
Governance
TABLE OF CONTENTS

ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
2
CEO LETTER TO OUR STAKEHOLDERS
To Our Stakeholders, 
2021 provided another year of growth and progress for ONEOK – both in terms 
of our business and our sustainability efforts. 
We announced a new Mission, Vision and Core Values, which will underscore 
our strategy, operations and interactions with our stakeholders. Operating 
safely, sustainably and environmentally responsibly remains key to our success, 
and encouraging a culture of employee and stakeholder engagement will 
continue to drive our company forward. 
This report highlights the efforts we are taking to enhance our environmental, 
social and governance (ESG)-related programs, initiatives and disclosures, 
providing specific examples of how ONEOK is putting sustainability in action 
every day. 
One of our core values highlights safety and environmental responsibility. 
We remain focused on placing the health and safety of our communities 
and employees at the forefront of all we do through training, education and 
community outreach efforts. We also continue identifying opportunities to 
reduce our operational impact. In 2021, we announced an absolute greenhouse 
gas (GHG) emission reduction target, marking another major environmental 
milestone for our company. You can learn more about our GHG target and how 
we expect to achieve it in this report. 
In addition to this target, our dedicated sustainability and alternative energy 
solutions teams are actively researching opportunities that will complement 
our assets and expertise while enhancing our role in a lower-carbon economy. 
We will remain intentional in our focus and maintain capital discipline while 
developing these opportunities.
Another ONEOK core value is diversity and inclusion (D&I). We believe that a 
diverse and inclusive workforce is essential to our business and that unique 
perspectives challenge us to think differently and creatively about what we do. 
We continue to place an importance on expanding our D&I efforts by offering 
programming, learning events and mentoring opportunities to employees. 
Additionally, we have expanded our inclusive employee benefits, remain 
focused on diverse talent recruitment and supplier engagement, and continue 
to support D&I efforts in the communities where we operate. These efforts 
and more led to ONEOK receiving a perfect score in the latest Human Rights 
Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index for the second year in a row.

3
ONEOK’s sustainability efforts and commitments have been recognized by 
several other leading organizations and agencies as well. In 2021, ONEOK 
received an MSCI ESG Rating of AA, was named to JUST Capital’s list of 
Top 100 U.S. Companies Supporting Healthy Communities and Families, 
and received an ESG Risk Rating placing us in the top 10% in the refiners 
and pipelines industry assessed by Sustainalytics, to name a few. These 
recognitions highlight a number of the important things we are doing as a 
company to ensure ONEOK remains a great workplace, community partner 
and service provider. 
Our ESG-related performance is a source of pride for ONEOK, and we are 
committed to continuing to make progress while also remaining dedicated to 
delivering energy products and services vital to an advancing world. 
The U.S. energy industry is uniquely positioned to be a significant source 
for domestic and global natural gas and NGL supply for the long-term, with 
midstream playing a vital role in the safe and responsible transportation of 
these essential energy resources. 
The resilience of natural gas and NGLs has been proven through various 
commodity and economic cycles, severe weather events and international 
conflicts. Current events continue to demonstrate the importance of these 
products in a long-term energy transformation, and ONEOK is positioned 
to help address increasing energy demand while contributing to a secure, 
reliable, affordable and innovative energy future.
Through best management practices and industry collaborations, we are 
addressing the growing need for energy products and services today while 
also preparing for a long-term and lower-carbon energy future. 
ONEOK is working to demonstrate sustainability in action. Thank you for 
taking time to learn more about our efforts. 
Sincerely,
Pierce H. Norton II
President and Chief Executive Officer
"Operating safely, sustainably and environmentally responsibly 
remains key to our success, and encouraging a culture of 
employee and stakeholder engagement will continue to drive 
our company forward."

ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
4
ONEOK - 
Energy in Action
As a leading midstream energy service provider, we deliver energy that makes a 
difference. ONEOK plays a vital role in transporting the natural gas and NGLs that help 
meet domestic and international energy demand, contribute to energy security and 
touch our lives every day. The energy products we transport are used to heat homes, 
generate electricity and create end-use products that power healthier, safer and more 
connected lives.
Mont Belvieu NGL fractionation facilities

5
Oklahoma
Texas
New Mexico
Illinois
Indiana
Kentucky
Tennessee
PERMIAN BASIN
WILLISTON BASIN
POWDER RIVER 
BASIN
DENVER-
JULESBURG
BASIN
SCOOP
Minnesota
Iowa
Missouri
Arkansas
Louisiana
Wisconsin
North Dakota
South Dakota
Nebraska
Colorado
Kansas
Montana
Wyoming
STACK
OUR ASSETS Natural Gas  
Gathering Pipelines
Natural Gas 
Processing Plants
NGL Pipelines
NGL Fractionators
Partial Interest
Natural Gas Pipelines
Natural Gas Storage
Growth Projects
Basins

6
NATURAL GAS
As a lower-emission hydrocarbon-based fuel, 
natural gas plays a critical role in our daily lives, 
producing reliable and lower-carbon energy, 
compared with other fossil fuels. Natural gas 
provides nearly half of American households with 
dependable home heating and cooking. Over the 
past decade and a half, the U.S. power generation 
sector’s increased reliance on natural gas to 
produce electricity has helped the U.S. achieve 
significant emission reductions. 
NATURAL GAS LIQUIDS (NGLS)
NGLs – ethane, propane, butane, isobutane and 
natural gasoline – are frequently produced along 
with natural gas and crude oil. NGLs have many end-
uses, from home heating and transportation fuel to 
feedstocks for a range of products that help protect 
public health, improve our quality of life and promote 
economic growth.
Common Uses of Natural Gas
Common Uses of Natural Gas Liquids (NGLs)
Electricity Generation Transportation Fuel
Clothing, Technology, and Athletic 
Equipment
Health Care Products
Heating and Cooking Industrial/Manufacturing
Industrial/Manufacturing and  
Energy Infrastructure
Food Packaging
Building Materials
Transportation

Light-weight plastics  
from NGLs make up  
50% of a vehicle's volume  
but only 10% of its 
weight1
7
Improving Health Care 
NGLs and the products created from them are vital 
to the healthcare industry and addressing public 
health concerns. From applications in personal 
protective equipment to medical devices, NGLs 
make health care safer and more efficient. Propane 
and ethane, for example, serve as feedstocks to 
produce end-use health care items such as surgical 
and oxygen masks, gloves, sterile packaging, 
ventilators, syringes, IV bags, hand sanitizers, pill 
coatings and more. 
Increasing Food Safety and Reducing  
Food Waste 
Food packaging, created with NGL-based 
feedstocks, helps to reduce food waste, prevent 
contamination, increase portability and extend 
product shelf lives. Preserving fresh food and 
enhancing food safety is especially important 
in addressing hunger and reducing food and 
beverage costs around the world.
Interior Display 
Components
Seatbelts and 
Airbags
Engine Compartment 
Components
Headlights Door PanelsExterior Paint
Bumpers
Providing Safer and More Efficient 
Transportation
NGLs play an important role in contributing to 
stronger, lighter-weight vehicle components, 
greatly increasing fuel efficiency, producing fewer 
emissions and improving safety. From bumpers and 
dashboards to exterior paint, seatbelts, airbags and 
batteries used in some hybrid and electric vehicles, 
NGLs are essential in the production of many 
vehicle components.
1 Source: American Chemistry Council: https:/ /www.americanchemistry.com/chemistry-in-america/chemistry-in-everyday-products/automotive

ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
8
HIGHLIGHTS AND RECOGNITION
RECENT AWARDS
 ◆ Cornerstone Award Tulsa Area United Way.
 ◆ 2021 Mosaic Top Inclusive Workplace Tulsa Regional Chamber.
 ◆ Perfect Score - Corporate Equality Index 2021 and 2022  Human Rights Campaign Foundation.
 ◆ Top 100 U.S. Companies Supporting Healthy Communities and Families JUST Capital.
 ◆ Veteran Employer Champion 2021 Oklahoma Veteran Employer Champion Network.
 ◆ Environmental Stewardship Award Friends of the M.e.t.
 ◆ 2022 Safety Achievement Award for Employee Safety  American Gas Association.
Absolute greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
reduction target announced in 2021. Targeting a
2.2 million metric ton  
reduction
of combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2030 
(a 30% reduction in total operational emissions 
attributable to ONEOK assets in 2019).
On average, each employee completed 
approximately
60 training hours
during 2021 on topics such as ethics, 
environment, safety and health, technical skills, 
diversity and inclusion and more.
14th Corporate Sustainability Report.
>$8 million
in charitable contributions.
~4,800
volunteer hours.
215 communities
supported through contributions.
ONEOK's ESG Risk Rating places it in the 
top 10%
in the Refiners and Pipelines Industry assessed 
by Sustainalytics.
CDP questionnaires - rankings within the U.S. 
and Canada Oil and Gas sector.
Climate Change -
Top  30%
(C rated).
Water Security -
Top  15%
(C rated).
Included in more than
30 ESG-related stock market 
indices (as of June 2022).
Received an 
MSCI ESG Rating of AA
(as of 2021).
#5 out of 57 companies
assessed in the Oil and Gas Storage and 
Transportation Industry in the S&P Global 
Corporate Sustainability Assessment (as of 
March 1, 2022).
Qualified for inclusion
in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook in 
2021 and 2022 and the FTSE4 Good Index 
series as of June 2022.

ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
9
Electrification 
of natural gas 
compression assets.
Methane emission 
mitigation through 
best management 
practices.
System 
optimizations.
Collaborating with 
utility providers 
to increase the 
availability of 
lower-carbon power 
options.
ONEOK PERFORMANCE TARGETS
ENVIRONMENT
Absolute GHG Emissions Reduction Target
We have targeted a 2.2 million metric ton (MMT)  
reduction of our combined Scope 1 and Scope 
2 emissions by 2030 (a 30% reduction in total 
operational emissions attributable to ONEOK 
assets in 2019).
Learn more about our GHG reduction target in 
the Environment section of this report. Scope 
emissions definitions and examples are also 
included in the Environment section.
Agency Reportable Environmental Event Rate 
(AREER) 
AREER is an internal environmental metric that 
promotes continued reductions in releases and 
emissions events reportable to a state or federal 
agency. The AREER metric has been an element of 
ONEOK’s STI Plan for all employees since 2014. 
Since implementation of the metric, we have seen 
substantial overall reductions in our AREER rate, 
with the exception of 2021 performance. Our 2022 
target represents a nearly 5% improvement over 
2020 performance and emphasizes ONEOK's 
expectation for continued improvement.
SAFETY AND HEAL TH
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)
TRIR is the number of Occupational Safety and 
Health Administration (OSHA) recordable injuries 
and illnesses per 200,000 work hours. TRIR is 
part of our STI Plan performance criteria for all 
employees. Inclusion of this metric is designed 
to emphasize ONEOK’s commitment to safe 
operations and to reward safe behavior throughout 
the company.
View ONEOK's ESG Performance Data in the 
Appendix of this report for additional AREER and 
TRIR information.
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
2022 
Target
1.23 1.05 0.79 0.42 0.80 0.40
AREER
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
2022 
Target
0.78 0.58 0.32 0.69 0.45 0.31
TRIR
In September 2021, ONEOK announced a 
companywide greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
reduction target. ONEOK also sets additional 
ESG-related targets annually. These targets, 
which are highlighted below, promote continuous 
improvement and communicate our high 
expectations for leadership and employees.
Companywide targets set by our board of directors, 
including performance measures that are part of 
our Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan, are detailed 
below. Targets are based on ONEOK’s historical 
performance and top quartile peer company 
performance. ONEOK's GHG reduction target is not 
included in the company's STI Plan.
Emissions reduction 
opportunities include:

ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
10
Key business groups focused on enhancing 
ONEOK’s vital role in a transforming energy future 
include:
 ◆ Alternative Energy Solutions: focused on the 
evaluation and development of renewable energy 
and low-carbon projects. This group is actively 
evaluating opportunities that will complement 
our extensive midstream assets and expertise, 
strengthening the role we expect to play in the 
transformation to a lower-carbon economy.
 ◆ ONEOK Ventures: responsible for analyzing and 
advancing capital venture opportunities primarily 
focused on new and emerging energy-related 
technologies with long-term growth potential. 
 ◆ Sustainability: tasked with promoting 
sustainable practices and awareness in 
business planning and operations processes, 
and maintaining environmental and safety 
compliance across ONEOK’s operations. A key 
focus area includes greenhouse gas emissions 
and reductions.
These groups are working with ONEOK business 
segments, customers, service providers and 
various government agencies to identify potential 
low-carbon or emission-reducing projects. 
Opportunities under evaluation include the further 
electrification of compression assets that are 
currently powered by natural gas, potential carbon 
capture, use and storage (CCUS) opportunities; 
sourcing renewable energy for operations; and 
other longer-term opportunities such as hydrogen 
blending, transportation and storage.
Electrification of Compression Assets
Compression assets are vital to efficiently flowing 
natural gas through ONEOK’s pipelines. We 
utilize a significant amount of electric-powered 
compression across our operations. ONEOK’s 
natural gas gathering and processing segment's 
compression currently is more than 60% electric, 
with the Rocky Mountain region's compression 
more than 85% electric. Electric-powered 
compressors produce no Scope 1 combustion 
emissions and provide opportunities to reduce 
ONEOK’s total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
where renewable energy is available to power our 
compressors. For natural gas liquids pipelines, 
pump stations help NGLs to efficiently flow through 
pipeline systems. In ONEOK’s natural gas liquids 
segment, more than 95% of pump station power  
is electric.
Sourcing Renewable Energy for Operations
ONEOK’s existing assets and extensive operations 
position us to take advantage of energy produced 
from wind and solar. We have installed solar 
powered equipment at some of our facilities, 
and ONEOK purchases electricity generated by 
solar, wind and other renewables from electric 
providers located in regions conducive to 
renewable energy production. Approximately 30% 
of the current electrical supply in the regions we 
operate is sourced from renewables. In addition, 
we are evaluating other opportunities, such as the 
installation of commercial scale solar power plants 
at our processing facilities, pump stations and 
compressor stations. 
ONEOK's expansive energy infrastructure and midstream operating expertise position 
us well to play a vital role in a transforming energy future. ONEOK’s long-term business 
strategy includes potential renewable energy and low-carbon investment opportunities 
that contribute to long-term growth, profitability and business diversification.
Transforming  
Energy Future

11
CCUS Opportunities
We are evaluating the potential for implementing 
CCUS technology in North Dakota, Oklahoma, 
Kansas and Texas, where several of our assets are 
located near formations that could potentially be 
used for carbon sequestration. 
Hydrogen Transportation and Storage
Our existing assets and operational infrastructure 
also position us to participate in the potential 
transition to a low-carbon hydrogen economy. 
While we believe there is a potential future 
opportunity for us, the technologies and markets 
to support a hydrogen economy are still being 
developed, and we are in the early stages of 
participating in several related studies and 
exploring the scope of low carbon hydrogen 
opportunities.
ONEOK participates in multiple low-carbon and 
sustainable energy-focused initiatives and research 
projects, including: 
 ◆ Carbon Utilization and Storage Partnership 
(CUSP) – a U.S. Department of Energy (DOE)-
funded initiative established to accelerate 
regional CCUS technology development. ONEOK 
is working with the Kansas Geological Survey 
to study the potential for CO2 sequestration 
and hydrogen storage around several of 
the company’s NGL facilities in Kansas and 
Oklahoma. 
 ◆ H2@Scale Texas and Beyond – part of the U.S. 
DOE’s larger H2@Scale initiative to advance 
affordable hydrogen production, storage, 
distribution and use across multiple industry 
sectors. The project includes multiple energy 
industry partners. H2@Scale’s focus includes 
renewable hydrogen generation, vehicle fueling, 
market demand and economic analysis, and 
a study to determine the effects of hydrogen 
blending in natural gas pipelines.
 ◆ Pipeline Blending CRADA – A HyBlend Project 
– a U.S. DOE initiative to research opportunities 
for hydrogen blending in natural gas pipelines. 
The project includes more than 20 energy 
industry participants, national labs and academic 
institutions. Main focus areas of the study include 
materials compatibility research, hydrogen life-
cycle testing and economic analysis related to 
hydrogen blending for pipeline transportation. 
 ◆ OK H2 Task Force – the Oklahoma Hydrogen 
Production, Transportation and Infrastructure 
Task Force was established in 2021 to study 
hydrogen market dynamics and Oklahoma’s 
potential for a hydrogen economy. The task force 
ultimately developed and submitted a report to 
Oklahoma governmental leaders outlining the 
state’s extensive resources that could support a 
low-carbon hydrogen economy and the potential 
economic impact of producing and transporting 
hydrogen.

12
ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
ENVIRONMENT
Operating in an environmentally 
responsible manner is one of ONEOK's 
core values. W e work to minimize 
the impact of our operations on the 
environment while maintaining safe 
and reliable service for our customers.

Environment
13
EMISSIONS REDUCTION AND CLIMATE 
CHANGE
ONEOK recognizes that climate change may 
pose a number of risks and opportunities to our 
business. Our board of directors and executive 
management team evaluate climate-related risks 
and opportunities in connection with corporate 
strategic planning, including discussions related 
to reducing emissions and energy transformation. 
ONEOK’s board of directors is involved in our 
company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
process and the evaluation of its effectiveness. 
Climate-related considerations are included as part 
of our ERM process.
Managing greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and 
the expectations of our stakeholders regarding 
responsible climate stewardship is vital to our 
long-term success. ONEOK has identified GHG 
emissions as an important area of focus, and we 
continuously look for opportunities to reduce 
emissions through strategic programs and 
initiatives.
GHG Emissions Reduction Targets
In September 2021, ONEOK announced a 
companywide GHG emissions reduction target. 
ONEOK is targeting a 2.2 million metric ton (MMT) 
reduction of our combined Scope 1 and Scope 
2 emissions by 2030 (a 30% reduction in total 
operational emissions attributable to ONEOK 
assets in 2019).
Some emission reduction opportunities include: 
 ◆ The further electrification of certain natural gas 
compression assets.
 ◆ Implementing additional methane emission 
mitigation through best management practices. 
Examples include methane leak detection and 
repair, equipment and engineering controls 
to reduce methane from blowdowns and 
compressor venting and the replacement of 
certain natural gas driven pneumatic devices. 
 ◆ System optimizations such as increasing the 
utilization of our most efficient assets. 
 ◆ Collaborating with utility providers to increase the 
availability of lower-carbon power options.
Additionally, ONEOK is a member of Our Nation’s 
Energy Future Coalition (ONE Future), an industry-
led natural gas group dedicated to voluntarily 
achieving meaningful reductions in methane 
emissions across the natural gas value chain. 
Through the coalition, ONEOK has committed 
to achieve a sector-specific methane emissions 
intensity target for our natural gas transmission 
and storage operations by 2025. In 2020, ONEOK 
reported a methane emissions intensity of 
0.022% for our natural gas transmission and 
storage operations. ONEOK's emissions intensity 
contributes to meeting the ONE Future goal of 
0.301% for the combined methane emissions 
intensity of the transmission and storage sector 
members.
We continue to evaluate the expectations of 
the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), a voluntary framework 
for climate-related assessment and reporting. 
Framework recommendations outline four core 
reporting elements – Strategy, Governance, Risk 
Management, and Metrics and Targets. Current 
disclosures that align with TCFD can be found in 
the appendix of this report. 
2.2 MMT 
Absolute  
Reduction
Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions by 2030.
Targeting a
Methane Emissions Intensity - ONE Future (2020)
Transmission and  
Storage Sector 
Members
0.022%
0.142%
ONE Future Target:
0.301%
ONEOK

14
Environment
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
Tracking our emissions provides a baseline for 
evaluating performance and identifying reduction 
opportunities. We report Scope 1 emissions 
according to the EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting 
Program (GHGRP) from all facilities that ONEOK 
operates, including those that do not meet the 
reporting threshold for the GHGRP. For Scope 
2 emissions, we report emissions annually 
attributable to electricity consumption using the 
GHG Protocol’s location-based methodology and 
EPA published grid data. For Scope 3 emissions, 
we report GHG emissions attributable to Subpart 
NN - Suppliers of Natural Gas & Natural Gas 
Liquids.
The table below shows our Scope 1, Scope 2 and 
Scope 3 emissions performance over the past 
three years. See our ESG Performance Data for 
more information.
Million Metric Tons (MMT) CO₂e2 2019 2020 2021
Scope 1 4.2 3.8 3.8
Carbon Dioxide 3.1 2.7 2.9
Methane (CO₂e) 1.1 1.0 0.9
Nitrous Oxide (CO₂e) 0.003 0.003 0.001
Scope 2 3.0 2.5 2.7
Scope 3* 57.4 60.4 66.7
Total Greenhouse Gas Emissions
*Scope 3 emissions reported according to Subpart NN - Suppliers of Natural Gas & Natural Gas Liquids, part of the GHGRP.
2  Carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) is a metric used to compare the emissions from various GHGs based on their global-
warming potential. It is determined by multiplying the tons of a specific GHG by its associated global-warming potential.

15
Environment
ONEOK Examples: 
 ◆ Natural gas combustion from compressor engines and 
process heaters.
 ◆ Emissions that escape from operating equipment.
 ◆ Releases from venting sources such as relief valves.
ONEOK Example: 
 ◆ Emissions from the generation of purchased electricity 
used to power plants, fractionators, pump stations and 
other assets.
ONEOK Examples: 
 ◆ Emissions that would result from the use of NGL products 
delivered to customers. 
 ◆ NGL products - ethane, propane, butane, isobutane and 
natural gasoline - are assumed to be fully combusted or 
oxidized by downstream customers such as petrochemical, 
industrial and marketing companies.
 ◆ ONEOK reports Scope 3 emissions according to Subpart 
NN - Suppliers of Natural Gas and Natural Gas Liquids, part 
of the GHGRP. Emissions do not include the sale of natural 
gas to end users.
Scope Emissions
Scope 1
Direct emissions from company-owned and controlled 
sources.
Scope 2
Indirect emissions from the generation of purchased 
power. These emissions occur at the facility where they are 
generated, such as a utility, but are accounted for at the 
organization where the power is consumed.
Scope 3
Any indirect emissions not included in Scope 2 that occur in 
the value chain of the reporting company, including upstream 
and downstream emissions from assets not owned or 
controlled by the reporting company. Scope 3 emissions fall 
within 15 categories, though not every category is relevant for 
all organizations.

16
Environment
Emissions Management 
To manage our emissions, we focus on operational 
efficiencies, investments in emissions-reducing 
process improvements, leveraging new 
technologies and exploring lower-carbon business 
opportunities. 
Current GHG reduction efforts include continuing to:
 ◆ Improve the efficiency of various pipelines, 
natural gas processing facilities and NGL 
fractionation facilities. 
 ◆ Implement emissions control technologies where 
practical and evaluate opportunities for carbon 
capture.
 ◆ Implement practices and engineering controls 
designed to reduce the loss of methane from 
facilities.
 ◆ Increase the use of electric-powered 
compression across ONEOK’s operations.
 ◆ Pursue renewable natural gas (RNG) 
opportunities. ONEOK is currently connected 
with four RNG facilities, resulting in a reduction 
of more than 650,000 metric tons of CO₂e from 
being released.
 ◆ Leverage technology that facilitates the fast 
detection of methane emissions including optical 
gas imaging (OGI) cameras, photoionization 
detectors, flame ionization detectors and 
ultrasonic technology. 
To foster improvement, the CEO Environment, Safety and 
Health (ESH) Leadership Award is presented annually to 
ONEOK operating groups that demonstrate exceptional 
environmental, safety and health performance. The 
award aims to recognize accomplishments and highlight 
leading practices across the company. The 2021 award 
was presented to the Natural Gas Liquids Fractionation 
and Storage segment for the group's proactive initiatives 
and strong performance related to environmental impact 
reduction, sustainability and process safety.
Collaborating with producers to reduce 
well-head flaring.
ONEOK has added approximately 
1.5 billion cubic feet per day 
of processing capacity
in North Dakota with ONEOK infrastructure 
investments totaling more than $3.5 billion 
in the last 10 years to help increase natural 
gas capture.
Statewide flaring has 
decreased to 6% in 2022
from a high of 36% in 2011.

17
Environment
Asset Planning and Updates 
Methane Leak Detection: ONEOK voluntarily 
uses advanced light detection and ranging (LiDAR) 
technology, usually attached to a helicopter, to 
perform aerial methane leak detection surveys of 
our intrastate and interstate natural gas pipeline 
systems. The detailed data captured is used to 
identify, analyze and address leaks faster. This 
technology also can be used to pinpoint leaks after 
natural disasters such as floods and tornadoes. 
Voluntary OGI Monitoring Program: ONEOK 
instituted a voluntary Optical Gas Imaging (OGI) 
Monitoring Program in 2020 to monitor fugitive 
emissions at selected ONEOK assets that are 
not currently subject to mandatory EPA fugitive 
emission monitoring regulations. The program 
uses OGI infrared cameras to survey for fugitive 
hydrocarbon emissions from equipment and 
facilitates repairs if needed.
Remote Monitoring Network: ONEOK is also in 
the final stages of a multiyear initiative to install a 
remote monitoring network on our current cathodic 
protection system, which is designed to mitigate 
pipeline corrosion that can potentially result in leaks. 
We estimate the remote monitoring network has 
reduced company vehicle mileage by more than 
190,000 miles per year and reduced CO2 emissions 
approximately 100 tons annually. We have 
installed more than 2,000 of these units, covering 
approximately 90% of our cathodic protection 
current sources. In addition to reducing our 
environmental impact, remote monitoring increases 
system knowledge by allowing daily monitoring of 
locations and improved data accuracy.
Innovative Asset Design: ONEOK recently used 
a new engineering design that promotes operating 
efficiencies, reduced emissions and reduced 
facility dimensions in the construction of two NGL 
fractionation facilities in Mont Belvieu, Texas. 
Fractionators use heating and cooling cycles 
to separate raw feed NGLs into five purity 
components – ethane, propane, butane, 
isobutane and natural gasoline. A traditional 
fractionator uses a four-tower system to do this, 
with each tower separating out different products 
based on temperatures. The new design of 
ONEOK’s fractionators condenses this process 
into three towers using dividing wall column 
(DWC) technology. Compared with a traditional 
fractionator, DWC technology enables lower carbon 
emissions, uses less energy and reduces the 
amount of land required to build the asset.
ONEOK's MB-4 facility was completed in early 
2020, and MB-5 is currently under construction 
with an expected completion in 2023. Both facilities 
were designed and constructed by a third-party 
engineering firm using DWC technology.
Industry Collaboration: ONEOK participates in 
a number of industry organizations in addition to 
ONE Future that pursue emissions reductions and 
other sustainability-focused initiatives.
We are a member of the Interstate Natural Gas 
Association of America (INGAA), an industry 
association that advocates for the North 
American natural gas pipeline industry. A ONEOK 
representative serves on the INGAA Board of 
Directors and its Climate Strategy Task Force. We 
provided input on the development of INGAA’s 
2021 Vision Forward commitment, which outlines 
the association’s dedication to a cleaner energy 
future. Through our association membership, 
ONEOK has committed to reducing methane 
emissions from natural gas pipelines, compressor 
stations and storage wells. This commitment 
includes evaluating and implementing voluntary 
practices, such as those found in the U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Natural 
Gas STAR Program, which ONEOK has participated 
in since 2000. 
ONEOK's involvement also includes the GPA 
Midstream Association and its Environmental and 
Natural Resources Committee, which coordinates 
member positions on environmental issues; the 
American Petroleum Institute’s Air Permitting Task 
Force, Clean Air Issue Group and ESG Reporting 
Group; and the development and enhancement of 
the Energy Infrastructure Council’s ESG toolkit and 
reporting template.

18
Environment
CONSERVATION
Environmental responsibility is a core tenet 
for ONEOK activities, and we use a variety of 
sustainable practices to minimize and offset 
effects our operations and capital-growth projects 
may have on biodiversity and ecosystems. These 
include refraining from site selection in areas 
that are protected or have high biodiversity value 
whenever practicable; maintaining robust asset 
integrity programs; and enhancing our operational 
eco-efficiency by managing our use of energy and 
disposal of water and waste. 
Conservation Strategy
In addition to compliance with all applicable 
environmental laws and regulations, ONEOK’s 
strategy of “avoid, minimize, mitigate” guides 
our approach to conservation and aims to 
protect biodiversity and ecosystems by avoiding 
impacts when practicable. When avoidance is not 
practicable, we take action to minimize and mitigate 
any impact that may occur. This framework helps 
us achieve our commitments to:
 ◆ Maintain responsible and compliant capital 
expansion processes characterized by informed 
site selection, high-quality construction 
processes and a focus on restoration of affected 
habitats.
 ◆ Assess environmental impacts of our current 
operations and evaluate opportunities for 
improvement.
 ◆ Improve natural habitats and public use areas.
Our conservation strategy is informed by detailed 
information gathering processes that take place 
before activity begins. This includes extensive 
environmental review and permitting processes, 
including consultation with the U.S. Fish and 
Wildlife Service and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, 
when applicable.
Environmental evaluations of select proposed 
projects involve identification of High Conservation 
Value (HCV) factors within a proposed route, such 
as the presence of threatened and endangered 
(T&E) species (federal and state listed); proximity 
to T&E species' critical habitats; protected lands 
(state, federal and tribal); resources of historical or 
cultural significance; wetlands and waterbodies; 
land use (e.g., forests, farmland and rangeland); and 
proximity to populated areas.
Preserved tree grove near Mont Belvieu fractionation facilities

19
Environment
ONEOK's Three-Tiered Conservation Strategy
Biodiversity and Ecosystem 
Conservation
Water and Wetland  
Conservation
Avoid Where practicable, ONEOK refrains from 
site selection in protected and HCV areas. 
Examples include rerouting or relocating 
projects and scheduling work to avoid 
seasons or times when a species may be 
present.
In the early stages of a project, water resource 
data is reviewed to identify opportunities to avoid 
certain water crossings.
Minimize When avoidance is not practicable, 
we attempt to reduce impacts through 
minimization techniques. Our minimization 
approach may include project alteration, 
environmental controls and alternative 
construction methods. Examples include 
narrowing a right of way; buffered exclusion 
zones; limiting construction traffic; soil 
segregation; and co-locating projects with 
existing pipeline routes. We hold employees 
and contractors to high standards and 
require them to follow what we believe to 
be leading management practices during 
construction.
When avoidance is not practicable, we use 
management practices and engineering controls 
designed to minimize any potential temporary 
impacts of crossing waterbodies and wetlands. 
Examples include identifying the best crossing 
method to minimize disturbances to stream beds 
or surface water; installing barriers to protect 
sediment from entering waterbodies; storm water 
filtration devices; refueling offsets; and following 
regulations for stream bank stabilization.
Mitigate We seek to mitigate any impacts that cannot 
be avoided. Mitigation examples include 
participating in conservation programs; soil 
segregation and reseeding with native seed 
mix; and activities specific to U.S. Fish and 
Wildlife Service permitting, mitigation credits 
and conservation plans.
Examples include completing habitat restoration 
such as stream bank stabilization and working 
with local, state and federal regulators to mitigate 
impacts appropriately.

20
Environment
BIODIVERSITY
Habitat Restoration: We work closely with 
regulators to develop appropriate mitigation and 
conservation approaches that serve to offset 
potential environmental impacts from our projects.
The restoration of habitats that may be affected 
during the construction of projects remains a 
key focus, and during 2021 we restored nearly 
480 acres of habitat related to pipeline projects 
completed during the year. This includes 
determining the appropriate seed mixes and plant 
species in the area as well as properly separating 
topsoil to restore the right of way following 
construction. ONEOK considers landowner 
concerns during restoration and communicates 
restoration expectations to contractors. The majority 
of pipeline construction for ONEOK’s most recent 
capital-growth program was completed in 2019.
Protecting Wildlife: Identifying and supporting 
the unique needs of species in our operating 
areas is important to conservation at ONEOK. Our 
environmental specialists work to help us protect 
any T&E species through compliance and project 
planning in line with our conservation strategy.
ONEOK has voluntarily enrolled in Candidate 
Conservation Agreements with Assurances 
(CCAA) for both the lesser prairie chicken and 
monarch butterfly. CCAAs enable companies to 
take measures to stabilize and restore populations 
of rare or candidate species before they are 
listed as threatened or endangered under the 
Endangered Species Act (ESA). While neither 
species is currently listed under the ESA, they are 
likely to become candidates in the future based on 
their biological status and threats. In some cases, 
proactive conservation efforts for candidate species 
can eliminate the need to list them under the ESA. 
Preserved wetlands adjacent to Mont Belvieu fractionation facilities

21
Environment
By enrolling in the CCAA, ONEOK has committed 
to undertaking specific activities that address the 
identified threats to the lesser prairie chicken and 
monarch butterfly for the length of the agreement. 
Through an industry organization, ONEOK also 
worked with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to 
develop an oil and gas Industry Conservation Plan 
(ICP) to protect the American burying beetle. The 
plan established permits for unavoidable activity 
potentially impacting the beetle. Permits required 
the development of a conservation plan and 
purchase of mitigation credits to fund protected 
beetle habitats. Between 2015 and 2021, ONEOK 
construction activities resulted in approximately 
$460,000 in mitigation credits used to fund beetle 
habitats. In 2020, the American burying beetle was 
downgraded by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 
from an endangered to threatened species under 
the ESA.
Conserving Water Resources
Water use, supply and resource conservation are 
important components of ONEOK’s operations. 
By assessing water use through benchmarking 
and monitoring equipment, we can identify 
opportunities for water reduction and reuse, 
potential for improved efficiency and cost savings.
Wherever practical, we strive to minimize water 
use by reclaiming it in operations processes and 
construction projects. During hydrostatic testing 
of new pipeline assets, our project teams reuse 
water for testing multiple pipe segments or recycle 
it where appropriate. Water is a valuable resource 
in the fractionation of NGLs. Our facilities have 
adopted processes to optimize water efficiency and 
reduce wastewater generation by recovering water 
for reuse.
During construction, ONEOK takes proactive steps 
to assess and lessen potential impacts to water 
resources. Our three-tiered conservation approach 
is critical during the planning and construction of 
pipelines. During 2021, ONEOK estimates that we 
avoided more than 40% of the waterbodies and 
wetlands along planned pipeline routes during 
this period of time. This included fully rerouting 
construction or using trenchless boring technology 
to install pipe under waterbodies and wetlands.  
These techniques greatly reduce potential 
temporary crossing impacts.
Biodiversity Related Giving 
Community improvement and environmental giving 
are a few of the focus areas ONEOK prioritizes 
through its foundation and corporate contributions. 
Recent examples of ONEOK's biodiversity and 
conservation-related contributions include: 
 ◆ Ducks Unlimited – pledged to the organization’s 
Gulf Coast Initiative to restore and enhance 
critical wetlands in Texas and Louisiana. 
Conservation of these areas is critical to 
maintaining the rich diversity of wildlife that is 
dependent on such habitats.
 ◆ Save the Maah Daah Hey – donated to support 
maintenance of the “Maah Daah Hey” trail that 
runs through North Dakota’s Badlands. The 
144-mile trail, the longest single-track mountain 
biking route in the U.S., is maintained solely by 
volunteers.
 ◆ Nature Conservancy – helped fund research, 
restoration and stewardship of native Oklahoma 
pollinator habitats, which are critical to food 
production. About 80% of all flowering plants and 
more than 75% of the world’s staple crops rely on 
pollinators for their seed and fruit production.

22
Environment
RECYCLING AND WASTE REDUCTION
ONEOK uses a resource management software 
system designed to streamline reporting and 
provide an understanding of recycled materials and 
waste quantities. By analyzing data in the system, 
we can identify opportunities for reducing waste, 
recycling materials when possible and improving 
processes for more sustainable approaches 
to waste management. Tracking data in this 
single software solution has allowed for greater 
transparency and visibility in waste volumes and 
recycling.
ONEOK recently completed a project to repurpose 
used equipment in North Dakota saving more than 
5.6 million pounds of steel, more than 576,000 
pounds of aluminum, approximately 26,000 pounds 
of plastic and 29,000 pounds of copper wire. This 
cost-effective solution to meet our customers' 
needs saved approximately $500,000, while also 
balancing our overall impact to the environment.
ASSET INTEGRITY
The safe, reliable and environmentally responsible 
operation of our assets is a foundation of our 
business. ONEOK maintains mature and robust 
asset integrity programs across our operations and 
works to consistently enhance and improve these 
programs and our internal capabilities.
Many of ONEOK’s asset integrity programs 
include efforts to address the expectations of our 
stakeholders, including regulatory agencies, the 
communities in which we operate, landowners, 
our customers, our employees, contractors and 
investors.
Pipeline Integrity
Our pipelines are designed, installed, tested and 
maintained to meet or exceed federal and state 
regulations. Our integrity programs are designed 
to align with applicable Pipeline and Hazardous 
Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) rules 
and are further strengthened by participation in 
industry-level program improvement initiatives. 
Through ONEOK’s Integrity Management Program, 
we assess 100% of all High Consequence Areas 
(HCAs) within the required regulatory timelines 
using multiple methods in accordance with 
PHMSA (49 CFR Part 192 or 49 CFR Part 195).
Our pipeline integrity efforts include, as applicable:
 ◆ Performing in-line inspections that examine the 
condition of pipelines from the inside utilizing 
specialized equipment.
 ◆ Implementing direct assessment programs 
designed to identify and manage corrosion.
 ◆ Conducting pressure testing of pipelines to 
evaluate structural integrity before being placed 
in service.
 ◆ Conducting ground and aerial patrols that allow 
technicians to observe surface conditions along 
pipeline rights of way.
 ◆ Using technology to perform integrity studies 
such as pipeline risk assessment modeling, 
corrosion growth analysis and computerized leak 
detection tied to our pipeline control system.
 ◆ Maintaining an effective public awareness 
program.
 ◆ Records and documents management.
View ONEOK's ESG 
Performance Data in 
the Appendix of this 
report for additional 
waste, recycled  
materials and pipeline 
inspection data.
Natural gas processing facility

23
Environment
Facility Integrity
The ONEOK facility integrity program, which 
includes above-ground fixed equipment, is 
designed to comply with applicable regulations, 
guidelines, standards and procedures, including 
appropriate recognized and generally accepted 
good engineering practices in the Occupational 
Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) Process 
Safety Management (PSM) standards. We also 
have adopted the American Petroleum Institute 
(API) Recommended Practice 754, establishing a 
four-tiered framework to classify process safety 
performance indicators.
Asset integrity professionals are assigned to 
ONEOK assets where they provide in-house 
expertise, execution and guidance on functions 
such as service assessments, inspections and 
mechanical integrity engineering. During 2021, 
our mechanical integrity teams conducted 
approximately 8,300 inspections on equipment and 
piping at our facilities and assets regulated by the 
U.S. Department of Transportation and OSHA.
Our facility integrity programs also include, as 
applicable:
 ◆ Reviewing equipment and program data and key 
performance indicators.
 ◆ Utilizing layer-of-protection risk management 
methodologies in hazard assessment analysis.
 ◆ Monitoring and correcting localized corrosion.
 ◆ Records and documents management. 
 ◆ Special emphasis programs including but not 
limited to:
 ̺ Material of design reviews.
 ̺ Inside facility underground piping inspection 
programs.
 ̺ Small bore piping inspection programs.
 ̺ Corrosion Under Insulation programs.
In 2021, ONEOK implemented industrial coating 
selection and application procedures designed 
to minimize pollutants contained in the protective 
coatings we use on our equipment. Applying these 
new procedures, we select industrial coatings that 
contain lower levels of volatile organic compounds 
(VOCs) – less than 2.8 pounds per gallon, which 
is lower than regulatory requirements in all our 
operating areas – and prioritize coatings that are 
free of hazardous air pollutants (HAPs).
Underground Storage Integrity
Our underground storage safety management 
program guides our engineering and operations 
staff in the inspection, maintenance and safe 
operation of our storage assets.
Reservoirs, mined salt caverns and mined rock 
caverns are used to store natural gas, NGLs and 
certain refined products. Our storage integrity 
program includes established plans that apply 
what we consider to be leading practices for the 
underground storage of NGLs and natural gas. As 
applicable, plans incorporate API guidance and 
adhere to PHMSA regulations.
Each storage facility has in place, as applicable:
 ◆ A mechanical integrity plan.
 ◆ Operating pressure reviews and pressure 
monitoring.
 ◆ A material balancing and inventory verification 
process.
 ◆ Records and documents management.
Asset Integrity Data
ONEOK reports performance indicators that track 
our asset and operations integrity including our 
AREER metric, pipeline inspections, reportable 
pipeline incidents and spills data. For more, see our 
SASB reporting and ESG Performance Data.

24
ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
SOCIAL
Providing a safe work environment 
for employees, promoting a diverse 
and inclusive culture and actively 
engaging with our customers 
and communities are essential to 
the long-term sustainability of 
ONEOK’ s business.

Social
25
COVID-19 – ONGOING RESPONSE  
AND SUPPORT
Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, ONEOK 
continued to prioritize health and safety while 
remaining focused on providing essential energy 
services for our customers and communities. In 
early 2022, employees who had been working 
remotely during the pandemic returned to office 
locations through a phased approach. An onsite/
remote hybrid work schedule was implemented 
for eligible employees, and temporary remote work 
accommodations were approved for employees 
in eligible positions who were at elevated risk 
due to their own medical condition or that of a 
household member. Safety enhancements were 
made across ONEOK's operating locations such 
as adding sanitizer and thermometer stations; 
touchless restroom fixtures and doors; ultraviolet 
lights on heating, hydration stations, ventilation and 
air conditioning units; and increased air circulation 
and facility cleaning.
Fractionation facility

26
Social
SAFETY AND HEAL TH
Our Commitment and Approach
Providing a safe work environment is essential to 
ONEOK’s business. We continuously assess the 
risks employees face in their jobs and work to 
mitigate those risks through training, appropriate 
engineering controls, work procedures and other 
preventive safety and health programs.
Safety and Health at ONEOK
Safety and health practices and risk management 
are embedded across ONEOK with oversight from 
company leaders; guidance from our corporate and 
operations safety and health organizations; and the 
personal involvement expected of every employee.
Each ONEOK employee has the responsibility to 
be aware of and control factors or situations that 
may cause an incident, including stopping work. 
Employees also have the responsibility to report 
or elevate potential risks to the proper level in the 
organization. Methods for reporting safety and 
health concerns or leading performance indicators 
such as near misses and good catches include:
 ◆ Reporting to a direct supervisor or local safety 
and health supervisor.
 ◆ Raising a concern during local safety trainings, 
safety discussions and meetings.
 ◆ Reporting through ONEOK’s safety and health 
management software.
 ◆ Anonymous reporting option available through 
the ONEOK Hotline.
Safety and Health Initiatives
 ◆ Process Safety Management: ONEOK has 
adopted the API Recommended Practice 754 
that categorizes process safety events into 
one of four different tiers based on severity. 
The formalized approach provides a structure 
for reporting and analysis of process safety 
incidents, near misses and good catches that 
enhance our understanding of potential risks. 
 ◆ Promoting Safety: In early 2022, the ESH 
Leadership Committee announced the Take 
Five campaign. The companywide initiative 
encourages employees to slow down, step back 
and “take five” to reassess tasks and identify risks 
before routine and nonroutine work.
 ◆ Safe Driving Technology: ONEOK uses 
telematics technology to promote safe driving 
and reduce risk. This GPS and onboard 
diagnostics system uses audible cues to notify 
drivers in real-time of potentially unsafe driving 
behaviors such as harsh braking and speeding. 
The technology identifies individual driving 
patterns and helps identify opportunities for 
improvement.
 ◆ Key Risks and Controls: Our Key Risk/Key 
Control process, which supports our ESH 
Management System, was reviewed and updated 
in 2022. The process provides an inventory 
of key operating risks that may have potential 
environmental or safety impacts and identifies 
the key controls to use in order to manage those 
risks.
View ONEOK's Performance Targets and ESG 
Performance Data in the Appendix of this report for 
additional safety and health performance data.
Safety meeting at a fractionation facility

Social
27
 ◆ Oversees corporate safety and health performance, responsibilities and commitments. 
 ◆ Approves Short-Term Incentive (STI) Plan measures, performance goals and weightings, which 
include a safety and health measure (TRIR).
 ◆ Recommends and approves compensation for named executive officers, taking into consideration 
multiple factors including safety performance.
 ◆ Provide overall guidance for and oversight of company focus on safety and health.
 ◆ Provides vision, leadership, direction and oversight for all ESH programs, processes and  
management systems. 
 ◆ Provides updates to the board of directors through monthly board reports.
 ◆ Provides process safety oversight and identifies opportunities for improvement. 
 ◆ Membership includes senior operations leadership.
 ◆ Safety and health leaders are responsible for strategy, implementation and performance reporting. 
Monthly meetings are held to collaborate and share leading practices from across ONEOK. 
 ◆ Specific business unit teams support and oversee safety and health needs and performance. 
 ̺ Local teams assess risk and provide support in the field. 
 ̺ Frequent communication between local safety and health teams and operations leaders allow 
for regular status updates and needs assessments.
 ◆ Expected to take a proactive approach to safety and health, including reporting any concerns, 
incidents, near misses or good catches. 'Stop work' authority should be used when unsafe 
conditions or actions are observed. 
 ◆ Responsible for understanding and complying with all applicable laws, regulations, permits, 
requirements and procedures, and completing all training relevant to their role.
 ◆ Safety performance included in STI Plan for all employees.
Safety and Health Structure
Board of Directors
CEO and Executive 
Management
ESH Leadership 
Committee
Operations ESH  
Subcommittee
Corporate and 
Operations 
Safety and Health 
Organizations
Employees

28
Social
Employee Training
Environment, Safety and Health (ESH) Training: 
We prioritize the safety and health of our workforce 
and provide various trainings to help equip our 
employees with the knowledge they need to 
operate safely and responsibly. Depending on the 
job function, ONEOK field employees may each be 
required to complete between 60 and 80 safety and 
health-focused core field training requirements, 
as well as courses focused on environmental 
compliance and company best practices.
Approximately 3,100 employees completed 
approximately 139,000 total ESH training hours 
during 2021. 
Core requirements include Emergency Response 
Action Plan training, which must be completed 
every 12 months. ONEOK’s Emergency Action Plan 
contains information used during emergencies 
designed to protect employees, contractors, 
responders and assets while protecting the safety 
of the public and environment. It is created in 
accordance with PHMSA, OSHA and EPA risk-
management program regulations.
Courses also included event reporting and 
investigation; hot work; ONEOK personal protective 
equipment; waste management and mitigation; and 
air pollution prevention.
Technical Training: ONEOK maintains an 
operator’s qualification program that aligns with 
PHMSA’s specific training and testing requirements 
for employees who operate regulated assets. 
ONEOK also maintains a robust technical training 
program that provides a framework for employees 
to manage and enhance the technical proficiencies 
that apply to their jobs. For many of these 
programs, ONEOK collaborates with an industry-
led partnership that provides competency-based 
training. Through the programming, employees can 
receive individualized training plans and managers 
can assess proficiencies and support employee 
development.
The technical training program is an important part 
of ONEOK’s ESH Management System training 
and competency element and exists in addition to 
other company trainings such as those specific to 
leadership, safety and health.
 
Contractor Selection, Management and Safety
ONEOK works with third-party contractors to assist 
with corporate services and the construction, 
operation and maintenance of our assets. 
Contractor management is an important element 
of ONEOK’s ESH Management System, and 
our process includes established contractor 
qualification, selection and retention criteria. Each 
third-party contractor is responsible for providing 
personnel who are appropriately screened, trained 
and qualified. Once selected, contractors must 
comply with the same high ESH performance 
standards required of ONEOK employees. In the 
ONEOK Supply Chain Management section we 
discuss our supplier expectations. 
How we proactively manage contractor safety and 
health:
 ◆ We work to confirm that on-site contractors have 
completed general training requirements and 
receive any project-specific training.
 ◆ We have improved our selection process for 
contractor safety professionals providing for 
enhanced safety awareness, culture and overall 
project performance on job sites. 
 ◆ ONEOK's large projects team sets safety targets 
specific to contractors, including annual and 
project-specific TRIR and PVIR targets.
 ◆ The large projects team also emphasizes the 
importance of leading indicator reporting, 
encouraging contractors to report the good 
catches and near misses that help inform future 
safety and health improvements. The group 
collected data on 31 near misses and 454 good 
catches in 2021.
80-120
10,000
24,000
technical skills covered, 
depending on an 
employee's role.
technical training 
activities were 
completed by 
employees in 2021.
technical training hours 
completed in 2021.
More than
More than
Technical Training 
Highlights

Social
29
OUR WORKFORCE
ONEOK’s long-term success is dependent on 
our ability to attract, develop and retain a diverse 
group of talented employees. We seek to hire and 
retain high-caliber talent and strive for an inclusive 
environment that rewards employees for their 
work and offers opportunities for continuing career 
development. 
People Attraction and Selection
We desire to be an employer of choice. Our talent 
recruitment strategy emphasizes ONEOK’s core 
values, commitments to our people and the 
communities where we operate, and our safe and 
reliable operating practices. 
ONEOK prioritizes recruiting and hiring local 
talent when possible. As of Dec. 31, 2021, 94% of 
employees were residents of the state where their 
positions were located. We also encourage internal 
mobility and advancement. In 2021, approximately 
30% of our posted vacancies were filled by internal 
candidates.
ONEOK maintains strong relationships with area 
technical schools, colleges and universities as 
part of our strategy to attract talent. Attending 
on-campus interviews, career fairs and networking 
events is part of our recruitment strategy.
ONEOK’s support of universities and technical 
schools in our communities includes a long-
standing partnership with Langston University, 
the only historically Black college or university in 
Oklahoma. ONEOK’s relationship with Langston 
includes contributing to programming in important 
energy-industry focus areas such as accounting 
and information technology; career development 
in the form of mock interviews, resume assistance, 
job shadowing and internships; and financial 
contributions to help support student scholarships, 
career services and campus infrastructure 
improvements.
Culture and Engagement: We are committed 
to cultivating an inclusive and dynamic work 
environment that embodies ONEOK’s values and 
where talented people can find opportunities to 
succeed, grow and contribute to ONEOK’s success. 
In 2021, ONEOK conducted a companywide 
employee engagement survey and achieved our 
goal of an 80% participation rate. The survey, 
administered by Gallup, a third-party analytics and 
advisory firm, targeted key drivers of employee 
engagement, including growth, teamwork, 
individual contribution and basic needs. The 
survey also incorporated questions designed to 
benchmark key aspects of our corporate culture 
against Gallup's diversity and inclusion index. 
The results, including how our organization 
compared against industry, global and first-time 
survey participation benchmarks, were reviewed 
by company leaders who then identified segment-
specific focus areas and developed action plans for 
their individual teams and business segments. 
View the Diversity and 
Inclusion section of 
this report for more 
information on hiring 
practices. 
Fractionation facility employee

30
Social
Career Development and Advancement 
Providing professional and leadership development 
opportunities for our workforce is critical to 
retaining high-performing employees and 
promoting a culture of continuous improvement. 
Career path training and resources are provided 
through:
 ◆ Formal annual performance assessments for 
all employees as well as supervisor-led ongoing 
informal dialogue about performance and 
development.
 ◆ Training and resources including webinars, 
in-person trainings, individual consultations, 
books and self-guided learning.
 ◆ Formal mentoring programs and leadership 
engagement provided through business  
resource groups.
 ◆ Educational assistance program. 
During 2021, ONEOK employees completed 
approximately 8,800 hours of training focused on 
leadership, professional development and diversity 
and inclusion. Approximately 1,500 employees, or 
more than 50% of our workforce, participated in at 
least one of these trainings. ONEOK transitioned all 
in-person trainings to virtual formats for employees 
working remotely during the pandemic. 
ONEOK Leadership Behaviors and Expectations 
ONEOK provides employees with the resources to 
build skills and understanding in these key areas: 
 ◆ Integrity.
 ◆ Vision, Accountability and Decision-Making.
 ◆ Collaboration and Communications.
 ◆ Assess Employee Performance.
 ◆ Visible and Open to Input.
 ◆ Economic Thinking.
 ◆ Emotional Intelligence.
 ◆ Customer Relations.
 ◆ Community Involvement.
 ◆ Environmental, Safety and Health Focus.
Our core Leadership Development Strategy 
consists of three classroom modules - foundations 
of leadership, situational leadership and leading 
high performing teams - that emphasize ONEOK's 
Leadership Behaviors and Expectations. 
Formal professional development training also 
is made available to employees in individual 
contributor roles. This includes six self-paced 
development tracks focused on (1) communication 
skills, (2) relational skills, (3) business acumen, 
(4) organizing and planning, (5) diversity and 
inclusion and (6) foundational leadership and other 
resources like electronic learning modules, articles 
and videos that focus on specific areas of growth. 
Compensation and Benefits
ONEOK is committed to offering a competitive 
total compensation package for all employees, 
composed of elements including base pay, 
eligibility for an annual cash incentive bonus 
and health, wellness and retirement savings 
benefits. Senior management and other key 
employees also are eligible for long-term equity 
compensation awards. We routinely compare our 
compensation and benefits offerings against peer 
companies, adjusting as needed to keep our total 
compensation package competitive.
Our market-based compensation philosophy 
gives leaders the flexibility to adjust employee 
compensation at any time to reflect individual 
skills, experience, responsibilities, performance 
and external market factors. Leaders are expected 
to perform annual salary reviews, using external 
market data compiled by human resources as well 
as their knowledge of local market conditions to 
support compensation decisions.

Social
31
Full-time employee benefits are highlighted below. Part-time employees who are regularly scheduled to 
work at least 20 hours per week also are eligible for most employee benefits, including several categories 
of paid time off (e.g., vacation, personal illness and family care, parental leave) but at fewer hour increments 
than full-time employees. For a more complete list of ONEOK's benefits, visit oneok.com/careers/benefits.
Paid Time Off
 ◆ Vacation: At least 120 hours annually, increasing 
with relevant experience (including prior to 
ONEOK).
 ◆ Eight designated company holidays and two 
additional floating holidays each year.
 ◆ Personal Illness and Family Care: Up to 80 
hours annually.
 ◆ Short-Term Disability Leave: 100% of regular 
pay while on short-term disability for up to 90 
days (less than five years of service) or up to 180 
days (more than five years of service).
 ◆ Parental and Adoption Leave: Up to 240 hours 
of 100% paid leave for nonmedical baby bonding 
for both primary and secondary caregivers 
following birth/adoption in addition to other 
available forms of leave.
 ◆ Other paid time off benefits include military leave, 
bereavement and jury duty.
Health Benefits
 ◆ Medical, dental and vision plans with select 
virtual health visit options.
 ◆ No-cost preventive care, including 
immunizations, well child visits, routine annual 
physicals and certain non-diagnostic screenings.
 ◆ On-site (Tulsa headquarters only) and near-site 
clinics in several of ONEOK’s operating areas.
 ◆ Health concierge program to assist with provider 
selection, billing issues, etc.
 ◆ Virtual diabetes prevention, cardiovascular health 
and weight loss programs.
Mental Health Benefits
 ◆ Employee Assistance Program.
 ◆ Chemical Dependency Treatment Program.
 ◆ Virtual visits available under health plans with 
dedicated mental health providers.
Wellness Program
 ◆ Resources on nutrition, fitness and general 
well-being.
 ◆ Flu shots.
 ◆ Tobacco-cessation program.
 ◆ Resources and information on financial topics, 
including childcare, college savings, budgeting, 
retirement planning and elder care.
Financial
 ◆ 401(k) Plan: including automatic enrollment 
and annual increase programs, which may be 
opted out of by employees. ONEOK matches 
100% of contributions up to 6% of an employee's 
eligible compensation and provides an additional 
profit-sharing contribution each year for 
eligible employees. As of Dec. 31, 2021, 96% 
of employees participated in ONEOK’s 401(k) 
plan. Of those participating, approximately 95% 
contributed at or above 6% of their compensation 
to receive the full company match.
 ◆ Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP): 
employees may contribute up to 10% of annual 
base pay to purchase ONEOK stock at a 15% 
discounted price. Approximately 70% of eligible 
employees participate in the ESPP.
 ◆ Employee Stock Award Plan: one share of 
ONEOK common stock is issued to all employees 
for every new dollar high closing price.
In 2022, ONEOK introduced SmartPath, 
an employee financial wellness tool that 
provides unbiased education and one-
on-one coaching to help reduce financial 
stress and address everyday topics. 
Employees can participate in SmartPath's 
seven step system free of cost.
In 2022, ONEOK 
partnered with a 
specialized third-party 
fertility benefit manager 
to provide inclusive 
fertility services to 
employees enrolled in 
ONEOK's health plan. 
The plan addition aims 
to help all interested 
individuals start or 
grow their families, 
regardless of their path 
to parenthood.
ONEOK Benefit Highlights

Social
32
Workforce by Age
2021
25 or Under 26-34 35-44 45-54 55 or Over
4%
30% 22% 20%24%
Data as of Dec. 31, 2021. Minority, gender and 
veteran status are self-reported by employees.
Workforce 
Data 2,847
Total Employee Workforce
2021
ONEOK Hiring Data
2021
External hire employment reflects start date during calendar year. Internal hires and total offers accepted reflect date job posting closed.
244
External New Hires
93
Internal New Hires
337
Total Offers Accepted
 7.1% Officers Minority 16.3% Minority
19.0% Officers Women 20.1% Women
11.8% Management Minority 59.2% Field
22.9% Management Women 40.8% Non-Field
17.6% Non-Management Minority 51.1% Exempt
19.4% Non-Management Women 48.9% Non-Exempt
 8.0% Veteran
2021
ONEOK Leadership
2021
ONEOK Workforce

Social
33
Natural gas processing facility
Oklahoma Oklahoma1,595 $205,000,000
405 $41,000,000
345 $34,000,000
197 $19,000,000
84 $15,000,000
62 $5,000,000
159 $16,000,000
North Dakota North Dakota
Texas Texas
Kansas Kansas
Montana Montana
Illinois Illinois
Additional States Additional States
2021
Employee workforce information is based on state 
of employment. 'Additional States' category includes 
Colorado, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, 
Nebraska, New Mexico, South Dakota, Tennessee, 
Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
Employees by State of Employment
2021
Total payroll was approximately $335 million in 2021 
and represents a cumulative total paid throughout the 
year. Payroll information is based on employee state of 
residence. Comparing payroll and workforce information 
side-by-side would not necessarily be accurate because 
some employees live and work in different states and/
or employees leave the company throughout the year. 
Additional states category includes Colorado, Indiana, 
Iowa, Kentucky, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Mexico, South 
Dakota, Tennessee, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
Payroll by State of Residence

34
Social
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Diversity and inclusion (D&I) is one of ONEOK's 
core values. We believe that a diverse workforce 
and an enterprisewide culture of inclusion are 
essential to the long-term sustainability of ONEOK’s 
business. We are committed to proactively 
embracing diversity and inclusion by providing 
resources, training and programming throughout 
our organization, and working to create an 
environment where all employees know that their 
unique skills, abilities, experiences and identities 
are valued.
Made up of executive management and other members of senior 
leadership, this group serves in an advisory capacity to guide ONEOK’s 
D&I efforts.
This group of approximately 15 employees provides insight on how D&I 
can improve ONEOK’s organizational performance, drive overall business 
results and help the company achieve its diversity-related goals. The 
council is made up of employees from different business units, work 
locations and seniority levels and includes members with different 
demographics, personal backgrounds and points of view. 
The council is chaired by our CEO. D&I Executive Committee members 
and liaisons from our legal, corporate communications and human 
resources teams attend council meetings.
Voluntary employee-led groups that promote the development of 
traditionally underrepresented segments of our workforce and serve as 
resources for both members and our company. All employees are invited 
to become an ally of one or more of these groups. Each BRG is advised 
by two vice president-level executive sponsors and allocated an annual 
budget to support educational programming, mentorship and other 
activities. ONEOK's current BRGs include: 
 ◆ Black/African American
 ◆ Indigenous/Native American
 ◆ Latinx/Hispanic American
 ◆ LGBTQ+
 ◆ Veterans
 ◆ Women
A team led by our director of D&I supports and implements a variety of 
inclusion and leadership-related initiatives throughout the organization 
and as part of ONEOK's community partnerships.
Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) Leadership at ONEOK
D&I Executive 
Committee
D&I Council
Business Resource 
Groups (BRGs)
D&I Work Group

Social
35
Recent D&I Highlights
 ◆ D&I Recognition: ONEOK received a perfect 
score of 100 in the Human Rights Campaign 
Foundation’s 2022 Corporate Equality Index, our 
second year in a row to earn a perfect score. 
 ◆ D&I Engagement: ONEOK engaged a global 
human resources consulting firm to assist in the 
creation of a multiyear D&I strategic plan. 
 ◆ Global Conversations: The D&I team hosted 
a panel of international employees to discuss 
ONEOK's developing international business 
strategy and the importance of D&I in a global 
business context. 
 ◆ Remembering 9/11: ONEOK's CEO and 
Veterans Resource Group members co-led an 
event commemorating the 20th anniversary of 
the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
 ◆ Employee Support: ONEOK provided access 
to individual and group support services for 
employees impacted by the United States military 
withdrawal from Afghanistan.
 ◆ Discussions and Learning: Approximately 50 
ONEOK officers and senior level management 
participated in a voluntary D&I book discussion 
group, facilitating conversations about specific 
D&I topics and how to apply those concepts to 
leadership, talent management and strategic 
decision-making. 
 ◆ Allyship Communications: ONEOK distributed 
multiple internal communications focused on 
allyship and support to all employees, including 
messages from ONEOK's CEO. ONEOK's 
quarterly employee magazine also highlighted 
the role and importance of allyship to ONEOK 
and the broader community.
ONEOK promotes individual and group support 
opportunities during difficult events in our 
community and nation by hosting allyship 
workshops; deploying educational resources; 
and providing platforms for employees to engage 
in honest conversations about diversity, identity, 
equity and inclusion. 
ONEOK continued its long-time support 
of Tulsa’s Greenwood District – formerly 
known as Black Wall Street and the site 
of the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre – by 
committing $1.5 million to the Greenwood 
Rising History Center. The center is the Tulsa 
Race Massacre Centennial Commission’s 
flagship project that honors the legacy 
of Black Wall Street before and after the 
massacre. ONEOK employees volunteered 
on the commission, and the company hosted 
a series of learning events and presented a 
video series remembering the events and 
promoting a path forward.
3,300
$2.7M
ONEOK contributed 
approximately
Employees engaged  
in more than
D&I-related training 
hours.
In 2021:
(>30% of total corporate 
and foundation 
giving) to D&I-related 
organizations.

36
Social
Diverse Talent Sourcing
ONEOK has adopted what we believe to be leading 
practices for sourcing, screening and hiring from 
diverse candidate pools. For example, we do 
not ask external candidates about their salary 
history; we provide training to interviewers on 
compliance topics and interviewing techniques; 
and we encourage hiring leaders to use diverse 
interviewers.
In recent years we have adopted new applications 
to enhance our sourcing and promotion of open 
positions. For example, we expanded our veteran 
recruitment efforts by incorporating a Military 
Occupational Code (MOC) translator into our 
company careers website, which allows candidates 
to use military titles to search for job openings at 
ONEOK that require similar skillsets. ONEOK has 
implemented software that allows us to better 
source diverse candidates and promote positions 
to groups that are historically underrepresented in 
our industry.
Inclusive Benefits 
ONEOK aims to provide employees with a diverse, 
inclusive and competitive benefit program. Several 
recent additions to our benefit plans include: 
 ◆ Fertility Services: Partnering with a third-party 
fertility benefit manager to provide inclusive 
fertility services to employees regardless of their 
path to parenthood. Key program benefits include 
comprehensive coverage for the whole fertility 
process, personalized clinical and emotional 
support from a patient care advocate and access 
to the nation's leading fertility specialists. 
 ◆ Family Support: Partnering with an organization 
specializing in family support offerings including 
child care, elder care, special needs, tutors and 
more. 
 ◆ Family Health: Partnering with a family health 
benefits platform offering free educational 
services for employees related to fertility, 
pregnancy and parenting, including specialized 
support for single parents and LGBTQ+ 
parenting.
 ◆ Additional inclusive benefits: parental leave, 
on-site nursing rooms, mental health benefits, 
educational assistance program, domestic 
partner health benefits, flexible work schedules 
and more.
For a more complete list of ONEOK’s benefits, visit 
oneok.com/careers/benefits.
Natural gas processing facility

Social
37
Business Resource Group Program Highlights 
ONEOK's six Business Resource Groups (BRGs) 
are open to all employees and offer members and 
allies resources and professional development 
through networking, mentoring, open discussions 
and learning. Monthly BRG collaboration meetings 
offer the chairs and vice chairs of our BRGs an 
opportunity to collaborate, share best practices and 
build networks. 
Examples of programs offered by ONEOK’s BRGs in 
2021 and 2022 included:
Black/African American Resource Group 
(BAARG):
 ◆ Virtual panel discussions featuring black 
employees from across the company in 
observance of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day. 
 ◆ Learning table events to highlight the origin 
and significance of Black History Month and 
Juneteenth. 
 ◆ Educational trip to the Greenwood Rising History 
Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma, to recognize the 
101st anniversary of the Tulsa Race Massacre. 
Indigenous/Native Resource Group (INRG):
 ◆ An INRG supporter survey in 2021 highlighted 
key expectations for the group. Findings inspired 
a session about Cherokee culture and leadership 
through storytelling. 
 ◆ Co-hosted a virtual knowledge share with the 
Veterans Resource Group about an influential 
Native American writer, historian and war chief.
 ◆ Facilitated small group listening sessions of 
podcasts related to INRG key issues and topics. 
Latinx/Hispanic Resource Group (LXHA):
 ◆ Partnered with ONEOK recruiting to help with 
hiring efforts within the Latinx community. 
 ◆ Hosted a learning table event in honor of 
Hispanic Heritage Month and provided 
companywide education about the differences 
between culture, race, ethnicity and nationality. 
 ◆ Led efforts to translate companywide safety 
documents into Spanish to reduce language 
barriers and communicate more effectively the 
company's safety culture and expectations. 
LGBTQ+ Resource Group:
 ◆ Launched the LGBTQ+ Resource Group in 
January 2022. 
 ◆ The group’s first event, “Exploring LGBTQ+ Equity 
and Allyship in the Workplace” featured BRG 
steering committee members, employees and 
officers from across the company who shared 
their perspectives about LGBTQ+ inclusion and 
equity in the workplace, allyship and issues 
facing LGBTQ+ people. 
 ◆ Hosted learning tables in recognition of Pride 
Month to provide a platform for employees to 
learn about its history and impacts today. 
Veterans Resource Group (VRG):
 ◆ Led a multi-session book club that introduced 
nearly 300 employee participants to military 
leadership principles and taught them how to 
apply those principles to business and life. 
 ◆ Co-hosted a virtual speaker event with the 
Women's Resource Group in honor of Women's 
History Month featuring veteran and author, 
Caroline Johnson, and a female panel of veteran 
employees.
Women’s Resource Group:
 ◆ Implemented a peer mentoring program 
for leaders to build strong, cross-functional 
networks, discuss relevant professional 
development topics and cultivate opportunities 
for mentorship. 
 ◆ Led a Professionally Speaking program during 
which more than 60 employees attended 
bimonthly sessions to enhance business acumen 
and public speaking skills.

38
Social
CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP
ONEOK works to enhance the quality of life and 
economic well-being in the communities where 
we operate through investments in charitable 
organizations and causes that align with company 
values and goals. ONEOK contributed $8 
million and nearly 4,800 volunteer hours across 
approximately 215 communities in 2021.
The ONEOK Foundation provides a consistent level 
of giving annually through grants and pledges to 
nonprofit organizations in support of programs, 
projects and capital campaigns. 
ONEOK also provides corporate contributions, 
generally in the form of sponsorships, to charitable 
organizations and events. Employees are often able 
to attend sponsorship-related events to learn more 
about organizations, which can help expand donor 
and volunteer bases. 
Recent ONEOK Contribution Highlights
 ◆ Reimagining Gilcrease Capital Campaign 
– Oklahoma 
 ̺ Supporting the Gilcrease Museum’s new 
state-of-the-art facility in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The 
museum houses a comprehensive collection 
of North American art, culture and history. The 
project also includes 14 miles of biking and 
hiking trails. 
 ◆ McKenzie County Public Schools  
– North Dakota 
 ̺ Funding for the Bakken Area Skills Center 
located in Watford City, North Dakota, which 
provides hands-on career and technical 
education and training for high school 
students and incumbent workers throughout 
the Bakken region.
 ◆ American Indian Cultural Center Foundation 
– Oklahoma 
 ̺ Supporting the construction of the First 
Americans Museum in Oklahoma City, which 
serves as an education center promoting 
awareness and understanding for all 39 
distinctive First American Nations in Oklahoma 
today.
 ◆ Williston Coyote Foundation – North Dakota
 ̺ Serving as a founding supporter of the 
Williston Public School Innovation Academy 
for sixth- through eighth-grade students. 
The academy focuses on individualized 
learning, community partnerships, real-world 
experiences and continuous progress. 
 ◆ Tulsa Children’s Museum Discovery Lab 
– Oklahoma 
 ̺ Supporting the capital campaign to build 
the new 57,000-square-foot world-class 
educational facility with exhibits and 
programming focused on science, technology, 
engineering, arts and math (STEAM) content, 
and health and wellness.
 ◆ Boys and Girls Club Richland County Montana 
– Montana 
 ̺ Supporting the club's move to a new home 
and expand its growing after-school program 
that provides a safe place for children in 
kindergarten through 12th grade. 
 ◆ North Dakota’s Gateway to Science  
– North Dakota 
 ̺ Supporting the science center's programs and 
outreach aimed at promoting STEM education 
to students of all ages, connecting their 
interests with career opportunities. 
 ◆ Farm Rescue – Multi-state initiative
 ̺ Supporting the program's efforts to assist 
farmers and ranchers who have experienced 
a major hardship by directly providing 
equipment or volunteer support across North 
Dakota, South Dakota, Minnesota, Montana, 
Iowa, Nebraska and Kansas. 
 ◆ Friends of the M.e.t. – Oklahoma 
 ̺ Supporting the ongoing operation of the 
Downtown Tulsa recycling depot.
United Way:  
ONEOK's 2021 virtual 
United Way Campaign 
reached more than 
1,900 participants 
and raised nearly $1.7 
million through pledges, 
fundraising events and 
company matches.
Promoting 
Volunteerism:  
ONEOK launched a new 
volunteer and charitable 
giving system in 2022 
that makes it easier for 
employees to sign up 
for company-sponsored 
events, record volunteer 
service hours, donate 
directly to charitable 
organizations and 
submit matching grant 
requests.
$2.7M
Approximately 34%, or
of total giving 
supported D&I-related 
organizations.

Social
39
44% Community Improvement
35% Education
14% Health and Human Services
 7% Other
Total contributions $4.4 million
“Other” includes arts and culture, environmental and  
additional categories.
2021 Foundation Contributions
31% Health and Human Services
19% Civic
10% Education
 9% Chamber
31% Other
Total contributions $3.6 million
“Other” includes arts and culture, community improvement, 
environmental and additional categories.
2021 Corporate Contributions

40
Social
Employee Contributions: ONEOK provides 
opportunities for employees to volunteer for 
company-sponsored projects through our 
volunteer program, Volunteers With Energy, and 
supports employees' personal volunteer efforts 
such as serving on charitable or civic boards and 
organizations.
To help employees increase the positive impact 
they make in their communities and to further 
encourage giving back, we offer volunteer service 
grants and matching grant programs. ONEOK also 
recognizes employees for their volunteerism by 
selecting annual ‘Volunteer of the Year’ nominees 
and winners.
Regional Community Investments Committees
ONEOK's community investments staff and 
five regional committees are advocates for our 
company and employee engagement programs 
and investments in the 18 states where we operate. 
They seek to build partnerships within our local 
communities by identifying needs and distributing 
volunteer and financial resources. Committees 
consist of employees from across the company and 
are managed by ONEOK’s corporate community 
investments team.
ONEOK Program 2021 Grants  
Awarded
2021 Financial 
Contributions
Volunteer Service Grant Program 
Employees and retirees may earn grants for 
their charity of choice by volunteering for 
qualifying activities and recording their hours. 
Volunteer hours can be redeemed for a total 
grant of up to $500 per calendar year. 
 ◆ 20 hours = $250 grant 
 ◆ 40 hours = $500 grant 
178 volunteer service 
grants 
$44,500 to charitable 
organizations
Matching Grant Program 
ONEOK provides a dollar-for-dollar match 
of employee, retiree and board of director 
contributions to eligible organizations. 
Employee/Director: up to $10,000 per 
person, per calendar year. 
Retiree: up to $2,500 per person, per 
calendar year.
332 matching grants $293,363 to charitable 
organizations 
2021 Volunteer 
Highlights
Volunteer totals include 
ONEOK employees, 
retirees, friends and family.
260
4,800
$136,000
Nearly
More than
Approximately
volunteers.
volunteer hours in the 
communities where 
ONEOK operates.
value (based on an 
estimated value of 
$28.54 per volunteer 
hour).

Social
41
GOVERNMENT RELATIONS
Advocacy and Involvement
ONEOK actively participates in the federal, state, 
tribal and local public policy processes that affect 
our business, industry, employees, customers 
and the communities where we operate. ONEOK 
government relations representatives actively 
monitor and engage in legislative issues and 
regulations, and work to educate public officials 
about our operations and the energy industry. In 
2022, the Government Relations team added a 
Director of Tribal Government Relations to join the 
federal and state directors. 
Throughout 2021, we monitored legislation on a 
variety of issues that could impact our businesses, 
including natural gas flaring, pipeline safety, 
eminent domain, infrastructure and operation 
security and disaster-response efficiency, tax 
issues, reclamation and restoration of pipeline 
rights of way, methane emissions, financial 
disclosures and cybersecurity. Our Government 
Relations team, with experts from across the 
company, educate government officials at the 
federal, state, tribal and local levels. 
Part of our government relations strategy includes 
advocating for our business and industry by 
engaging with industry associations and utilizing 
ONEOK Employee Political Action Committee 
(ONEOK Employee PAC) membership and 
resources.
Industry Associations
Involvement with industry associations, legislative 
and/or regulatory committees and other 
stakeholder groups strengthens ONEOK’s ability to 
advocate for our interests. Through involvement in 
these groups, we participate in discussions about 
policy issues related to our business and provide 
input from the midstream energy sector.
In 2021, ONEOK was involved in 65 association 
groups across our operating areas, including 
energy industry associations, state chambers of 
commerce, environmental associations and safety 
stakeholder groups.
ONEOK Employee Political Action Committee
ONEOK does not contribute corporate funds to 
political candidates but offers eligible employees 
the opportunity to participate in the political 
process by contributing to the ONEOK Employee 
PAC, a voluntary fund that supports candidates who 
promote business and the energy industry.
A steering committee made up of senior 
management representatives oversees all 
decisions and management of the ONEOK 
Employee PAC. A contribution committee made 
up of approximately 15 employees from across our 
operating areas oversees and approves all ONEOK 
Employee PAC contributions to political candidates.
100% of contributions are from ONEOK Employee 
PAC members. The ONEOK Employee PAC 
is registered with the U.S. Federal Election 
Commission (FEC). It operates independently of 
any political party and complies with all reporting 
requirements of the FEC and state and local laws.
State $ 48,850
Federal $ 50,500
Total $ 99,350
2021 ONEOK Employee PAC Contributions
For more information, 
visit oneok.
com/about-us/
political-engagement.

42
Social
SUPPL Y CHAIN MANAGEMENT
ONEOK’s supply chain is made up of suppliers 
that provide the goods and services necessary to 
the growth and operation of our business. Safety, 
quality, sustainability and ethics are integral to our 
procurement process. We prioritize these values 
through the following business practices:
 ◆ Treating our suppliers fairly and ethically based 
on appropriate business practices.
 ◆ Selecting suppliers based on fair competition. 
Awards are based on the supplier that can 
provide the maximum value, which may include 
factors such as price, service, quality, technology, 
capability and/or reliability.
 ◆ Communicating our values and commitments to 
suppliers through our Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics.
 ̺ Our policies prohibit actual or perceived 
conflicts of interest including outside business 
interests or relationships, improper payments 
or excessive entertainment or gifts. 
 ̺ Our procedures are designed such that goods 
and services purchased for ONEOK are in 
ONEOK’s best interest. 
 ◆ Valuing suppliers who prioritize sustainability, 
ethical workforce policies and commitments to 
human rights and ethical labor practices. We 
promote alignment with our own commitments 
to these operating principles in our terms and 
conditions.
 ◆ Targeting onsite visits with 70% of our Tier 1 
suppliers annually to confirm compliance. 
 ◆ Annually reviewing our supply chain 
geographical spend and targeting to keep 
80% of our spend with domestic suppliers to 
help amplify positive economic impact in our 
operating areas and better manage potential risk.
Safety check at an NGL interconnect facility

Social
43
 ◆ Market Intelligence.
 ◆ Strategic Sourcing and Negotiations.
 ◆ Supplier Selection.
 ◆ Supplier Performance and Contract Management.
 ◆ Materials Management.
 ◆ Internal Alignment with Stakeholders.
 ◆ Insurance, safety and operations qualification 
confirmations.
 ◆ Data-driven management platform supports qualifications 
processes.
 ◆ Internal and external guidance and policies such as:
 ̺ Supplier Expectations Letter.
 ̺ Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
 ̺ Conflict of Interest Policy.
 ̺ Service Contracts Policy and Procedures.
 ◆ Capturing Diversity Spend.
 ◆ Site visits.
 ◆ Onsite inspection.
 ◆ Use of technical specifications and standards.
Key Pillars: ONEOK Supply Chain Management
Core Supply Chain Competencies
Performance, Cost & Schedule
Safety
Sustainability and Ethics
Quality

44
Social
Supplier Management
The companies in our supply chain span many 
different categories. The top expenditure categories 
during 2021 include construction, engineering and 
technical services, mechanical equipment, rotating 
equipment and maintenance services. 
Our supply chain management process includes 
regularly reviewing our supply chain expenditures. 
We annually categorize suppliers into tiers based 
on percentage of ONEOK supply chain spend. 
Our Tier 1 supplier category is defined as suppliers 
that make up the top two-thirds of our supply chain 
spend. Tier 1 suppliers are reviewed annually 
and may be excluded from Tier 1 status for poor 
performance or lack of continued business needs 
for their services. 
During 2021, we classified 131 suppliers as Tier 1 
and met our target of completing onsite visits with 
70% of our Tier 1 suppliers during the calendar year.
Supplier Category 2019 2020 2021
Tier 1 29 43 131
Tier 2 61 78 141
Tier 3 575 610 795
Number of Top Tier Suppliers
27% Construction
 9% Engineering and Technical Services
 8% Mechanical Equipment
 8% Rotating Equipment
11% Maintenance Services
37% All Other Categories
“All Other” captures spend for the remaining 11 
categories that include corporate, industrial services, 
instrumentation and control, information technology 
and additional categories.
Total percentage of ONEOK supply chain spend determines the tier in which we categorize our 
suppliers. Together ONEOK’s Tier 1, 2 and 3 suppliers make up 97% of our supply chain spend.
2021 Supplier Categories by Spend

Social
45
Supplier Expectations 
We collaborate with our suppliers to help them 
understand our commitment to sustainability, safety 
and ethical behaviors. One way we do this is by 
sending a ONEOK supplier expectations letter. This 
letter includes our Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics as well as expectations regarding safe and 
environmentally responsible operations; avoiding 
conflicts of interest; maintaining work environments 
free from harassment, intimidation and other 
inappropriate behavior; respecting human rights; 
and engaging in ethical labor practices. 
We request our Tier 1 suppliers to acknowledge 
receipt, review and understanding of ONEOK’s 
supplier expectations annually. Since beginning 
the process in 2020, we have received 100% 
acknowledgement from this group. 
Supplier Diversity 
ONEOK values supplier diversity and affords equal 
opportunity to all suppliers whose products meet 
company criteria. In 2022, ONEOK implemented a 
new tool that offers third-party verification of our 
supplier diversity. The tool gives ONEOK access to 
a diversity database composed of publicly available 
and regularly maintained supplier data and research. 
Diverse suppliers can be determined based on self-
reporting or records of certification from a variety of 
third-party and government agencies.
Domestic Purchasing Practices
ONEOK values supporting American jobs and 
domestic manufacturing. Although factors such 
as cost, availability, quality and schedule are 
considered in the sourcing decisions we make, our 
procurement practices prioritize buying American-
made products.
Our domestic purchasing expectations are 
communicated to suppliers in our sourcing 
requests, seeking to prioritize American 
manufactured products. This purchasing 
practice applies to a broad range of products and 
materials, including, but not limited to, pipe, valves, 
processing unit equipment and safety equipment. 
We annually review our supply chain geographical 
expenditures and target to keep 80% of our 
expenditures with domestic suppliers. This priority 
helps us to amplify positive economic impact in 
the areas where we operate and to better manage 
potential supply chain risk. We have consistently 
maintained our annual domestic expenditures at 
above 90% since we began tracking this metric in 
2019. Between 2019 and 2021, ONEOK purchased 
materials or services from suppliers in the District 
of Columbia and all U.S. states except for Hawaii.
93% United States
 7% Other
ONEOK’s spend data is compiled from multiple 
reporting platforms that are not directly related to our 
financial reporting. Our analysis of domestic spend is 
based on total invoice and credit card spend associated 
with our supply chain.
Percent Total Spend
ONEOK Active Vendors 
Include:
130
200
1,070
80
$118M
More than
More than
More than
More than
In 2021, ONEOK spent 
a total of 
women-owned.
minority-owned.
small businesses.
veteran-owned.
with third-party 
identified diverse, small 
business suppliers.

46
Social
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
ONEOK is committed to ongoing engagement with 
our stakeholders. We work to build constructive 
relationships with our diverse stakeholder groups 
and to operate our businesses in a manner that 
recognizes the ESG expectations of those groups. 
We also work with community organizations and 
provide resources designed to address the social, 
economic and environmental interests of key 
stakeholders.
Some of these key stakeholders and examples of 
how we engage with them are described in the 
following table.
In addition to direct contact with specific 
company representatives such as media, investor 
and community relations representatives, all 
stakeholders can contact ONEOK through the 
inquiry form on our website or through our ONEOK 
Hotline.
Fractionation facility employees

Social
47
Stakeholder Group Example
Investors  ◆ Executive management participation in conferences and one-on-one 
investor engagements. 
 ◆ Dedicated investor relations hotline and team that holds regular meetings 
with investors.
 ◆ Annual election of directors with majority voting standard.
Communities and Landowners  ◆ Public safety awareness programs such as 811 Call Before You Dig.
 ◆ Opportunities for one-on-one meetings and community open house events 
prior to project construction.
 ◆ Post-construction landowner follow-ups to restore and maintain right of way.
 ◆ Employee volunteer network and contributions to charitable organizations.
Customers  ◆ Regular dialogue and meetings.
 ◆ Customer appreciation events.
 ◆ Customer satisfaction surveys.
 ◆ We estimate that we engaged with more than 95% of customers in all three 
of our business segments in 2021.
Employees and Contractors  ◆ Executive management holds employee meetings across our operations.
 ◆ Business resource groups.
 ◆ Mentoring programs.
 ◆ Employee engagement surveys and focus groups.
Governments and Regulatory Agencies  ◆ Active Government Relations team with representation across our 
operations. 
 ◆ Ongoing dialogue with regulators and policymakers.
 ◆ Frequent engagement throughout capital-growth project construction.
 ◆ Emergency response coordination and training drills.
Indigenous/Native American People  ◆ Engagement with community representatives, such as tribal historic 
preservation officers, to review project plans. 
 ◆ Participation in industry events promoting dialogue between energy 
companies and Indigenous groups.
 ◆ Educational opportunities facilitated through our employee resource group.
Industry Associations  ◆ Industry association memberships.
 ◆ Employee participation on boards and association committees.

48
Social
Growth Projects: Commitments to  
Our Stakeholders 
Pipelines are among the safest and most efficient 
methods of transporting the energy resources 
that are used to heat homes, generate electricity 
and create end-use products that power healthier, 
safer and more connected lives. ONEOK’s focus on 
capital-efficient, attractive-return growth projects 
is one way we provide long-term value to investors 
while continuing to grow our business responsibly. 
Our commitment to safe and responsible 
operations applies to all aspects of our business, 
but we recognize there may be specific, unique 
engagement and stakeholder needs related to 
construction and growth projects. Listening to 
stakeholders and obtaining input are important 
parts of project development.
For pipeline projects, we work diligently with 
landowners to establish easement agreements, 
which grant permission for a pipeline to be 
constructed, operated and maintained on their 
property. We also work with applicable local, 
state and federal agencies to maintain necessary 
permits related to our projects.
Communications surrounding a project may 
include meetings with government or tribal officials, 
public meetings and town halls, and one-on-one 
consultations with landowners. These stakeholder 
conversations include topics such as general 
information about ONEOK and the project, safety 
and environmental considerations, the construction 
process, operations and rights of way.
Throughout a project’s lifecycle, we prioritize 
safe construction and operation of assets as well 
as supporting and protecting our employees, 
the communities where we operate and the 
environment. Key commitments that guide our 
construction and operations activities include: 
Commitment to Safety: We work to foster a zero-
incident culture at ONEOK. We design, construct, 
operate and monitor our pipelines and assets to 
meet government and industry standards, with a 
focus on industry leading practices and operational 
integrity. 
Commitment to Supporting Communities: 
We invest in the communities where we operate 
and where our employees live and work through 
corporate and foundation contributions and 
volunteer service. ONEOK has generated 
thousands of construction-related jobs through 
pipeline projects and other assets, which, once 
completed, continue to benefit communities 
through tax revenues supporting public services 
and schools.
Commitment to Working with Communities and 
Landowners: ONEOK is committed to evaluating 
pipeline routes designed to reduce adverse 
impacts to communities and the environment. We 
also strive for proactive and meaningful dialogue 
with communities and landowners before, during 
and after construction is complete. 
Commitment to Environmental Protection and 
Compliance: Environmental responsibility is a core 
tenet throughout all phases of ONEOK projects 
– from development through restoration. Before 
a significant pipeline project begins, the route 
undergoes an extensive environmental review and 
permitting process, including surveys to identify 
and minimize potential impacts to environmental 
and cultural areas. 
Commitment to Engagement with Indigenous/
Native American People: ONEOK recognizes the 
diversity of Indigenous/Native American People 
and is committed to creating and sustaining 
respectful relationships with Indigenous/Native 
American People in areas where we conduct 
business. We are dedicated to operating in a 
socially and environmentally responsible manner, 
carefully considering potential impacts of business 
operations on local communities and natural and 
cultural resources.

Social
49
The cooperative nature of engagement with 
Indigenous/Native American People in business 
and community projects aligns closely with 
ONEOK’s core values—Safety and Environmental, 
Ethics, Diversity and Inclusion, Excellence, Service 
and Innovation —which guide our actions toward 
achieving mutually beneficial outcomes for all our 
stakeholders.
Where necessary and applicable, ONEOK facilitates 
external engagement according to the following 
practices:
 ◆ Acknowledging that mutual trust and respect are 
fundamental to transparent communication.
 ◆ Recognizing Indigenous/Native American 
People and their communities may be affected by 
our existing operations and future projects.
 ◆ Committing to good faith engagement 
and communication through collaborative 
relationships.
Facility expansion

50
ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
GOVERNANCE
Strong corporate governance reinforces 
our company's mission, vision and 
values, all of which shape our long-
term business strategy.

Governance
51
ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
ONEOK’s board of directors and management 
are committed to maintaining strong corporate 
governance practices that allocate rights and 
responsibilities among the board, management and 
investors in a manner that benefits the long-term 
interest of stakeholders. Corporate governance 
practices are designed not only to satisfy regulatory 
and stock exchange requirements but also to 
provide effective oversight and management of  
our company.
Our board provides key leadership, guidance and 
diverse energy industry and business expertise as 
it oversees executive management’s development 
of the company’s ESG and human capital 
management practices. This oversight includes 
regular engagement and updates provided by 
ONEOK's CEO, executive management and others, 
and beginning in 2022, biannual examination of the 
company’s ESG practices, performance, risks and 
opportunities. Regular updates are provided to the 
board on sustainability, including safety and health, 
ESG performance, human capital management, 
community leadership and investment and 
oversight of public policy engagement.
ONEOK Plaza

52
Governance
Provides key leadership, oversight and diverse energy industry and business expertise.
Oversees executive management’s development of the company’s ESG practices.
 ◆ Nonexecutive independent board chair.
 ◆ Independent committee chairs – Audit, Executive Compensation and Corporate Governance.
 ◆ At least three directors have experience and expertise in executive compensation.
Oversee the development, implementation and reporting of the company’s ESG practices; facilitate 
enterprise risk management process with participation and oversight from the board of directors.
Oversee development, implementation and reporting of ESG practices.
 ◆ ESH Leadership Committee.
 ◆ ESG Council.
Support the integration of ESG policy and practices into daily operations.
Key business segments driving initiatives include:
 ◆ ONEOK Ventures.
 ◆ Alternative Energy Solutions.
 ◆ Sustainability and ESH groups.
 ◆ Operations teams.
Carry out ONEOK’s business and ESG practices while serving as the point of contact for key 
company stakeholders.
Sustainable Governance Structure
Board of Directors
CEO and Executive 
Management
Vice President, 
Environment, Safety 
and Health (ESH) and 
Committees
Management and 
Business Segment 
Leaders
Employees

Governance
53
Board of Directors
ONEOK is led by a 10-member board of directors 
with deep experience and diverse expertise 
relevant to our company’s strategy, business 
and industry. Our board has a long-standing 
commitment to corporate responsibility and 
sustainability, including safety and health, 
environmental performance, community leadership 
and oversight of public policy engagement.
Corporate Governance Highlights
 ◆ Annual elections and majority voting for directors.
 ◆ A commitment to regular board refreshment 
while also valuing diversity and deep industry 
experience.
 ◆ Long-standing shareholder engagement 
program.
 ◆ Bylaws provide for proxy access by eligible 
shareholders.
 ◆ Annual board and committee performance 
evaluations.
 ◆ Mandatory director retirement age of 75.
 ◆ Regular executive sessions of non-management 
directors and independent directors.
 ◆ Annual review of ONEOK’s strategic plan.
 ◆ Risk oversight by full board and committees, 
including a comprehensive annual enterprise risk 
management process.
 ◆ Alignment of executive compensation with total 
shareholder return, return on invested capital, 
EPS, and safety and environmental metrics.
 ◆ Annual succession-planning review by 
independent directors, including succession 
timing and development plan discussions with 
CEO and board chairman.
 ◆ Successful completion of our succession 
planning process to appoint a new president and 
chief executive officer in 2021. 
For additional details on corporate governance 
practices and board membership, see ONEOK’s 
2022 Proxy Statement and the governance section 
of our website.
Independent
Age 60-69
Women
Age ≥ 70
Racial or Ethnic 
Minority
30% 0-5 Years
30% 6-10 Years
40% > 10 Years
Data as of May 5, 2022
Data as of May 5, 2022
ONEOK Board of Directors
Board Tenure
90%
60%
20%
40%
20%

54
Governance
ESH AND SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE
Our ESH Commitment
At ONEOK, Safety and Environmental is a core 
value. This means we commit to a zero-incident 
culture for the well-being of our employees, 
contractors and communities and to operating in 
an environmentally responsible manner.
Our executive management team sets high ESH 
expectations that apply to all employees and 
contractors. These expectations require individuals 
to commit to:
 ◆ The responsibility and ability to control operating 
exposures that may cause an incident, including 
stopping work.
 ◆ Personal involvement and commitment to ESH 
management and compliance.
 ◆ The responsibility to report, or elevate potential 
ESH compliance risks, incidents and near misses 
to the proper level in the organization.
 ◆ Understanding that protection of human health, 
safety and the environment is a top priority, no 
matter how urgent the job, project or commercial 
interests.
 ◆ Responsibility and accountability for 
understanding and complying with all 
laws, regulations, permits, requirements 
and procedures related to their roles and 
responsibilities, including those associated with 
ESH.
 ◆ The execution and implementation of our 
sustainability efforts.
Restored NGL pipeline right of way

Governance
55
ONEOK’s overall ESH structure emphasizes an integrated management system approach founded on continuous improvement. 
Our ESH Management System provides expectations and a framework for operating assets safely, reliably and in an 
environmentally responsible manner. The system is made up of 11 elements that establish standard operating guidelines across 
the company and represent risk controls that are key to successful operations and regulatory compliance.
Risk Identification and 
Management 
Identifying, assessing and  
managing physical risks.
Design, Construction and 
Initial Startup 
Utilizing engineering and 
construction standards, where 
appropriate, and controlling risks 
associated with asset startup.
Stakeholder Engagement 
Fostering an open dialogue 
about our operations with 
both internal and external 
stakeholders.
Operational Controls 
Managing specific operational 
risks to include operating 
procedures, asset integrity, work 
permitting and environmental 
management.
Emergency Management 
Having proper emergency 
action plans and being 
prepared to execute them when 
warranted.
Assessment and 
Improvement 
Assessing our adherence 
and performance against 
established operating/
regulatory expectations and 
sharing key performance 
indicators, as appropriate, with 
stakeholders.
Management of Change 
Minimizing risk as a result of 
operational/organizational 
changes.
Incident Reporting and 
Investigation 
Reporting incidents both 
internally and externally, as 
required, conducting timely 
investigations and sharing 
lessons learned, as appropriate, 
to assist in future incident 
prevention.
Information and Document 
Control 
Maintaining important 
information and documents 
relative to the operation of our 
assets and the management of 
associated risks.
Contractor Management 
Selecting qualified contractors, 
setting expectations and  
monitoring their work.
Training and Competency 
Providing the training our 
employees need to competently 
and safely perform their work 
tasks.
ESH Management System

56
Governance
Plan, Do, Check and Adjust
A “Plan, Do, Check and Adjust” model for 
continuous improvement is employed for each 
of the system’s 11 elements. Together, the 
management system and this model guide 
our operations and provide a road map for 
improvement.
Plan: Establish goals and objectives for 
improvement and identify the activities necessary 
to execute, create and organize.
Do: Communicate and execute the established 
plan.
Check: Assess the effectiveness of execution of 
the plan against established goals and objectives, 
monitor and correct.
Adjust: Make necessary adjustments or changes 
to work processes to better minimize risk and/
or increase operational efficiency and reliability. 
Share lessons learned appropriately throughout the 
organization, review and revise.
Operating Commitment
Operations employees are trained in ONEOK’s 
operating commitment, which consists of five key 
drivers and five key activities. Our key drivers—
safety and health; compliance; environmental 
responsibility; quality and service; and cost 
effectiveness—guide our decision-making 
and are areas of focus in our relationships 
with stakeholders. Our key activities—vision 
and commitment; selection, development 
and engagement; decision rights; incentives; 
and applied knowledge—are part of ONEOK's 
culture and set expectations for every operations 
employee’s role. In 2022, ONEOK’s operating 
commitment was refreshed to align with our new 
Mission, Vision and Core Values.
Safety  
and Health
Vision and Commitment
Selection, Development and 
Engagement
Decision Rights
Incentives
Applied Knowledge
Environmental 
Responsibility
Quality  
and Service
Cost Effectiveness
Compliance
Operating Commitment

Governance
57
ESH Leadership Committee: ONEOK’s ESH 
Leadership Committee provides vision, leadership, 
direction and oversight for all ESG practices and 
ESH programs, processes and management 
systems. The committee is composed of a 
multidisciplinary group of senior management and 
subject-matter experts.
The group routinely provides ESH and ESG updates 
to the board of directors through monthly board 
reports, and four of the committee members report 
directly to ONEOK’s CEO, who is also a board 
member. Several key ESH leadership Committee 
responsibilities include:
 ◆ Evaluating potential ESH and ESG risks and 
opportunities.
 ◆ Identifying, evaluating and communicating 
emerging issues that may impact ESH and ESG 
performance.
 ◆ Reviewing performance trends and driving 
initiatives to improve performance.
 ◆ Promoting consistent companywide application 
of ESH policies, standards and objectives.
 ◆ Overseeing our company’s ESH recognition and 
reward programs.
Operations ESH Subcommittee: An operations 
subcommittee focused on process safety oversight 
and opportunities reports to our ESH Leadership 
Committee. Several members also serve on the 
ESH Leadership Committee. 
ESG Council: The Environmental, Social 
and Governance (ESG) Council was formed 
to continuously improve ESG performance 
and provide meaningful disclosures and 
recommendations. The ESG Council, which reports 
to the ESH Leadership Committee, is structured 
to have a diverse membership composition, 
including leaders from approximately 10 different 
departments.
The council meets monthly to discuss multiple 
ESG topics, such as D&I, investor interest and 
ESG performance. Members attend monthly ESH 
Leadership Committee meetings upon request to 
provide updates and recommendations. 
Several key ESG Council responsibilities include:
 ◆ Reviewing and recommending current and future 
ESG policies, commitments and disclosures.
 ◆ Reviewing performance trends, defining goals 
and recommending ESG initiatives. 
 ◆ Responding to investor inquiries and rating/
ranking agency reports related to ESG topics.
ESH Organization: ESH is embedded within 
operations to provide direct support toward 
accomplishing ONEOK’s ESH goals and 
expectations.
Our operations ESH organization is composed of 
environmental, safety and health professionals who 
focus on compliance and process implementation 
across our assets. The organization includes two 
environmental compliance groups, one focused on 
growth projects and the other focused on existing 
operations, as well as safety and health groups 
specific to our business units.
ONEOK’s corporate ESH organization is 
responsible for strategy, oversight and reporting of 
our ESH functions. The corporate group consists of 
four departments who report to our vice president 
of ESH.
These groups and their functions are:
 ◆ Safety and Health: Oversees ONEOK safety 
and health functions and drives ideas and 
opportunities that strive for continuous 
performance improvement.
 ◆ Management Systems: Guides ESH 
improvement, risk assessment, mitigation 
and ESH information management system 
development and deployment.
 ◆ Technical Training: Provides leadership and 
strategic direction for the technical training 
programs and related activities supporting 
operations.
 ◆ Sustainability: Guides ONEOK’s sustainability 
practices and ESG disclosures.

58
Governance
RISK MANAGEMENT
ONEOK's risk management process, which 
includes the evaluation of certain ESG risks, 
focuses on the assessment of longer-term 
developing risks. The assessment process includes 
a series of meetings and reviews with executive 
and senior management to identify, evaluate and 
prioritize external developing risks over the  
next decade.
This analysis of longer-term developing risks 
supplements our legacy Enterprise Risk 
Management (ERM) process, which focuses 
on a one-year time horizon and shorter-term 
risks. Overseen by our chief financial officer, the 
ERM process and longer-term developing risks 
assessment is a key part of our annual strategic-
planning efforts.
The ERM and longer-term assessment processes 
provide a structure for ongoing risk assessment 
dialogue with executive management and 
facilitates discussions between ONEOK’s board 
and executive management regarding the 
effectiveness of risk-management practices, 
controls and capabilities, risk exposure and 
guidance on when to elevate certain key risks for 
discussion at the board level.
Executive management provides periodic briefings 
and informational sessions for the board on the 
significant risks that our company faces and how 
we’re seeking to control and mitigate those risks. In 
some cases, risk oversight is addressed as part of 
the full board’s ongoing engagement with the chief 
executive officer and executive management.
The board reviews management’s assessment 
of the various operational and regulatory risks 
facing our company, their relative magnitude and 
management’s plan for mitigating these risks. This 
review is integral to the board’s review of ONEOK’s 
business strategy at its annual strategic planning 
meeting and at other meetings as appropriate. In 
certain cases, a board committee is responsible for 
oversight of specific risk topics.
TAX GOVERNANCE
ONEOK’s approach to tax prioritizes compliance 
and risk mitigation. Our overarching tax strategy, 
including the consideration of tax policy, standards 
and principles, is overseen by our chief financial 
officer and is embedded within our company’s 
business segments and financial planning function. 
Additionally, members of the ONEOK Board of 
Directors Audit Committee review tax planning 
efforts and taxing authority developments.
We engage with multiple groups and taxing 
authorities to monitor tax legislation. Our corporate 
tax activity is based within the U.S. and seeks to 
comply with applicable laws at the local, state and 
federal levels.

Governance
59
ETHICS, COMPLIANCE AND REPORTING
ONEOK is committed to operating in an 
ethical manner and in compliance with related 
applicable laws and regulations. Several ethics 
and compliance policies and a Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics govern our business practices 
and set expectations for integrity and lawful 
behaviors.
The ONEOK Hotline provides a forum for the 
submission of complaints or concerns regarding 
improper or unethical business behavior, 
questionable accounting or auditing matters or 
other matters arising under the Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics. Those using the hotline have 
the option to report anonymously.
The ONEOK Whistleblower Policy and the Non-
retaliation Policy within the Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics prohibit any form of retaliation 
against employees for raising a concern honestly 
and in good faith, or truthfully participating in a 
company investigation. All reports, including those 
of retaliation, are investigated. 
Ethics and Compliance Training
ONEOK corporate compliance training reinforces 
our commitment to conducting business with 
integrity, consistent with ONEOK values and in full 
compliance with all laws and regulations. 
All ONEOK board members complete annual 
corporate compliance training on topics including 
anti-corruption, ethics, non-retaliation, securities 
and insider trading, conflicts of interest and 
antitrust guidelines.
All ONEOK employees complete annual training 
and acknowledgments that cover ethics, non-
retaliation, securities and insider trading and 
conflicts of interest.
Additional employee training topics: 
 ◆ Anti-harassment: ONEOK is committed 
to providing our employees with a work 
environment free from harassment, intimidation 
and other inappropriate behavior. All ONEOK 
employees must complete anti-harassment 
training every other year.
 ◆ Anti-corruption: Employees directly impacted 
by ONEOK's Anti-corruption Policy must 
acknowledge the policy and complete training 
every other year. This includes employees 
whose responsibilities may involve international 
business, such as those working in accounting, 
audit, legal, treasury, finance and commercial 
roles. The training reinforces our commitment to 
ethical business practices in full compliance with 
applicable U.S. and foreign laws, and is one of 
the many ways ONEOK manages corruption risks 
and potential fraud.
 ◆ Antitrust: A targeted group of employees also 
receives training on and acknowledges our 
Antitrust Guidelines every year. These guidelines 
are part of our commitment to upholding antitrust 
laws and a competitive marketplace.
Human Exploitation
Human exploitation traps millions of people, 
including children, in horrific situations around 
the world, including here in the U.S. Individuals 
who engage in human exploitation use violence, 
threats, deception, debt bondage and other 
manipulative tactics for the purpose of exploiting 
people, sexually and otherwise, for profit. ONEOK 
is committed to conducting business in an 
environment free from human exploitation of 
any kind and has adopted the ONEOK Human 
Exploitation Policy to reinforce our commitment.
We expect our employees, suppliers and others 
with whom we do business, to respect the human 
rights of all people and engage in ethical labor 
practices that are free of child labor, forced labor 
and other forms of exploitation.
For downloads of the policies and guidelines 
discussed above visit oneok.com.

60
Governance
CYBERSECURITY AND PHYSICAL SECURITY
Protecting Our Assets
ONEOK takes a cross-disciplinary approach 
to cybersecurity and physical security. We use 
systems and procedures to protect our physical 
and cyber assets as well as to enhance business 
continuity and disaster recovery preparedness.
Securing company assets is critical to ONEOK’s 
commitments to:
 ◆ Provide safe work environments for employees 
and contractors.
 ◆ Protect the personal information of its employees 
and contractors 
 ◆ Act as a responsible member of the communities 
where we operate.
 ◆ Provide reliable service to customers.
 ◆ Create value for stakeholders.
Security Leadership
Security at ONEOK is governed by the Security 
Advisory team, an executive advisory committee 
composed of company officers from various 
business segments who meet regularly to evaluate 
ongoing security threats, define policy and prioritize 
initiatives. ONEOK’s board of directors also receives 
regular updates on our company’s physical and 
cybersecurity efforts.
Our vice president of cybersecurity and physical 
security chairs this advisory team and leads work 
groups responsible for cybersecurity, physical 
security, risk management and business continuity.
Cybersecurity
ONEOK’s cybersecurity program generally 
incorporates the guidelines of the widely utilized 
National Institute of Standards and Technology 
(NIST) Cybersecurity Framework and focuses 
primarily on corporate information technology (IT) 
security, operational technology (OT) security and 
physical security.
ONEOK segments its networks into subnetworks 
to improve performance and security. We have 
business continuity and disaster recovery plans in 
place that allow for switching to redundant backup 
systems, alternative forms of communication 
and manual operation of assets. We also work 
collaboratively with the FBI, Department of 
Homeland Security (DHS), Cybersecurity 
and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), 
Transportation Security Administration (TSA) 
and other relevant law enforcement resources to 
address cyberthreats.
Our corporate network infrastructure includes 
technology that gives employees secure, quick 
access to business applications and data while 
off-site. ONEOK’s commitment to providing secure 
remote access and use of cloud-based technology 
enabled business operations to continue 
uninterrupted for employees working remotely.

Governance
61
Critical Infrastructure Security
ONEOK is an essential critical infrastructure 
business, and cybersecurity is a top priority for 
our company’s leadership and board of directors. 
In 2021, the TSA released two security directives 
defining cybersecurity requirements for the 
industry. ONEOK immediately responded to the 
directives and has worked collaboratively with 
our government partners to improve security 
throughout our OT systems. The network 
segmentation and secure remote access 
improvements made in previous years provided 
the foundation for the implementation of these 
requirements. 
Physical Security
ONEOK uses technology as part of its physical 
security strategy. This includes video surveillance 
as well as access control systems that limit facility 
and office entry to approved individuals and provide 
a record of individuals in a workspace at any given 
time. ONEOK has standardized physical security 
technology across our operations, including 
deploying common ID-badge technology. 
Employee and Contractor Security Training
We provide training to help employees and 
contractors recognize and avoid potential security 
threats and ask employees and contractors to 
remain alert to potential problems and report 
suspicious activity to ONEOK Security. All 
employees are required to complete annual, job-
specific security training.
Security training examples:
 ◆ Industrial Control Systems (ICS): Employees 
operating and monitoring ONEOK ICS assets are 
required to complete training on specific threat 
indicators in the ICS environment and practices 
for identifying and responding to threats.
 ◆ HIPAA: ONEOK requires training on the policies 
and procedures it maintains to safeguard 
protected personal health information (PHI) in 
accordance with the Health Insurance Portability 
and Accountability Act (HIPAA). All individuals 
who may have access to PHI are required 
to complete annual training and maintain 
other physical technological and procedural 
safeguards.
 ◆ SecuritySense Program: All employees are 
encouraged to participate in a monthly training 
course that covers a variety of security topics 
such as active shooter awareness, phishing 
awareness, ransomware recognition and 
prevention and physical security at ONEOK 
facilities. More than 80% of our workforce, 
participated in the voluntary SecuritySense 
training program during 2021 completing 
approximately 1,900 total training hours.
Crisis Management and Incident Response
ONEOK maintains detailed procedures covering 
crisis management, emergency response and 
incident communication, and conducts drills to 
practice and evaluate crisis response efforts. Drills 
provide ONEOK and participating authorities an 
opportunity to test crisis response preparedness, 
coordinate efforts and identify areas for 
improvement.

62
ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022
ABOUT THE REPORT
Reporting Scope and Boundary
Unless otherwise noted, this report covers all 
ONEOK operations; environmental data represents 
100% of ONEOK-operated assets; and safety and 
health data represent all ONEOK employees. This 
report primarily presents issues, impacts and data 
from the fiscal year ending Dec. 31, 2021.
Reporting Standards and Frameworks
To help guide ONEOK’s environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) performance disclosures, we 
reference several recognized reporting standards 
and frameworks, including the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards for voluntary 
ESG reporting and Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations 
for voluntary disclosure of climate risks and 
opportunities. For SASB reporting, ONEOK 
references the Extractives and Minerals Processing 
Sector – Oil and Gas Midstream (EM-MD, Version 
2018-10) standard. For GRI reporting, ONEOK 
references GRI 1: Foundation 2021 (available as 
of Oct. 5, 2021) and GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 
Standard 2021. Additionally, ONEOK reports 
industry-specific ESG data aligned with the 
Midstream ESG Reporting Template, developed by 
the Energy Infrastructure Council (EIC) and GPA 
Midstream Association.
APPENDIX

Appendix
63
Limited Assurance from External Third Party
ONEOK’s Corporate Sustainability Report is 
researched and compiled by a collaboration of 
corporate business segments with final review and 
approval by ONEOK executive management. 
We engaged an external third party to perform 
attest procedures for certain environmental 
and safety metrics disclosed in ONEOK’s ESG 
Performance Data and in this report. Metrics 
receiving limited third-party assurance are noted in 
the ESG Performance Data. The external third-party 
report is available on our website.
Materiality Assessment
ONEOK conducted a formal sustainability 
materiality assessment in 2018 to identify 
the issues that matter most to our business 
and stakeholders. The assessment process 
followed the recommended practices outlined 
by the GRI to understand topics that reflect our 
company’s significant ESG impacts, or those that 
could substantively influence the assessment 
and decisions of stakeholders. We reviewed 
sustainability reporting frameworks, peer company 
reports, industry association guidance and media 
sources to identify industry-specific topics of 
significance. We then identified the materiality of 
issues based on the following criteria:
 ◆ Frequency a topic was raised by stakeholders.
 ◆ Likelihood and ability of a topic to impact our 
business objectives.
 ◆ How the business’ performance around a topic 
affects stakeholders. 
For the purpose of this assessment, we referenced 
the GRI’s definition of materiality, which is different 
from the definition set by Generally Accepted 
Accounting Principles (GAAP). ONEOK uses the 
GAAP definition of materiality in company SEC 
filings.
ESG topics identified by GRI materiality assessment include (in alphabetical order):
Environmental Social Governance
 ◆ Air emissions.
 ◆ Ecological impact.
 ◆ Effluent management.
 ◆ Energy management.
 ◆ Environmental compliance.
 ◆ Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
and climate change.
 ◆ Producer flaring.
 ◆ Product stewardship.
 ◆ Remediation and decommissioning.
 ◆ Spills and releases.
 ◆ Waste management.
 ◆ Water supply and compliance.
 ◆ Attraction and retention.
 ◆ Community investments.
 ◆ Contractor and supplier 
management.
 ◆ Diversity and inclusion.
 ◆ Human capital development.
 ◆ Human rights.
 ◆ Labor management relations.
 ◆ Occupational health and safety.
 ◆ Pipeline and process safety.
 ◆ Security practices.
 ◆ Stakeholder engagement.
 ◆ Board leadership and diversity.
 ◆ Comprehensive enterprise risk 
management.
 ◆ Corporate compliance and ethics.
 ◆ Corporate governance.
 ◆ Customer policy.
 ◆ Investor engagement.
 ◆ Political advocacy.
 ◆ Public policy.
 ◆ Shareholder relations.
 ◆ Tax policy.

64
Performance Data
General
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Total Assets (Millions of Dollars) $16,845.9 $18,231.7 $21,812.1 $23,078.8 $23,621.6
Natural Gas Transported: billion cubic feet (bcf)1 — — 1,640.5 1,369.3 1,281.8
Natural Gas Liquids Transported: billion bbl miles2 — — 204.8 154.5 198.0
Safety and Health
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Number of Employee Recordable Injuries3 16 11 9† 17† 13†
Number of Employee Recordable Illnesses4 3 4 0† 3† 0†
Total Injury Rate 0.66 0.43 0.32† 0.59† 0.45†
Total Illness Rate 0.12 0.15 0.00† 0.10† 0.00†
Total Recordable Incident Rate5 0.78 0.58 0.32† 0.69† 0.45†
Number of Lost Time Injuries6 5 2 2 6 6
Lost Time Injury Incident Rate7 0.21 0.08 0.07 0.21 0.21
Number of DART Incidents8 8 3 4† 11† 10†
DART Incident Rate 0.33 0.12 0.14† 0.38† 0.35†
†  ONEOK has received third-party limited assurance from an independent registered public accounting firm for the metrics denoted with a dagger. The external third-
party report is available at oneok.com for full-year 2021 metrics. Full-year 2020 and full-year 2019 metrics have also been subject to previous attest procedures.
All information below reflects 100% of ONEOK-operated assets unless otherwise noted.
ESG PERFORMANCE DATA
1  Natural gas pipelines volume represents all interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines. Natural gas shipped on multiple pipeline systems could be double 
counted. 
2  Natural gas liquids volumes represent only Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)-regulated pipeline volume, which accounts for the majority of 
ONEOK’s total NGL volume transported.
3  Total number of work-related deaths and work-related injuries that result in one or more of the following: loss of consciousness, medically prescribed 
restriction of work or motion, transfer to another job, requirement of medical treatment beyond first-aid and away-from-work cases as defined by the 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA).
4  Total number of work-related illnesses (e.g., carpal tunnel syndrome, hearing standard threshold shifts, chemical exposure, etc.) that result in one or more of 
the following: loss of consciousness, medically prescribed restriction of work or motion, transfer to another job, requirement of medical treatment beyond 
first-aid and away-from-work cases as defined by OSHA.
5  Total OSHA-recordable injuries and illnesses multiplied by 200,000 and divided by total employee work hours.
6  A lost time injury is an on the job injury that results in an employee being absent from the workplace for a minimum of one full day workday. The absent day 
does not include the actual day of the accident.
7  Number of lost-time injuries multiplied by 200,000 and divided by total employee work hours.
8  Days away, restricted or transferred incidents (DART) – Total number of lost workday injuries and illnesses as defined by OSHA. A lost workday is one in which 
(1) the employee is prevented from returning to work, (2) the employee is assigned to another job on a temporary basis, (3) the employee works less than full 
time or (4) the employee is not able to perform all job duties.
ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022

65
Performance Data
Safety and Health
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Employee Fatalities 0 0 0† 0† 0†
Contractor Fatalities 0 0 0 1 0
Number of Preventable Vehicle Incidents9 30 29 29† 21† 22†
Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate10 1.12 1.11 1.04† 0.88† 1.09†
Large Projects Contractor Stats
Number of Recordable Injuries 1 34 54 13 2
Total Recordable Incident Rate 0.38 1.29 0.66 0.57 0.56
Number of DART Incidents 0 7 12 3 1
DART Incident Rate 0.00 0.30 0.15 0.13 0.28
Near Misses 11 85 188 90 31
Good Catches 105 505 2,530 1,590 454
Hours Worked 528,730 5,226,000 16,270,000 4,570,000 710,637
Operational Safety Stats 
Number of Reportable Pipeline Incidents11 
- Natural Gas Transmission and Regulated 
Gathering12
— — 6 2 2
Pipeline Incidents Per 1,000 Miles - Natural Gas 
Transmission and Regulated Gathering12 — — 0.88 0.30 0.29
Number of Reportable Pipeline Accidents13 - 
Natural Gas Liquids Transmission14 — — 12 13 3
Pipeline Accidents Per 1,000 Miles - Natural Gas 
Liquids Transmission14 — — 0.96 1.0 0.22
Rail Transportation Accident releases — — 0 0 0
Rail Transportation Non-accident releases — — 0 0 0
9  A preventable incident is one in which the driver failed to do everything reasonable to avoid the incident and could include: backing, hitting a fixed object, 
running into a vehicle ahead, striking a pedestrian, misjudging available clearance, not driving at a speed consistent with the existing conditions of the road, 
weather, traffic or sight distance.
10  Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (PVIR) is the preventable vehicle incidents per 1 million miles driven.
11 As defined in Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 191.3.
12 As reported to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) in Form F 7100.2-1.
13 As defined in CFR Part 195.50.
14 As reported to PHMSA in Form F 7000-1.1.

66
Performance Data
Safety and Health
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Operational Safety Stats 
Natural gas transmission pipeline inspections: 
in-line, percentage of total pipeline — — 15% 11% 3%
Natural gas transmission pipeline inspections: 
in-line, number of miles — — 1,019 775 184
Natural gas liquids transmission pipeline 
inspections: in-line, percentage of total pipeline — — 35% 36% 23%
Natural gas liquids transmission pipeline 
inspections: in-line, number of miles — — 4,345 4,752 3,090
Additional miles of natural gas transmission 
pipelines inspected using direct assessment — — — 300 230
Environment
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Supplemental Environmental Projects (Thousands of 
Dollars)15 $31.9 $0.0 $14.9 $0.0 $49.5
Environmental Penalties Paid (Thousands of Dollars) $18.1 $23.0 $17.9 $42.3 $3.5
Agency Reportable Environmental Event Rate16 1.23 1.05 0.79 0.42 0.80
Number of Agency Reportable Environmental 
Events17 30 27 22 12 23
Waste
Hazardous Waste (Tons)18 — 23.5 45.5 61.7 123.8
Non-Hazardous Waste (Tons)19 — — 29,182 24,178 13,398
Recycled Materials (Tons)20 — — 548.4 497.5 376.1
15  An environmentally beneficial project undertaken voluntarily in exchange for mitigation of a portion of a penalty agreed to in settlement of issues of 
noncompliance or alleged noncompliance.
16  Agency Reportable Environmental Event Rate (AREER) is defined as the total number of releases and excess emission events that trigger a federal, state or 
local environmental-reporting requirement (with some exceptions to account for events outside our control, planned maintenance and disparity in reporting 
requirements across our operations) per 200,000 work-hours.
17  Total number of AREER events.
18  Hazardous waste totals shipped from all ONEOK operations. Hazardous waste generated includes hazardous waste that has been sent to a third party 
for disposal or potential use for a beneficial purpose such as energy recovery or fuels blending. Hazardous waste totals vary year over year depending on 
episodic generation events from operations and maintenance of our assets.
19  Non-hazardous waste totals shipped from all ONEOK operations. Non-hazardous waste includes waste generated from operations and certain construction 
at new and existing facilities.
20  Total recyclables shipped offsite from all ONEOK operations. Totals include used oil.

67
Performance Data
Environment
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Land
Number of Acres Restored 2,545 2,682 13,705 8,086 476
Percentage of land owned, leased and/ or 
operated within areas of protected conservation 
status or endangered species habitat
— — — — <1%
Water (Millions of Gallons)21
Total Fresh Water Withdrawn22 — — 1,945 1,768 1,906
Withdrawal: Fresh surface water — — 1,015 742 970
Withdrawal: Fresh groundwater — — 784 895 784
Withdrawal: Fresh municipal water — — 146 131 152
Total Water Discharged22 — — 401 569 1,131
Discharge: Injected — — 275 427 143
Discharge: to surface water — — 125 142 979
Discharge: to POTW23 — — 1 0 6
Discharge: to land — — 0 1 3
Total Water Recycled/Reused — — 43 236 43
Spills
Total Hydrocarbon Spills24 — — 21 13 18
Hydrocarbon Spill Volume (bbls) — — 157 66 203
Hydrocarbon Spill Volume in USAs (bbls)25 — — 30 4 5
Total Nonhydrocarbon Spills — — 8 8 19
Nonhydrocarbon Spill Volume (bbls) — — 93 55 41,616
21  All water withdrawn and discharged in accordance with local, state and federal requirements.
22  Water disclosures include water withdrawn and discharged at ONEOK gas processing plants and fractionation facilities.
23  Publicly Owned Treatment Works (POTW).
24  To align ONEOK’s data as closely as possible to spill disclosure recommendations of various respected reporting frameworks and questionnaires (e.g., 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, Global Reporting Initiative, Dow Jones Sustainability Indices Corporate Sustainability Assessment), which 
have similar but non-uniform disclosure recommendations, ONEOK has provided data for above-ground hydrocarbon and nonhydrocarbon spills and 
associated volumes that were greater than 1 barrel and outside of secondary containment. The data do not include the following: (i) legacy hydrocarbon 
and nonhydrocarbon spills and associated volumes (i.e., historic spills and associated volumes that were the result of operations by a corporate entity that 
ONEOK later acquired); (ii) any underground releases and associated volumes – whether it was a legacy underground release or an underground release that 
was the result of ONEOK’s operations; and (iii) spills by contractors working for ONEOK.  
25  Hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 barrel in “Unusually Sensitive Areas” (USAs) as identified by the National Pipeline Mapping System of the Office of Pipeline 
Safety. The National Pipeline Mapping System defines USAs as those included in the five following categories: (1) drinking water, (2) ecological areas, (3) 
high population area, (4) other population area and (5) commercially navigable water.

68
Performance Data
Emissions
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission 
Constituents (Million Metric Tons (MMT), GHGRP 
Only)26
Carbon Dioxide 2.1 2.3 2.8† 2.5† 2.7†
Methane (CO2e) 0.8 0.9 1.0† 0.9† 0.7†
Nitrous Oxide (CO2e) 0.001 0.001 0.002† 0.001† 0.001†
Scope 1 GHGRP Emissions (MMT CO2e) 2.9 3.2 3.8† 3.4† 3.4†
Total Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emission 
Inventory Constituents (Million Metric Tons (MMT))27
Carbon Dioxide — 2.6 3.1 2.7 2.9
Methane (CO2e) — 1.1 1.1 1.0 0.9
Nitrous Oxide (CO2e) — 0.001 0.003 0.003 0.001
Total Scope 1 GHG Emissions Inventory  
(MMT CO2e)27 — 3.7 4.2 3.8† 3.8†
Percentage Methane — — 26.2% 26.3% 23.7%
Percentage covered under emissions-limiting 
regulations — — 0% 0% 0%
Scope 2 CO2e Emissions Attributable to Electricity 
Consumption (MMT)28 2.1 2.6 3.0 2.5† 2.7†
26  Scope 1 emissions are part of ONEOK’s reported emissions pursuant Subpart C and Subpart W – General Stationary Fuel Combustion Sources and 
Petroleum and Natural Gas Systems, part of the Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule. Under Subpart C, direct emitting sources are stationary fuel 
combustion, sources including equipment or machinery that combusts fuel. Subpart W requires us to report methane and CO2 that escapes from operating 
equipment, venting and other processes common to natural gas systems.
27  Beginning in 2019, ONEOK completed an inventory estimating emissions from all facilities including those outside of the Mandatory Greenhouse Gas 
Reporting Rule boundary. The emission calculation methodology matches that found in the Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule.
28  Emissions are estimated using the Location-Based approach as defined by the GHG Protocol’s Scope 2 Guidance. Emissions factors are obtained from the 
U.S. EPA’s Emissions Generation Resource Integrated Database (eGRID) state-level factors and updated annually.

69
Performance Data
Emissions
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Electric Consumption (Million Megawatt-Hours)29 3.6 4.5 4.7 4.5† 5.1†
From Non-Renewable Fuel Sources30 — 3.5 3.6 3.3 3.6
From Renewable Fuel Sources31 — 1.0 1.1 1.2 1.5
Scope 3 GHG Emissions Attributable to Potential 
Emissions from NGL’s Supplied (MMT CO2e)32 49.6 58.1 57.4† 60.4† 66.7†
ONE Future Scope 1 Methane Emissions 
Intensity – Natural Gas Transmission and Storage 
Segment33
— — — 0.022% *
Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2) 
Intensity per Thousand BOE - Total — 7.8 8.4 7.8 7.6
*  Data not available at time of reporting.
29  Total quantity in million megawatt-hours (MWh) of indirect energy consumed from purchased electricity generated off-site.
30  Electric consumption supplied from generation fueled by non-renewable sources includes coal, natural gas, nuclear, oil and all unknown or unspecified 
wholesale market supplied electricity. Until the specific generation resources are known, and where the organized wholesale market is known by ONEOK’s 
utility providers, market reported generation is used as a proxy.
31  Electric consumption supplied from generation fueled by renewable sources includes wind, solar, hydroelectric, biomass and other renewable resources. 
The disposition by ONEOK’s utility providers of any Renewable Energy Credits associated with these generation resources is undetermined.
32  Scope 3 GHG Emissions Attributable to Potential Emissions Resulting from NGL Products Supplied - Emissions reported according to Subpart NN – 
Suppliers of Natural Gas & Natural Gas Liquids, part of the Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule. Suppliers of certain products that would result in 
GHG emissions if combusted or oxidized are required to report under this rule. This calculation includes emission equivalents of NGLs fractionated assuming 
complete combustion or oxidation of NGL products that ONEOK delivers to customers, calculated using the annual volume of each fractionated product and 
multiplying it by an emission factor.  Products covered under the rule include ethane, propane, butane, isobutane, and natural gasoline. If the products are 
combusted or oxidized by downstream customers, that portion would be considered Scope 1 direct emissions for the customer at the point combustion or 
oxidation occurs. Scope 3 does not include the sale of natural gas to end-users.
33  Transmission and storage segment only. 2020 intensity was provided to ONEOK by ONE Future as part of our first reporting cycle. 2018 and 2019 intensities 
were estimated by ONEOK.

70
Performance Data
Criteria Pollutants34
(in Thousand Tons) 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
NOx Emissions 10.7 9.6 8.4 5.5 5.4
CO Emissions 3.9 3.7 3.4 3.1 2.8
SOx Emissions 0.2 0.3 0.2 0.2 0.3
VOCs Emissions 4.1 4.7 4.8 4.1 3.8
PM 2.5 0.2 0.3 0.2 0.2 0.2
PM 10 0.2 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.2
HAPs 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.4
Workplace
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Total Employee Workforce 2,500 2,698 2,869 2,886 2,847
Percent Women – Total Workforce 20.8 20.5 20.0 20.2 20.1
Percent Women – Officers 17.8 18.8 18.6 18.6 19.0
Percent Women – Management 22.1 21.5 22.2 21.3 22.9
Percent Women – Nonmanagement 20.6 20.2 19.5 19.9 19.4
Percent Minorities – Total Workforce 14.8 16.0 15.6 15.9 16.3
Percent Minorities – Officers 4.4 4.2 4.7 7.0 7.1
Percent Minorities – Management 10.9 10.8 10.7 11.1 11.8
Percent Minorities – Nonmanagement 16.0 17.5 17.1 17.3 17.6
Percent Employee Turnover 8.1 8.4 9.2 5.8 10.5
Number of Hires 360 418 466 181 244
Corporate Equality Index Score35 85 95 95 100 100
34  Criteria pollutant emission totals are emissions reported to state agencies for annual emissions inventories.
35  The Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index is released each year and provides an in-depth analysis and rating of large U.S. 
employers and their policies and practices pertinent to diversity and inclusion.

71
Performance Data
Community Investments
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Foundation Contributions (Millions) $3.3 $4.0 $5.1 $5.0 $4.4
Corporate Contributions (Millions) $2.6 $3.1 $4.0 $3.2 $3.6
Total Volunteers 664 674 731 357 263
Total Volunteer Hours Recorded 13,851 14,245 14,757 7,486 4,778
Matching Grant Dollars $268,907 $265,893 $301,102 $239,355 $293,363
Volunteer Service Grant Dollars $37,750 $60,250 $64,250 $64,750 $44,500
Economic Impact
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Property Taxes36 (Millions) $83.6 $87.5 $103.0 $123.0 $146.9
FICA Taxes (Millions) $18.3 $20.8 $25.3 $25.3 $18.4
Payroll (Millions) $257.8 $317.1 $455.8 $393.2 $334.0
Political Involvement
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
Total ONEOK Employee Political Action Committee 
Contributions37 $49,150 $152,320 $34,180 $172,930 $99,350
State Contributions $27,650 $91,320 $21,180 $99,930 $48,850
Federal Contributions $21,500 $61,000 $13,000 $73,000 $50,500
36  A portion of the 2021 total is estimated as we had not received all property tax statements at the time reported. The previously reported 2020 estimate has 
been updated to reflect actual amounts paid. 
37  ONEOK Inc. does not make corporate contributions to (1) political candidates, parties, committees or campaigns; (2) super PACs; or (3) 501(c)(4) 
organizations (or other tax-exempt entities) formed for political purposes. In addition, in most circumstances ONEOK, Inc. will not make contributions 
designed to influence the outcome of ballot measures. However, ONEOK, Inc. has in the past, and may in the future, support or oppose specific ballot 
measures that could impact the company, its employees, assets or operations. In the event ONEOK, Inc. decides to support or oppose a particular ballot 
measure, the company will provide the appropriate disclosure of such support or opposition, including any corporate funds expended for that purpose.  
This table, and the data provided therein (the “Data”), is provided for informational purposes only. Neither ONEOK, Inc., nor any of its affiliates (collectively, 
“ONEOK”) makes, and hereby expressly disclaims, any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the Data contained herein. ONEOK 
has no obligation or duty to (1) update or correct the Data, (2) provide additional details regarding the Data, or (3) continue to provide the Data, in any form, in 
the future. The table and Data may be modified, updated, changed, deleted or supplemented (collectively, “Modifications”) from time to time without notice 
and ONEOK reserves the right to make any such Modifications in its sole discretion. In some cases, the Data is based on information prepared by third party 
vendors and consultants of ONEOK and is not independently verified by ONEOK. The Data should not be interpreted as any form of guaranty or assurance 
of future results or trends. Unless otherwise provided, this table and the Data contained therein, is expressly not incorporated by reference into any filing of 
ONEOK made with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other filing, report, application or statement made by ONEOK to any federal, 
state, tribal or local governmental authority.

72
SASB/GRI Index
SASB Standard GRI Standard GRI Sector  
Standard Reference
Disclosure Response, link or additional 
information
General
EM-MD-000.A 2-1 Organizational details CSR: Energy in Action, pgs. 4-7; 
Transforming Energy Future,  
pgs. 10-11
AR: pgs. 1-2, 5, 16
2-2 Entities included in sustainability 
reporting
CSR: About the Report, pg. 62
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and 
contact point
CSR: About the Report, pg. 62
2-5 External assurance CSR: About the Report, pg. 62
PD: CSR Appendix
Activities and Workers
2-6 Activities, value chain and other 
business relationships
CSR: Energy in Action, pgs. 4-7; 
Social, pgs. 42-45
AR: Business, pg. 5 
2-7 Employees CSR: Social, pgs. 32-33
PD: CSR Appendix 
The disclosure index below provides ONEOK's performance data aligned with sector-specific SASB and GRI voluntary reporting 
standards. The table includes information and links to related content included in ONEOK's 2021-2022 Corporate Sustainability Report 
and other disclosures or reports published by ONEOK. All data represents full-year information unless otherwise noted. Environmental 
data represents 100% of ONEOK-operated assets. 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB):
SASB Standards provide industry-specific disclosure guidance for reporting financially material sustainability information. Reported data 
is aligned with the recommended metrics for the SASB Extractive and Minerals Processing - Oil and Gas Midstream Sector (EM-MD, 
Version 2018-10). 
Global Reporting Initiative (GRI): 
ONEOK has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period Jan. 1, 2021, to Dec. 31, 2021, unless otherwise noted, 
with reference to the GRI Standards. GRI standards referenced: GRI 1: Foundation 2021 (available as of Oct. 5, 2021) and GRI 11: Oil and 
Gas Sector Standard 2021.
Legend of ONEOK reports referenced in the index below:
CSR: ONEOK's 2021-2022 Corporate Sustainability/ESG Report 
AR: ONEOK's 2021 Annual Report
PS: ONEOK's 2022 Proxy Statement 
PD: ONEOK's ESG Performance Data 
SASB/GRI DISCLOSURE INDEX
ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022

73
SASB/GRI Index
SASB Standard GRI Standard GRI Sector  
Standard Reference
Disclosure Response, link or additional 
information
Governance
2-9 Governance structure and 
composition
CSR: pgs. 51-53
PS: Governance of the Company, 
pgs. 20-31 
2-10 Nomination and selection of the 
highest governance body
PS: Director Nominations, pg. 27
2-11 Chair of the highest governance 
body
CSR: pg. 52
PS: Supplement dated May 25, 
2022 
2-12 Role of highest governance body 
in overseeing the management 
of impacts
CSR: Governance, pgs. 51-53, 60
PS: Governance of the Company, 
pgs. 20-31 
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for 
managing impacts
CSR: Governance, pgs. 51-54, 
57-58
PS: Governance of the Company, 
pgs. 20-31 
2-14 Role of highest governance body 
in sustainability reporting
CSR: Environment, pg. 13; 
Governance, pgs. 51-53, 58
PS: ESG Oversight, pg. 33
2-15 Conflicts of interest PS: Director Nominees, pg. 47; 
Stock Ownership, pgs. 56-57; 
Related Person Transactions, 
pg. 91
2-16 Communication of critical 
concerns
CSR: Governance, pg. 59
PS: Complaint Procedures,  
pg. 31
2-17 Collective knowledge of the 
highest governance body
PS: Qualifications and 
Experience, pgs. 44-47
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of 
the highest governance body
PS: Annual Evaluations, pg. 30; 
Election of Directors, pg. 44
2-19 Remuneration policies PS: Director Compensation, pg. 
28; Executive Compensation, 
pgs. 58-87
2-20 Process to determine 
remuneration
PS: Executive Compensation,  
pgs. 58-87
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio PS: CEO Pay Ratio, pg. 87

74
SASB/GRI Index
SASB Standard GRI Standard GRI Sector  
Standard Reference
Disclosure Response, link or additional 
information
Strategy, Policies and Practices
2-22 Statement on sustainable 
development strategy
CSR: CEO Letter, pgs. 2-3; 
Transforming Energy Future,  
pgs. 10-11
2-23 Policy commitments CSR: Social, pgs. 48-49; 
Governance, pg. 59
oneok.com/sustainability 
2-24 Embedding policy commitments CSR: Social, pgs. 48-49; 
Governance, pg. 59
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice 
and raising concerns
CSR: Governance, pg. 59
oneok.com/sustainability 
2-27 Compliance with laws and 
regulations
PD: CSR Appendix
2-28 Membership associations CSR: Social, pg. 41
oneok.com/about-us/
political-engagement
Stakeholder Engagement
2-29 Approach to stakeholder 
engagement
CSR: pg. 47
PS: pg. 22
Economic Performance
201-1 11.14.2, 11.21.2 Direct economic value generated 
and distributed
CSR: pgs. 32-33
AR: MD&A, pgs. 37-46
201-2 11.2.2, 11.14.3 Financial implications and other 
risks and opportunities due to 
climate change
CSR: pgs. 10-16, TCFD Index
AR: Risk Factors, pgs. 23-24
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations 
and other retirement plans
CSR: pgs. 30-31
AR: Employee Benefit Plans, pgs. 
85-90
Indirect Economic Impacts
203-1 11.14.4 Infrastructure investments and 
services supported
CSR: Environment, pg. 21;  
Social, pgs. 38-40
AR: MD&A, pgs. 37-46

75
SASB/GRI Index
SASB Standard GRI Standard GRI Sector  
Standard Reference
Disclosure Response, link or additional 
information
Indirect Economic Impacts
203-2 11.14.5 Significant indirect economic 
impacts
CSR: Energy in Action, pgs. 4-7;  
Social, pgs. 32; 38-40
AR: MD&A, pgs. 37-46
Procurement Practices
204-1 11.14.6 Proportion of spending on local 
suppliers
CSR: Social, pgs. 42-45
Anti-Corruption
205-1 11.20.2 Operations assessed for risks 
related to corruption
CSR: Governance, pg. 59
205-2 11.20.3 Communication and training 
about anti-corruption policies 
and procedures
CSR: Governance, pg. 59
Tax
207-1 11.21.4 Approach to tax CSR: Governance, pg. 58
207-2 11.21.5 Tax governance, control and risk 
management
CSR: Governance, pg. 58
207-3 11.21.6 Stakeholder engagement and 
management of concerns related 
to tax 
CSR: Governance, pg. 58
207-4 11.21.7 Country-by-county reporting CSR: Governance, pg. 58
Energy
302-1 11.1.2 Energy consumption within the 
organization
CSR: Environment, pgs. 14-15
PD: CSR Appendix
302-2 11.1.3 Energy consumption outside of 
the organization
CSR: Environment, pg. 14
PD: CSR Appendix
302-3 11.1.4 Energy intensity PD: CSR Appendix
302-5 Reductions in energy 
requirements of products and 
services
PD: CSR Appendix

76
SASB/GRI Index
SASB Standard GRI Standard GRI Sector  
Standard Reference
Disclosure Response, link or additional 
information
Water and Effluents
303-1 11.6.2 Interactions with water as a 
shared resource
CSR: Environment, pgs. 18-21
303-3 11.6.4 Water withdrawal PD: CSR Appendix
303-4 11.6.5 Water discharge PD: CSR Appendix
303-5 11.6.6 Water consumption PD: CSR Appendix
Biodiversity
EM-MD-160a.1
EM-MD-160a.2
304-1 11.4.2 Operational sites in or adjacent 
to protected areas and high 
biodiversity value areas
CSR: Environment, pgs. 18-21
PD: CSR Appendix
EM-MD-160a.1 304-2 11.4.3 Significant impacts of activities, 
products and services on 
biodiversity
CSR: Environment, pgs. 18-21
PD: CSR Appendix
EM-MD-160a.1
EM-MD-160a.3
304-3 11.4.4 Habitats protected or restored CSR: Environment, pgs. 18-21
PD: CSR Appendix
304-4 11.4.5 IUCN Red List species and 
national conservation list species 
with habitats in areas affected by 
operations
CSR: Environment, pgs. 18-21
Emissions
EM-MD-110a.1
EM-MD-110a.2
305-1 11.1.5 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions CSR: Environment, pg. 14
PD: CSR Appendix
305-2 11.1.6 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG 
emissions
CSR: Environment, pg. 14
PD: CSR Appendix
305-3 11.1.7 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG 
emissions
CSR: Environment, pg. 14
PD: CSR Appendix
305-4 11.1.8 GHG emissions intensity PD: CSR Appendix
EM-MD-110a.2 305-5 11.2.3 Reduction of GHG emissions CSR: Environment, pgs. 13-17
PD: CSR Appendix
EM-MD-120a.1 305-7 11.3.2 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur 
oxides (SOx) and other 
significant air emissions
PD: CSR Appendix

77
SASB/GRI Index
SASB Standard GRI Standard GRI Sector  
Standard Reference
Disclosure Response, link or additional 
information
Waste
306-1 11.5.2 Waste generation and significant 
waste-related impacts
PD: CSR Appendix
EM-MD-160a.4 306-3 11.5.4, 11.8.2 Waste generated, hydrocarbon 
spills
PD: CSR Appendix
306-4 11.5.5 Waste diverted from disposal PD: CSR Appendix
Employment
401-1 11.10.2 New employee hires and 
employee turnover
CSR: Workforce, pg. 32
PD: CSR Appendix 
401-2 11.10.3 Benefits provided to full-time 
employees that are not provided 
to temporary or part-time 
employees
CSR: Workforce, pg. 31
401-3 11.10.4, 11.11.3 Parental leave CSR: Workforce, pg. 31
Occupational Health and Safety
EM-MD-540a.4 403-1 11.9.2 Occupational health and safety 
management system
CSR: Governance, pg. 55;  
Social, pg. 27
EM-MD-540a.1
EM-MD-540a.2
EM-MD-540a.3
403-2 11.9.3 Hazard identification, risk 
assessment and incident 
investigation
CSR: Environment, pgs. 22-23
PD: CSR Appendix
403-4 11.9.5 Worker participation, 
consultation and communication 
on occupational health and 
safety
CSR: Social, pgs. 26-28
403-5 11.9.6 Worker training on occupational 
health and safety
CSR: Social, pg. 28
403-6 11.9.7 Promotion of worker health CSR: Social, pgs. 24-28, 31
403-8 11.9.9 Workers covered by an 
occupational health and safety 
management system 
CSR: Governance, pg. 55; 
Social, pg. 27
403-9 11.9.10 Work-related injuries PD: CSR Appendix
403-10 11.9.11 Work-related ill health PD: CSR Appendix

78
SASB/GRI Index
SASB Standard GRI Standard GRI Sector  
Standard Reference
Disclosure Response, link or additional 
information
Training and Education
404-1 11.10.6, 11.11.4 Average hours of training per 
year per employee
CSR: Highlights, pg. 8
404-2 11.7.3, 11.10.7 Programs for upgrading 
employee skills and transition 
assistance programs
CSR: Social, pgs. 28, 30-31
404-3 Percentage of employees 
receiving regular performance 
and career development reviews
CSR: Social, pgs. 29-30
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
405-1 11.11.5 Diversity of governance bodies 
and employees
CSR: Workforce, pgs. 32-33; 
Governance, pg. 53 
PD: CSR Appendix 
Forced or Compulsory Labor
409-1 11.12.2 Operations and suppliers at 
significant risk for incidents of 
forced or compulsory labor
CSR: Governance, pg. 59
Security Practices
410-1 11.18.2 Security personnel trained 
in human rights policies or 
procedures
CSR: Governance, pg. 59

79
SASB/GRI Index
SASB Standard GRI Standard GRI Sector  
Standard Reference
Disclosure Response, link or additional 
information
Local Communities
413-1 11.15.2 Operations with local 
community engagement, impact 
assessments and development 
programs
CSR: Corporate Citizenship,  
pgs. 38-40;  
Stakeholder Engagement,  
pgs. 46-49; Governance, pg. 59 
413-2 11.15.3 Operations with significant 
actual and potential negative 
impacts on local communities
CSR: Environment, pgs. 14-15, 
18-21
Supplier Social Assessment
414-1 11.10.8, 11.12.3 New suppliers that were 
screened using social criteria
CSR: Social, pgs. 42-45
Public Policy
415-1 11.22.2 Political contributions CSR: Social, pg. 41
PD: CSR Appendix 
oneok.com/about-us/
political-engagement

80
TCFD Index
Disclosure Location
Governance
Disclose the organization’s governance 
around climate-related risks and 
opportunities
(a)  Describe the Board’s oversight of 
climate-related risks and opportunities
CSR: Environment, Emissions Reduction 
and Climate Change, pgs. 12-16; 
Governance, pg. 52
PS: Enterprise Risk Management, pg. 23-24
(b)  Describe management’s role in 
assessing and managing climate-
related risks and opportunities
CSR: Environment, Emissions Reduction 
and Climate Change, pgs. 12-16; 
Environment, ESH and Sustainability 
Governance, pg. 52; Governance, Risk 
Management, pgs. 57-58
Risk Management
Disclose how the organization identifies, 
assesses and manages climate-related 
risks
(a)  Describe the organization’s processes 
for identifying and assessing climate-
related risks and opportunities
CSR: Governance, Risk Management,  
pgs. 57-58
PS: Enterprise Risk Management, pgs. 
23-24
(b)  Describe the organization’s processes 
for managing climate-related risks
CSR: Governance, Risk Management,  
pgs. 57-58
PS: Enterprise Risk Management, pgs. 
23-24
(c)  Describe how processes for 
identifying, assessing and managing 
climate-related risks are integrated 
into the organization’s overall risk 
management
CSR: Governance, Risk Management,  
pgs. 57-58
PS: Enterprise Risk Management, pgs. 
23-24
TCFD provides companies with a voluntary framework for climate-related assessment and reporting. Framework recommendations 
outline four core reporting elements – Strategy, Governance, Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets. The table below provides the 
location of ONEOK’s current disclosures that align with TCFD.
Legend of ONEOK reports referenced in the index below:
CSR: ONEOK's 2021-2022 Corporate Sustainability/ESG Report 
AR: ONEOK's 2021 Annual Report
PS: ONEOK's 2022 Proxy Statement 
PD: ONEOK's ESG Performance Data
TASK FORCE ON CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) INDEX
ONEOK Sustainability Report 
2021-2022

81
TCFD Index
Disclosure Location
Strategy
Disclose the actual and potential impacts 
of climate-related risks and opportunities 
on the organization’s business, strategy and 
financial planning where such information 
is material
(a)  Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium and 
long-term
CSR: Transforming Energy Future, pgs. 
10-11; Environment, Emissions Reduction 
and Climate Change, pgs. 12-16; 
Governance, pgs. 57-58
PS: Enterprise Risk Management, pg. 23-24
(b)  Describe the impact of climate-
related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s business, strategy and 
financial planning
CSR: Environment, Emissions Reduction 
and Climate Change, pgs. 12-16; 
Environment, ESH and Sustainability 
Governance, pgs. 52-56; Governance, Risk 
Management, pgs. 57-58
(c)  Describe the resilience of the 
organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2 degree Celsius 
or lower scenario
CSR: ONEOK Performance Targets, pg. 9; 
Emissions Reduction and Climate Change, 
pgs. 13-17; Transforming Energy Future, 
pgs. 10-11
Metrics and Targets
Disclose the metrics and targets used 
to assess and manage relevant climate-
related risks and opportunities where such 
information is material
(a)  Describe the targets used by the 
organization to manage climate-
related risks and opportunities and 
performance against targets
CSR: ONEOK Performance Targets, pg. 9; 
Environment, Emissions Reduction and 
Climate Change, pgs. 13-17
PS: Environmental Safety and Health, 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions, pgs. 36-38
(b)  Disclose the metrics used by the 
organization to assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities in line with 
its strategy and risk management 
processes
CSR: Environment, Greenhouse Gas Data, 
pgs. 13-17
PD: CSR Appendix
(c)  Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if 
appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions, 
and the related risks
CSR: Environment, Greenhouse Gas Data, 
pgs. 13-17
PD: CSR Appendix
EIC Midstream ESG Reporting Template

82
Appendix
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
Some of the statements contained and incorporated in this report are forward-looking statements as defined 
under federal securities laws. We make these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor 
protections provided under federal securities legislation and other applicable laws. These statements are not 
guarantees of future results, occurrences or performance. The following discussion is intended to identify 
important factors that could cause future outcomes to differ materially from those set forth in the forward-
looking statements.
Any statements other than statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements. 
Forward-looking statements include the information concerning possible or assumed future results of our 
operations and other statements contained or incorporated herein identified by words such as “anticipate,” 
“believe,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “target,” “guidance,” “intend,” “may,” 
“might,” “outlook,” “plan,” “potential,” “project,” “scheduled,” “should,” “will,” “would,” and other words and terms 
of similar meaning.
One should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Known and unknown risks, uncertainties 
and other factors, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control, may cause our actual results, 
performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements 
expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. In addition to any assumptions and other factors referred 
to specifically in connection with the forward-looking statements, factors that could cause our actual results 
to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statement include, among others, the 
following:
 ◆ The length, severity and reemergence of a pandemic or other health crisis, such as the COVID-19 pandemic 
and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/
or health authorities implement to address it, which may (as with COVID-19) precipitate or exacerbate one or 
more of the factors herein, reduce the demand for natural gas, NGLs and crude oil and significantly disrupt 
or prevent us and our customers and counterparties from operating in the ordinary course for an extended 
period and increase the cost of operating our business;
 ◆ Operational challenges relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and efforts to mitigate the spread of the virus, 
including logistical challenges, protecting the health and well-being of our employees, remote work 
arrangements, performance of contracts and supply chain disruption;
 ◆ The effects of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including changes with respect to 
income and other taxes, pipeline safety, environmental compliance, cybersecurity, climate change initiatives, 
emissions credits, carbon offsets, carbon pricing, production limits and authorized rates of recovery of natural 
gas and natural gas transportation costs;
 ◆ Changes in demand for the use of natural gas, NGLs and crude oil because of the development of new 
technologies or other market conditions caused by concerns about climate change;
 ◆ The impact of the transition to a lower carbon economy, including the timing and extent of the transition, as well 
as the expected role of different energy sources, including natural gas, NGLs and crude oil, in such a transition;
 ◆ The pace of technological advancements and industry innovation, including those focused on reducing 
GHG emissions and advancing other climate-related initiatives, and our ability to take advantage of those 
innovations and developments;
 ◆ The effectiveness of our risk-management function, including mitigating cyber- and climate-related risks;
 ◆ Our ability to identify and execute opportunities, and the economic viability of those opportunities, including 
those relating to renewable natural gas; carbon capture, use, and storage; other renewable energy sources 
such as solar and wind; and alternative low carbon fuel sources such as hydrogen;
 ◆ The ability of our existing assets and our ability to apply and continue to develop our expertise to support the 
growth of, and transition to, various renewable and alternative energy opportunities, including through the 
positioning and optimization of our assets;

Appendix
83
 ◆ Our ability to efficiently reduce our GHG emissions (both Scope 1 and 2 emissions), including through the 
use of lower carbon power alternatives, management practices and system optimizations;
 ◆ The effects of changes in governmental policies and regulatory actions, including changes with respect to 
tax policy, emissions credits, carbon offsets and carbon pricing;
 ◆ The necessity to focus on maintaining and enhancing our existing assets while reducing our Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions;
 ◆ The effects of weather and other natural phenomena, and the effects of climate change (including physical 
and transition-related effects), on our operations, demand for our services and energy prices;
 ◆ Acts of nature, sabotage, terrorism or other similar acts that cause damage to our facilities or our suppliers’, 
customers’ or shippers’ facilities;
 ◆ The possibility of future terrorist attacks or the possibility or occurrence of an outbreak of, or changes in, 
hostilities or changes in the political conditions throughout the world, including the current conflict in Ukraine 
and the surrounding region;
 ◆ The risk of increased costs for insurance premiums, security or other items as a consequence of terrorist attacks;
 ◆ The risks inherent in the use of information systems in our respective businesses and those of our 
counterparties and service providers, including cyber-attacks, which, according to experts, have increased in 
volume and sophistication since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic; implementation of new software 
and hardware; and the impact on the timeliness of information for financial reporting;
 ◆ The mechanical integrity of facilities and pipelines operated;
 ◆ The uncertainty of estimates, including accruals and costs of environmental remediation;
 ◆ The impacts of acquisitions or dispositions; and
 ◆ Those factors listed under “Forward-looking Statements” in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
year ended Dec. 31, 2021 (2021 Annual Report), and in our other filings that we make with the United States 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), which are available via the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and 
our website at www.oneok.com.
These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those expressed in any of our forward-looking statements. Other factors could also affect adversely 
our future results. These and other risks are described in greater detail in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our 
2021 Annual Report and in our other filings that we make with the SEC, which are available via the SEC’s 
website at www.sec.gov and our website at www.oneok.com. All forward-looking statements attributable to 
us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by these factors. Any such forward-
looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is first made, and other than as required 
under securities laws, we undertake no, and expressly disclaim any, obligation to update publicly any forward-
looking statement whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or change in circumstances, 
expectations or otherwise. We also do not, and do not intend, to independently verify third-party data contained 
in this report or used in the estimates and assumptions necessary to certain matters discussed in this report. 
This report contains statements based on hypothetical or severely adverse scenarios and assumptions, 
and these statements should not necessarily be viewed as being representative of current or actual risk or 
forecasts or expected risk. While the future events and current scenarios and efforts discussed in this report 
may be significant, any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality as that 
term is defined for the purposes of compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws or disclosure regulations 
promulgated thereunder, even if we use the word “material” or “materiality” in this report or in other materials 
we may release from time to time in connection with the matters discussed in this report.  Moreover, given the 
uncertainties, estimates and assumptions inherent in the matters discussed in this report, and the timelines 
involved, materiality is inherently difficult to assess far in advance.  In addition, given the inherent uncertainty 
of the estimates, assumptions and timelines associated with the matters discussed in this report, we may not 
be able to anticipate in advance whether or the degree to which we will or will not be able to meet our plans, 
targets or goals.

100 West Fifth Street | Tulsa, OK 74103-4298 
Post Office Box 871 | Tulsa, OK 74102-0871
oneok.com