SUSTAINABILITY
2021 REPORT

2020 Sustainability Awards and Achievements 
America’s Best Employers for Diversity
America’s Best Large Employers
Forbes
100 Most Sustainably Managed Companies in the World
Wall Street Journal
Best for Vets Employer
Military Times
3 Distinguished Safety Awards for 2020 Performance
Lake Charles Refinery | Ponca City Refinery | Santa Maria Refinery
Elite Gold Award
Borger Refinery 
Elite Silver Awards
Billings Refinery | Rodeo Refinery
American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers
32 Phillips 66 Facilities 
OSHA Voluntary Protection Program
Distinguished Pipeline Safety Award for Large Operators
American Petroleum Institute
Company Safety Award
Perfect Record Award
GPA Midstream
0.11 Total Recordable Rate
0.02 Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate in Refining
Company Record Personal Safety
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ON THE COVER 
Fuel cell laboratory at the Phillips 66 Research Center
BARTLESVILLE, OK
WEB-EXCLUSIVE VIDEO
Energy Research & Innovation  
Solid Oxide Fuel Cell Program 
Letter From Our Chairman and CEO  2
About This Sustainability Report  3
Governance  4  
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Analysis  16
Operating Excellence  26
Environmental Stewardship  38
Social Responsibility  48
Performance Data  62 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Disclosures  68
11

To Our Employees, Communities and Investors, 
When we presented our sustainability report last year, we took the opportunity to tell you 
what we were doing at that moment as our industry — and the world — contended with 
the pandemic. 
WEB-EXCLUSIVE VIDEO
Hear More From Our  
Chairman and CEO
At Phillips 66, we honored our values as we responded to the 
challenges: We acted quickly and decisively to keep our people safe, 
our assets running and our communities strong. You’ll see the results of 
many of those efforts in this report.
In 2020, we achieved our best year yet in safety despite all of the year’s 
challenges. We leaned into digital transformation of our permitting and 
work processes. We continued our community engagement and support 
in impactful yet different ways.
We expanded our commitment to environmental responsibility, 
setting a goal for all our refining sites to achieve top-third energy 
efficiency by 2030. We developed meaningful and achievable 
targets for greenhouse gas emissions that are tied to viable plans 
and specific projects consistent with our disciplined approach to 
capital allocation. The targets are detailed in this report.
We also distinguished ourselves in how we kept Phillips 66 
moving forward into 2021 and preparing for the future. 
We announced the Rodeo Renewed project in California, 
which will convert our San Francisco Refinery into one of the 
world’s largest renewable fuels facilities, and introduced our 
new Emerging Energy organization, which is charged with 
establishing a lower-carbon business platform for Phillips 66. 
Both of these endeavors demonstrate the important role 
Phillips 66 has in advancing a lower-carbon future. We are 
committed to being part of the solution to help the world address 
climate change.
We ended 2020 
keenly aware of the 
vital role we play in 
the economy. Our 
diverse workforce 
comes together 
every day with ingenuity and focus to bring energy to the world. The 
commitment of our people enables Phillips 66 to make, transport and 
sell energy products that help meet the needs of the increasing global 
population.
This report includes our Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures analysis and expanded metrics from industry templates and 
those Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) segments 
applicable to our businesses.
We value your interest and welcome your feedback. 
In safety, honor and commitment,
Greg Garland
Chairman and CEO
Greg Garland
Chairman and CEO
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
2

3
About This Sustainability Report
Phillips 66 has published annual sustainability metrics and information on our website since the  
company was founded in 2012. 
This year’s report continues that transparency with critical performance data, feedback from our  
stakeholder engagement programs, details on our governance, oversight, policies and programs, 
acknowledgment of our achievements, and descriptions of our investments and resources that are vital to 
our company’s long-term sustainability.
We have assessed our operations against SASB materiality criteria for Refining, Marketing and Midstream, 
addressing those most relevant to our business and our stakeholders. A SASB content index is included at 
the end of this report.
We provide analysis and disclosures based on the TCFD framework.
We considered industry trade association publications, including: 
• The American Petroleum Institute’s Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary Sustainability Reporting
• The Association of Oil Pipe Lines Corporate Social Risk Management & Reporting
• Recommendations from the International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association (IPIECA)
We also receive guidance on sustainability strategy and reporting as a member of the Boston College  
Center for Corporate Citizenship.
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, this report covers Phillips 66’s performance in 2020 and focuses on 
outcomes from our operated assets, including our master limited partnership, Phillips 66 Partners LP, and  
WRB Refining LP. Nonoperated joint ventures, such as Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem) and 
DCP Midstream, LLC, publish sustainability reports on their websites for interested readers.
A detailed look at our culture, workforce metrics and benefits can be found in our Human Capital Management Report, 
while details of our assets and operations can be found in our Year in Review report.
A glossary of our terms can be found in Performance Data at the end of this report.
Financial information can be found on the Phillips 66 Investors site.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. Words and phrases such 
as “is anticipated,” “is estimated,” “is expected,” “is planned,” “is scheduled,” “is targeted,” “believes,” “continues,” “intends,” “will,” “would,” “objectives,” 
“goals,” “projects,” “efforts,” “strategies” and similar expressions are used to identify such forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these 
words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements included herein are based on management’s expectations, 
estimates and projections as of the date they are made. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and you should not unduly rely on 
them as they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially 
from what is expressed or forecast in such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those 
described in the forward-looking statements include: the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and its negative impact on commercial activity 
and demand for refined petroleum products; the inability to timely obtain or maintain permits necessary for capital projects; changes to worldwide 
government policies relating to renewable fuels and greenhouse gas emissions that adversely affect programs like the renewable fuel standards 
program, low carbon fuel standards and tax credits for biofuels; the pace of technological advances advancements and industry innovation, including 
those focused on reducing GHG emissions and advancing other climate-related initiatives, and our ability to take advantage of those innovations and 
advancements; our ability to identify and execute opportunities, including through the positioning and optimization of our assets; our ability to efficiently 
and economically reduce the carbon intensity of our operations; fluctuations in NGL, crude oil, and natural gas prices, and petrochemical and refining 
margins; unexpected changes in costs for constructing, modifying or operating our facilities; unexpected difficulties in manufacturing, refining or 
transporting our products; the level and success of drilling and production volumes around the companies’ assets; risks and uncertainties with respect to 
the actions of actual or potential competitive suppliers and transporters of refined petroleum products, renewable fuels or specialty products; lack of, or 
disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for NGL, crude oil, natural gas, and refined products; potential liability from litigation or for remedial 
actions, including removal and reclamation obligations under environmental regulations; failure to complete construction of capital projects on time and 
within budget; the inability to comply with governmental regulations or make capital expenditures to maintain compliance; limited access to capital or 
significantly higher cost of capital related to illiquidity or uncertainty in the domestic or international financial markets; potential disruption of operations 
due to accidents, weather events, including as a result of climate change, terrorism or cyberattacks; general domestic and international economic and 
political developments; changes in governmental policies relating to NGL, crude oil, natural gas, refined petroleum products, or renewable fuels pricing, 
regulation or taxation, including exports; changes in estimates or projections used to assess fair value of intangible assets, goodwill and property and 
equipment and/or strategic decisions with respect to our asset portfolio that cause impairment charges; investments required, or reduced demand for 
products, as a result of environmental rules and regulations; changes in tax, environmental and other laws and regulations (including alternative energy 
mandates); the operation, financing and distribution decisions of equity affiliates we do not control; and other economic, business, competitive and/
or regulatory factors affecting our businesses generally as set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Phillips 66 is under no 
obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or alter any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future 
events or otherwise.

Town hall at headquarters
HOUSTON, TX
Governance
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
4
4
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

Governance
Our principles of governance and ethics  
serve as the foundation of every level  
and aspect of our organization.
5
5

6
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Phillips 66 has a diverse portfolio of assets in our Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and 
Marketing and Specialties businesses. Our company’s role is to make, process, transport, 
store and market fuels and essential products worldwide. At Phillips 66, we provide energy 
that improves lives and meets the world’s growing energy needs.  
of the company’s sustainability program and initiatives 
to further emphasize oversight of such matters.
The Audit and Finance Committee monitors our 
enterprisewide risk management program and our 
controls, compliance and ethics.
The Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee (HRCC) determines the compensation 
of our executive leadership team and provides 
oversight of our human capital management 
strategy, including workplace culture, inclusion and 
diversity, and other talent management programs 
and initiatives, including succession planning for 
senior officers.
The company and board governing documents lay 
out the roles and responsibilities of the board and its 
committees. In addition, the talent and composition  
of our board of directors augment this governance.
THE ENERGY TRANSITION  
As a part of the global energy transition, we invest 
in technology to improve our assets, products 
and processes to be more efficient and capitalize 
on emerging opportunities as the energy market 
transforms. That includes investment in alternative 
energy. We are committed to renewables, which the 
Energy Information Administration predicts will make 
up 28% of global energy consumption by 2050. 
Alternative energy can be seen globally across the 
Phillips 66 value chain in our investments in the 
Rodeo Renewed project in California, renewable fuel 
production at the Humber Refinery in the United 
Kingdom, and our participation in Humber Zero and 
the long-term green hydrogen project Gigastack.
In January 2021, we announced the creation of our 
Emerging Energy group to focus on commercializing 
and implementing emerging energy technology 
within Phillips 66 operations and assets. Chairman 
and CEO Greg Garland told investors, “The ultimate 
goal is to have an Emerging Energy business that 
will stand beside our Midstream, our Chemical, 
our Refining, and our Marketing and Specialties 
businesses.” This report will highlight early initiatives 
of the Emerging Energy group.
women independent
44% 89%
Board of Directors 
Corporate Strategy
Sustainability is integral to our corporate strategy and 
designed to ensure a resilient portfolio. Our strategy 
is clear and consistent: operating excellence, growth, 
returns, distributions and being a high-performing 
organization. This strategy ensures a sustainable, viable 
business and creates long-term shareholder value.
Board and Managerial 
Oversight and Governance
Our governance and ethics are the foundation 
at every level and aspect of our organization. 
Rigorous, consistent corporate governance practices 
contribute positively to shareholder value.
Our board of directors and executive leadership 
team are committed to ethical business practices 
premised on our company values.
Our board regularly reviews evolving corporate 
governance best practices, changing regulatory 
requirements and feedback from shareholders and 
makes changes it believes are in the best interest of 
Phillips 66 and its shareholders.
The Nomination and Governance Committee owns 
board composition and succession planning. The 
board is committed to enhancing visible diversity and 
seeking candidates with diverse backgrounds and 
perspectives who possess the collaborative spirit, 
character, skills, experiences and expertise required 
for oversight of the execution of the company’s 
strategy, risk management and operational objectives.  
Diversity is considered broadly and can be 
represented in both visible and less-visible 
characteristics such as race, ethnicity, national origin, 
age, gender and sexual orientation. 
The public policy committee amended its name and 
is now the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee 
(PPSC). It also revised its charter to include the review 
6
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

7
Commitment to a Lower-Carbon Future 
Our Humber Refinery has been producing renewable fuels since 2018.
In fact, it was the first U.K. refinery to convert waste oil into road fuel. In 2020, we 
added to Humber’s growing renewables infrastructure with a processing unit that 
converts used cooking oil into lower-carbon intensity fuel.
The new used cooking oil (UCO) unit is expected to expand the refinery’s renewable 
fuel capacity to 5,000 barrels per day (BPD) by 2024.
The Humber Refinery is also a leader in the production of specialty coke for EV 
batteries, and participates in Gigastack, a separate, long-term project to generate 
“green hydrogen,” using electricity from offshore wind to electrolyze water. 
Hydrogen is a low-emission fuel capable of powering transportation and heavy 
industry, including multiple processes within refining. The project is in partnership 
with electrolyzer manufacturer ITM, offshore wind farm operator Ørsted and 
consultancy Element Energy. The second phase of Gigastack will involve a front-
end engineering design study on a 100 MW electrolyzer system, which would use 
electricity to split water into oxygen and hydrogen gas, feeding the latter to the 
Humber Refinery to lower the sulfur content of diesel fuel. While this project is not 
yet commercially viable, it is an opportunity to develop a new renewable hydrogen 
market where the only feedstocks are water and renewable power.
Because the refinery is in the region that generates approximately 40% of the U.K.’s 
industrial emissions, it has a significant role in the country’s commitment to net-zero 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 and the Humber Zero project. Humber Zero 
combines carbon capture and storage technology with hydrogen production to 
decarbonize the Immingham industrial cluster, reduce emissions, preserve jobs and 
support growth in the businesses that make Humber a leading industrial hub.
Humber Refinery used cooking oil (UCO) unit 
SOUTH KILLINGHOLME, UK
7

A Focus on Sustainability  
and Strategy at Rodeo 
In August 2020, we announced plans to convert 
the Rodeo Refinery into one of the world’s largest 
renewable fuel facilities. 
We currently sell renewable diesel out of a number of 
California locations, and Rodeo Renewed supports the 
growing demand for lower-carbon products and  
California’s environmental goals. 
In April 2021, the refinery completed a hydrotreater 
conversion for renewables processing, which started renewable diesel production. The 
implementation of the Rodeo Renewed project and complete facility conversion is scheduled 
for early 2024.  
The project will reconfigure the refinery to produce initially more than 800 million gallons 
per year of renewable diesel, renewable gasoline and sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) 
from used cooking oil, fats, greases and vegetable oils. The conversion is expected to 
significantly reduce criteria pollutant emissions, contributing to cleaner air in the San 
Francisco Bay Area. 
The refinery is also pursuing additional projects such as carbon capture to reduce further 
greenhouse gas emissions and solar power to run its processes. The facility’s focus on 
energy efficiency was recognized in early 2020 when it became the first crude oil refinery 
in California to earn an Environmental Protection Agency ENERGY STAR® certification for 
superior energy efficiency. 
800+ million
gallons per year  
projected production 
of renewable diesel, 
renewable gasoline and 
sustainable aviation fuel
RENEWABLE DIESEL AND ALTERNATIVE FUELS
Phillips 66 is prioritizing renewable fuel projects that 
leverage existing infrastructure. Waste fats, recycled 
cooking oils and other renewable feedstocks will be 
processed into transportation fuels. We currently 
produce renewable diesel from vegetable oil at our 
Rodeo Refinery in San Francisco and from used cooking 
oil at our Humber Refinery in the United Kingdom. 
Future plans include a complete conversion at 
Rodeo to process waste fats, recycled cooking oils 
and other renewable feedstocks, and an expansion 
at Humber to process more waste oil. 
In 2021, we announced we were securing feedstock 
for our growing portfolio of renewable fuels projects 
by investing in Shell Rock Soy Processing, a new 
soybean-processing plant in Iowa. Additionally, the 
company supports renewable diesel production in 
Nevada with Ryze Renewables. 
In California, our Richmond and Sacramento terminals 
have blended up to 20% biodiesel since 2018. In 2020, 
we added biodiesel blending to our Colton Terminal. 
Delivery of renewable diesel to our Richmond 
Terminal is part of our continued actions to meet the 
changing standards in the state.
We also intend to convert diesel at our branded sites 
in California to 76 renewable diesel. 
WEB-EXCLUSIVE
Moving Forward With Hydrogen Fuel 
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
8
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

Advancing Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel
Phillips 66 and Southwest Airlines signed a 
memorandum of understanding in 2021 to advance 
the commercialization of sustainable aviation fuel.  
SAF is a lower-carbon intensity fuel that can be produced 
from renewable feedstocks such as waste oils, fats, greases 
and vegetable oils.
Phillips 66 is a major U.S. refiner and supplier of jet fuel and 
aviation gasoline. The memorandum of understanding aims to leverage our expertise in refining, 
distribution and technical commercialization of transportation fuels and our portfolio of renewable 
energy projects with the airline’s interest in SAF.
San Francisco Refinery seasonal storage tanks
RODEO, CA
Sustainable aviation fuel is  
a drop-in fuel  — one that 
works in existing aircraft 
engines and airport fuel 
infrastructure.
SAF
9

We expect every one  
of our employees to work for 
the greater good and act with 
integrity, following our Code of 
Business Ethics and Conduct.
Ethics and Governance
Written policies and auditing 
programs create strong governance 
throughout the company and our 
supply chain. Key policies and 
governing documents, including 
board governance documents and 
charters, are publicly available on 
our website. These, and many other 
written procedures and controls, 
set the standards that guide our 
actions and ensure the highest 
levels of responsibility, integrity and 
legal compliance across our businesses.
ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT
Safety, honor and commitment are our values.  
At Phillips 66, we do not compromise our integrity. 
We recognize that questions can arise in today’s 
increasingly complex global business environment. 
Therefore, our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 
(Code of Ethics) describes our operating guidelines 
and ties our company’s values to the way we  
make decisions.
Our company policies, programs and practices 
ensure ethical business and good governance. We 
had 14,300 employees as of Dec. 31, 2020, and we 
expect every one of them to work for the greater 
good and act with integrity, following our Code 
of Ethics. It applies to all of our directors, officers 
and employees. All employees participate in annual 
training, during which they must attest that they will 
comply with the Code of Ethics. Phillips 66’s principal 
executive officer and senior financial officers adhere 
to the Code of Ethics and a supplemental Code of 
Ethics for the Principal Executive Officer and Senior 
Financial Officers. The expectations are central to our 
performance management.
The code covers topics including, but not limited to, 
human rights, conflicts of interest, discrimination, 
harassment, confidentiality, anti-bribery, anti-
boycott, employee grievances, insider trading, 
competition and fair dealing. 
It encapsulates the company’s human rights position 
and prohibits human trafficking and forced labor, 
consistent with international norms. 
We recognize and respect the dignity of all human 
beings. We believe business has a role in promoting 
respect for human rights throughout the world. 
We embrace the right of all people to live their 
lives free from social, political or economic 
discrimination or abuse. Our Position on Human  
Rights is informed by the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights. We don’t use corporal punishment, 
and where we provide housing for our employees, 
we ensure living conditions are safe and sanitary. 
BUSINESS PARTNERS, SUPPLY CHAIN AND 
SOCIAL SUPPLIER STANDARDS
In keeping with our core value of honor, we choose 
business partners objectively and fairly, and we 
act with honesty in all business dealings. Business 
partners and suppliers are expected to comply with 
contractual obligations and the expectations laid out 
in our Business Partner Principles of Conduct. These 
principles require our suppliers to work with our 
employees in a manner consistent with our values 
and our Code of Ethics. Priorities include fair wages, 
nondiscrimination, no human trafficking, anti-bribery, 
cybersecurity and meeting all health, safety and 
environmental laws.
Our procurement policy governs our supply chain 
activities. We employ a set of formal processes to 
consistently vet suppliers for safety performance 
to protect people, ensure adherence to industry 
standard frameworks for quality and monitor 
financial stability. 
We maintain ongoing partnerships with our 
suppliers to ensure the continued safety, quality 
and sustainable delivery of goods and services to 
our operations. In addition, where appropriate, we 
engage with our suppliers to sustainably enhance 
our operating performance through innovative 
products and the execution of continuous 
improvement opportunities. 
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
10
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

Understanding and monitoring the work conducted 
by our suppliers and business partners is integral 
to efficient and robust business operations, 
sustainability and respect for human rights. We 
audit suppliers’ manufacturing facilities, critical 
suppliers and contracts within our supply chain 
to ensure adherence to policy. Our suppliers are 
expected to certify that the materials incorporated 
into products manufactured for Phillips 66 comply 
with all laws, including those pertaining to human 
rights, slavery and human trafficking. By complying 
with laws where we do business, Phillips 66 supply 
chain standards meet minimum wage, child labor, 
right to associate or bargain collectively, and working 
hours requirements. 
The products manufactured in our refineries and 
developed along the supply chain significantly 
contribute to strengthening the economies in our 
communities, and we intend to maintain this position.
SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
In all our operations, Phillips 66 seeks to partner 
with diverse businesses and is committed to 
providing equal and impartial opportunities. This 
approach stimulates local economic development 
and enhances our long-term business performance 
by improving supplier responsiveness, competition 
and sustainability. We actively participate in 
organizations that support the development of 
diverse businesses in the United States. We are 
corporate members of the National Minority Supplier 
Development Council and the Women’s Business 
Enterprise National Council.
WHISTLEBLOWER PROGRAMS
Employees, suppliers and customers are empowered 
to raise questions or concerns about our operations 
and business practices without fear of retaliation. They 
are expected to report behaviors that they believe 
violate the company Code of Ethics. Various state and 
federal laws provide legal protection to certain types 
of whistleblowers. 
Additionally, Phillips 66 has a policy of non-retaliation, 
which helps foster an ethical workplace and a culture 
of integrity.
The Global Ethics Office HelpLine offers confidential 
third-party operated telephone and web-based 
options. Both are available 24 hours a day, seven 
days a week, 365 days a year and staffed by 
representatives fluent in many languages. Employees, 
contractors, suppliers and community members can 
access the HelpLine toll-free from any location around 
the world, or they can file a report online. People are 
encouraged to identify themselves, but they may 
choose to remain anonymous.
One indicator of confidence in the independence and 
integrity of our ethics program is the percentage of 
HelpLine visitors who felt comfortable identifying 
themselves. Of the 191 HelpLine reports in 2020, 60% 
were made by someone who provided their name. 
Reports are entered directly onto an independent, 
secure server and not traced. Reports are shared 
only with the specific people designated to handle 
the issue.
Our chief compliance officer leads our Global 
Compliance and Ethics Office, and all personnel in that 
office are trained on investigating potential violations. 
Phillips 66 Human Resources (HR) professionals are 
also trained to assist or conduct investigations. 
All potential violations reported through the HelpLine, 
in addition to online reports and in-person accounts 
of a possible violation of our Code of Ethics or 
other company policies, are brought to the Global 
Compliance and Ethics Office and handled through 
our reporting process. All allegations are investigated, 
and appropriate action is taken based on the findings. 
Issues involving a violation of regulation, law or the 
Code of Ethics are reported to the board of directors’ 
Audit and Finance Committee.
855-318-5390 
Global Ethics Toll-free HelpLine
View a list of our key policies and 
governing documents here.
11

Financial Performance
As part of the nation’s critical infrastructure, we maintained our operations in 2020 and did not furlough 
employees. We funded our sustaining capital programs, returned $2 billion to shareholders and reduced 
expenses wherever possible. We made it through a challenging economic landscape and safely provided 
reliable, abundant, accessible and affordable energy.
We are an essential part of feeding, clothing and caring for the world’s growing population and moving 
its commerce. In addition to transportation fuels, we make the raw materials used to create health care 
products and medical devices, including personal protective equipment (PPE), pharmaceuticals, plastics and 
rubber, adhesives and sealants, electronics, smartphones, cars, batteries, agricultural products, and the wind 
turbines and solar panels that capture alternative energy. The premium coke we make is part of the global 
supply chain for electric vehicles (EVs) and enables steel recycling. Our lubricants reduce friction to improve 
efficiency and cool the battery packs in EVs. For more details, see the Phillips 66 Value Chain.
pounds 
polypropylene 
capacity per year at  
Bayway Refinery
775 million
Global Specialties Products
The Global Specialties business underscores the value of a 
diversified portfolio and vertical integration between refining 
and petrochemical processes.
Critical in our everyday lives, polypropylene is one of the world’s most 
versatile plastics. It’s in the N95 masks protecting health care workers 
and the cars that keep people safe on the road. It even captures the fizz 
in your soda bottle and helps snacks stay fresher longer.
Phillips 66 operates a 775 million pounds/year capacity plant at the 
Bayway Refinery in Linden, New Jersey, and markets the resin under 
the COPYLENE® brand and through unbranded channels. 
Although the refinery utilization in 2020 was impaired, the refinery maximized 
polypropylene production and exceeded 2019 rates. This meant providing 
foundational material for medical supplies, food service and other essential products 
during challenging times. 
We make the resin from propylene monomer, a gas, effectively upgrading a 
byproduct of the refining process into an in-demand, higher-value polymer.
Phillips 66 is the smallest polypropylene producer by capacity in the 19-billion-
pounds-a-year U.S. market, but we are one of only two producers in the 
Northeast. This gives us a logistical advantage because the Northeast and 
Midwest house the bulk of U.S. converter demand, while much of the 
production capacity is 1,000 miles or more away in the Gulf Coast region.
Polypropylene is also highly recyclable. Industrial and consumer applications 
include automotive components, appliances, fibers for carpeting, and health 
care and hygiene, including baby diapers. 
Other Specialty products also include solvents, fuel coke, sulfur and  
premium coke.
COPYLENE® brand 
polypropylene
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
12
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

Products Derived From Crude Oil and Natural Gas Liquids (NGLs)
Components for 
Electronics
Components for 
Batteries
Components for 
Wind Turbines
Components for 
Vehicles and EVs
Pharmaceuticals Plastics and 
Rubber
Fuels
Lubricants, Adhesives 
and Sealants
Components for  
Solar Panels
Cosmetics
Health Care Products 
and Medical Devices
13
Our company further contributes to the economy 
through the taxes we pay. Since 2012, Phillips 66  
has paid more than $10.3 billion in income 
and property taxes to local, state and federal 
governments, helping fund programs for public 
schools and projects such as roads, bridges, ports 
and waterways.
In 2020, our financial performance reflected the 
challenging business environment caused by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, including asset impairments. 
We reported a loss of $4 billion, or $9.06 per share, 
generated $2.1 billion of operating cash flow and 
returned $2 billion to shareholders. In addition, we 
took significant steps to reduce costs and capital 
spending to enhance our liquidity in response to the 
market challenges.
Since 2012, we have distributed over $28 billion to 
shareholders through dividends, share repurchases 
and share exchanges, reducing our initial shares 
outstanding by 34%. We achieved these results 
through our continued commitment to safe, reliable 
and environmentally sustainable operations.
CAPITAL INVESTMENTS
Over the last five years, our capital investments 
totaled more than $14 billion. Some key projects 
underway, or recently completed, include:
• Increasing renewable fuel production capability at 
Humber and Rodeo refineries
• Completing the Gray Oak Pipeline and initiating 
crude oil export operations at the South Texas 
Gateway Terminal
• Adding a fourth dock at our Beaumont Terminal
• Completing the Sweeny Hub Phase 2 natural gas 
liquids capacity expansion
EVs charging
Fertilizers

Climate Change
Phillips 66 recognizes the need to address climate change. Access to energy is at the heart of nearly every 
major global challenge and opportunity. We are a part of balancing the need for affordable energy to 
promote human progress and economic growth while developing climate change solutions. 
The company supports global action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Our approach is to improve the 
efficiency of our diversified and resilient operations and make investments to meet the world’s evolving 
energy needs while advancing a lower-carbon future. 
PRINCIPLES FOR A CLIMATE PROGRAM 
Phillips 66 supports climate policy that:
• Is a market-based, economy-wide solution 
that is also fuel- and technology-neutral for all 
energy sources to facilitate the meaningful GHG 
emissions reductions that are most beneficial 
and least costly to society
• Balances economic, environmental  
and energy security needs
• Rationalizes overlapping policies  
or programs
• Ensures that energy producers, 
manufacturers and suppliers  
are responsible for their  
direct emissions
• Recognizes and appropriately 
accounts for early or 
voluntary actions
• Makes any regulatory cost, 
and associated climate 
benefits, transparent to  
the consumer
• Promotes fundamental 
public research at the  
pre-commercial stage  
to advance viable  
energy solutions
 
Phoenix Hope tanker at berth
SULPHUR, LA
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
14
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

POLITICAL AND PUBLIC POLICY PROCESS
Phillips 66 participates in the legislative and 
regulatory policy development and political process 
legally, responsibly and ethically to serve the best 
interests of our shareholders, workforce and other 
stakeholders. Our operations are highly regulated 
and are affected by actions at many levels of 
government. Our public policy activities include 
education and advocacy efforts at the local, state 
and federal government levels. We are committed 
to complying with all applicable state and federal 
rules on lobbying and disclosures. Our Political 
Giving and Activity Policy  governs our actions. 
The policy discloses governance by the board of 
directors and management, the criteria by which 
we consistently evaluate contributions and the 
contributions made over the past five years. The 
board’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee 
has oversight of political risks and receives updates 
throughout the year. 
PHILLIPS 66 EMPLOYEE POLITICAL  
ACTION COMMITTEE (PAC66)
In accordance with board and company policies, 
Phillips 66 does not make direct corporate 
contributions to candidates in state and 
federal elections where prohibited. 
Employees can support candidates for 
office through PAC66.
PAC66 is funded exclusively through 
voluntary contributions from eligible 
employees and members of the 
board of directors. It is registered 
with the Federal Election 
Commission, and contributions 
are reported monthly. Employees 
participating in PAC66 are not 
reimbursed, directly or indirectly, 
for political contributions  
or expenses
PAC66 has its own board of 
directors, comprised of a broad 
cross-section of company 
employees. The board approves 
all PAC66 disbursements, which 
are made solely in the company’s 
best interest and that of its 
shareholders, and not according to 
the personal agendas of individual directors, officers 
or employees. PAC66 contributes to state and 
federal political candidates who support responsible 
energy industry activities and other business issues 
of interest to the company.
TRADE ASSOCIATIONS
We participate in industry trade associations to share 
technical and standards expertise, share lessons learned 
from incident investigations, develop best practices, and 
take part in public education efforts regarding issues 
of common concern to our industry. Our participation 
in trade and industry associations is subject to 
management oversight by our Government Affairs 
team, which serves as the principal representative in 
such associations and recommends memberships to 
our executive leadership team. We regularly review 
associations and memberships to ensure they continue 
to serve business needs.
Phillips 66 pays regular membership dues to several 
trade associations, some of which use a portion 
of the dues for nondeductible state and federal 
lobbying and political expenditures. Following the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code, those trade associations 
provide us with documentation of the part of 
our annual dues that is attributable to lobbying 
expenses. We disclose these contributions in our 
Political Giving and Activity Policy. 
There are many issues that trade associations 
follow, including climate change. We use our climate 
change position and principles when evaluating a 
trade association’s position on specific legislation  
or regulation.
Participation in a trade association, including 
membership on its board, does not mean that the 
company agrees with every position taken on an 
issue and, at times, our corporate positions may differ 
from those of the association. We recognize that as 
trade association members there can be viewpoints 
that differ from ours. When this occurs, we seek to 
work with the association membership to promote 
reasonable compromise on major initiatives affecting 
our business and our stakeholders.
Additionally, we are active members in local chambers 
of commerce and civic organizations where our 
operating assets are located. A list of key organizations 
can be found in our Political Giving and Activity Policy.
15

PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Analysis
STRATEGY
As the energy sources that people rely on continue 
to evolve, Phillips 66’s strategic planning incorporates 
this shift to proactively position for the future.
Today, the world population is roughly 7.7 billion, yet 
United Nations data shows that more than 840 million 
people have little or no access to electricity. The global 
population is expected to increase to 8.5 billion people 
by 2030 (10% increase) and 9.7 billion by 2050 (26% 
increase). The U.S. Energy Information Administration 
(EIA) reference case includes global energy use 
increasing almost 50% by 2050. The rising global 
population, coupled with increases in standards of 
living, will increase pressure on Earth’s resources and 
have implications for the energy transition.
Demand for all sources of energy, including nonfossil 
fuel sources, is forecast to increase.
Yet, despite increased demand from growing global 
populations, future oil demand is mitigated by 
increased fuel efficiency and other technological 
advances. See the Total Global Liquids Intensity and 
Demand chart.
Our analysis considers a range of scenarios, including 
the International Energy Agency (IEA) Sustainable 
Development Scenario (SDS), which presents 
itself as aligned with the Paris Agreement and 
requires drivers other than market forces, and 
the International Energy Agency’s Net Zero 
by 2050 scenario. Several scenarios are used 
as we identify signposts. We then review 
the strategy in light of these scenarios and 
develop potential responses. These include 
portfolio review, capital allocation, mergers 
and acquisitions, other opportunities, 
technology commercialization, carbon 
capture and sequestration.
The range of scenarios gives us a view 
of market fundamentals, regulatory 
development and the level of uncertainty. 
The IEA Stated Policies Scenario (STEPS) 
provides a planning basis to retain sustaining 
capital and focus growth in lower-carbon 
opportunities, such as the Rodeo Renewed 
conversion, which is consistent with the range of 
scenarios. Management and the board utilize the 
scenarios as a consideration in business planning.
THE BOARD’S PUBLIC POLICY  
AND SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE
• Reviews compliance with health, safety and 
environmental (HSE) matters and impacts of 
environmental and social trends and uncertainties
• Reviews exposure to and management of 
environmental, social and political trends and risk, 
including climate risk
• Reviews and makes recommendations on the 
company’s compliance with policies, programs and 
practices regarding HSE protection, government 
relations and political contributions, philanthropy 
and sustainability matters
• Reviews the company’s global reputation as a 
corporate citizen in the communities in which  
we operate
16
GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT OF  
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES
At Phillips 66, risk management starts with our 
entire board of directors and its committees 
providing oversight of strategic planning. Our 
governance structure provides the board and 
executive leadership the necessary opportunities to 
exercise their oversight responsibilities with respect 
to risks, including those related to climate change.
The board reviews long-term energy outlooks and 
leading indicators on an annual basis. The Audit and 
Finance Committee monitors our enterprisewide risk 
management program on a more frequent basis. It 
also reviews company controls, compliance and ethics. 
The board’s Public Policy and Sustainability 
Committee considers environmental, social and 
political trends and risks to guide the company’s 
long-term business objectives.
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

17
Effects on Our Assets
The potential physical effects of climate change 
and severe weather on our operations are highly 
uncertain and depend upon the unique geographic 
and environmental factors present. We have systems in 
place to manage potential acute physical risks, including 
those that may be caused by climate change, but if any 
such events were to occur, they could have an adverse 
effect on our assets and operations. 
Examples of potential physical risks include floods, 
hurricane-force winds, wildfires, freezing temperatures 
and snowstorms, as well as rising sea levels at our 
coastal facilities. 
We have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs to 
protect our assets from physical risks and to employ 
processes to the extent available to mitigate such risks.
Many of our facilities are located near coastal 
areas. As a result, extreme weather and rising sea 
levels may disrupt our ability to operate these 
facilities or transport crude oil, refined petroleum, 
or petrochemical and plastics products. Extended 
periods of such disruption could negatively affect 
our operations. We could also incur substantial 
costs to prevent or repair damage to these facilities. 
Finally, depending on the severity and duration of 
any extreme weather events or climate conditions, 
our operations may need to be modified and material 
costs incurred, which could materially and adversely 
affect our business, financial condition and results  
of operations.
PRIMARY ENERGY DEMAND BY FUEL TYPE
 Biomass
 Wind/Solar
 Bioenergy
 Hydro
 Nuclear
 Natural Gas
 Oil*
 Coal
2010 2019 2025 2030 2040
20
18
16
14
12
10
8
6
4
2
0
(Billion Tonnes of Oil Equivalent)
GLOBAL OIL DEMAND
 IHS Markit 2.21/May 20 LT
 OPEC 2.21
 IEA STEPS 3.21
 IEA SDS 3.21
120
100
80
60
40
20
0
2000 2005 2010 2015 2020 2025 2030 2035 2040
(MMBD)
TOTAL GLOBAL LIQUIDS INTENSITY AND DEMAND
1990  2000     2010      2020            2030 2040
0.60
0.50
0.40
0.30
0.20
0.10
0
120
110
100
90
80
70
60
(MMBD)
 Total Liquids Intensity   IEA Global Oil 
Demand- SDS (RHS)
 IEA Global Oil 
Demand- STEPS (RHS)
BOE Demand/$1,000 of GDP1
Sources: IEA, World Energy Outlook, November 2020; Oxford Economics 
(1) IEA STEPS for Global Total Liquids Demand forecast
Source: IEA, World Energy Outlook 2020, November 2020
Source: IEA-World Energy Outlook-November 2020 
*Oil includes oil products, NGLs, biofuels
(LHS)

PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
FINANCIAL PLANNING AND  
SCENARIO ANALYSIS
We consider long-term energy demand scenarios in 
our corporate strategy planning. Our process uses 
various information and methods to develop a range 
of forecasts to inform our capital allocation decisions 
and enable sustainable, resilient operations. For more 
details, see Risk Management in this report. We 
consider metrics for our key strategic, physical and 
policy variables within our scenarios to help factor 
key climate policy, energy mix, energy efficiency, 
access to capital, tax, reputational, technological, 
and human capital risks and opportunities into our 
decision-making processes.
The applicability of this strategy and planning to 
lower-carbon scenarios appears in several ways. As 
a result of our scenario planning, we are investing 
in infrastructure to transport energy products and 
meet global needs. We are converting a facility to 
make lower-carbon fuels and expanding renewable 
fuels production at a second site. Our business 
model includes engine and fuel optimization, pipeline 
energy optimization, refinery efficiency optimization, 
instrumentation and controls upgrades, heat recovery 
hardware, and energy dashboards that enable 
facility operators to make real-time decisions 
that improve energy efficiency. Growth 
spending in refining is typically a 
small percentage of our  
overall capital budget.
 
CORE COMPONENTS OF  
PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT 
18
1. Mitigating physical risks  
Phillips 66 operations are affected by nature — droughts and floods,  
hurricanes and storms, heat and cold, and shifting tectonic plates. We have 
substantial systems and processes to help us identify, measure, manage and 
mitigate risks associated with each of these possibilities. 
2. Forecasting policy risks  
We are subject to changing laws, regulations and judicial opinions; community, national and global 
preferences; and contractual obligations. We have developed sophisticated, multilevel, integrated  
systems to anticipate, inform and shape, and manage and comply with these requirements and expectations. 
For clarity, we include here cybersecurity risks, recognizing cybersecurity can span policy and technology.
3. Seeking technology opportunity  
As an energy company focused on both the present and the future, we realize the value of our in-house,  
cutting-edge research and development center staffed with scientists and engineers. This differentiator enables us 
to create solutions to current and future physical or policy risk challenges. Our Energy Research & Innovation (ERI) 
team members analyze and develop technologies and evaluate feasibility, economics, scalability, key milestones 
and timing. They find ways to increase clean product yields and overall energy efficiency; make our operations 
safer, more reliable and more sustainable; reduce water risks and other environmental impacts; and manage 
changing regulations and expectations, including climate. The solutions we develop benefit our company, our 
customers and our communities. For more details, see Research in this report.
Climate Change Risks to Our Business
• Physical environmental factors, risks associated with 
weather or climate, and our efforts and ability to 
measure, report and control GHG emissions
• The impact of energy accords (regional or global) 
and related forecasts of program impacts and costs
• Financial variables, including the likely location, 
scale and duration of all tax regimes, including 
carbon taxes
• Evolving investor opinions and initiatives
• Community, cultural, political and public opinion 
factors that could influence where, when and how 
we operate and at what cost
• Demographic, scientific, technological, reputational 
and human capital matters
• Trade leakage, which can result when imported 
goods transfer trade from one jurisdiction to another
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

19
 
May impact near-term 
financial results, including 
any that may materialize 
within the current annual 
reporting cycle
May materially impact our 
financial results due to 
longer-term manifestations 
of climate-related impacts 
that may require us to 
significantly adjust our 
strategy, including those 
that may materialize over a 
two- to five-year time frame
May fundamentally impact 
the viability of our long-
term strategy and business 
model, including those that 
may materialize over a five- 
to 10-year time frame
Emissions (Regulatory and 
Market Transition Risk) 
Our industry is highly regulated, 
and we comply with the many 
local, state and federal laws that 
affect our operations, including 
air emissions. Our Health, Safety 
and Environment Management 
System (HSEMS) facilitates HSE 
performance and compliance 
with standards, procedures and 
guidelines that often exceed 
regulatory requirements and 
are consistently applied by all 
business units. 
Business Continuity  
(Physical Risk) 
The company is prepared for  
the possibility of extreme 
weather events that might 
impact our operations. 
We have developed an 
Emergency Response 
Management System and Crisis 
Management Plan based on risk 
evaluations and business impact 
analyses. Each facility has a 
written emergency response plan 
to ensure continuous availability, 
or prompt recovery, of critical 
business processes, resources 
and facility operations. 
We have made significant 
investments in environmental 
projects, including efforts to 
reduce emissions that focus on 
efficiency, resilience, adaptation 
and renewable fuels. For more 
details, see Risk Management in 
this report.
Emissions (Regulatory and 
Market Transition Risk)
Although it is not possible 
to predict how future GHG 
emissions legislation would 
impact the company’s business, 
legislation or regulation that 
emerges over the medium- to 
long-term that imposes reporting 
obligations on, or limits emissions 
of GHGs from, the company’s 
equipment and operations could 
require the company to incur 
costs to reduce GHG emissions 
associated with our operations.
Oil and Natural Gas Prices 
(Market Transition and 
Regulatory Risk)
The deployment of disruptive 
new technologies at mass 
scale within government policy 
environments that strongly 
incentivize investment and 
innovation would have long-term 
impacts on oil and natural  
gas prices.
To mitigate this risk, Phillips 66 
remains committed to ongoing 
scenario analysis, responsible 
risk management, and 
transparency about our financial 
and portfolio resilience and how 
we are preparing to adapt for 
the longer term.
To support planning and management, we break down risks into short-, medium-, and long-term. 
We assess the materiality of climate-related risks based on their likelihood of occurrence and the estimated 
magnitude of the resulting financial impact. The materiality assessment is substantially similar to that which the 
company applies to all business risks and opportunities. 
Risk Overview
SHORT-TERM RISKS MEDIUM-TERM RISKS LONG-TERM RISKS

20
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Some planning activities are highly proprietary because 
companies’ analyses can create advantages over 
competitors. However, the processes are shareable.
As we learned in 2020, it is impossible to predict the 
future. At Phillips 66, we use a detailed and disciplined 
process to identify potential risks and opportunities that 
could significantly impact our business.
Enterprise Risk Management
Our enterprise risk management program provides a 
systematic approach to identifying and understanding 
significant risks, including climate-related issues, 
changes in energy policy, and physical or operational 
risks. Our strategic planning and scenario planning 
seek to manage our businesses’ risks while evaluating 
opportunities to execute our strategy. Management 
directs, and the board oversees, the enterprise risk 
management program and processes.
Identifying Climate Risks
Experts from all areas of our business units and 
functions — including research, planning, finance, 
treasury, economics, tax, refining, midstream, marketing, 
specialties, legal, compliance, government affairs, 
community relations and Environment, Social and 
Governance — are members or supporters of our 
risk management program and processes. Our risk 
management team works to identify risks falling into 
any of the categories described above that could 
affect our overall policies and governance, strategy 
development, business units, predictions and capital 
allocation decisions, among others. 
In our program: 
• We quantify the risks based on our assessment 
of the probability of that risk and the potential 
significance of its financial, reputational or  
other impacts.
• We assess each of these risks in light of potential 
mitigating strategies or factors that may be available.
• We assign values to each mitigating factor based on 
assessments of potential timing, costs, effectiveness 
and other features.
• We include assessments of potential GHG emissions 
policies and impacts. 
Each of these risks has a corporate owner to create 
accountability within our organization. 
Our risk management team provides detailed, regular, 
timely and relevant information to our board of directors 
and executive leadership team. This information is one of 
many valuable inputs that enables our board of directors 
and its committees to oversee and guide our company. 
We test our assumptions against carbon dioxide 
(CO2) cost forecasting, energy efficiency indices and 
best practices, carbon capture technology and cost, 
and renewable fuels forecasts, alongside regulatory 
requirements. Data on our GHG emissions, legal 
requirements regulating such emissions, and the possible 
physical effects of climate change on our assets are 
incorporated into our planning, investment and risk 
management decision-making. 
We account for anticipated GHG emissions in designing 
and developing facilities and projects. We implement 
energy efficiency initiatives that also reduce GHG 
emissions. Regulatory certainty and economic viability 
are integral considerations. We test a variety of future 
scenarios that could have a material impact on the 
company and variables that may be associated with 
an incident. This system ensures we mitigate risk to 
the company and conduct regular gap analyses. It also 
enables us to position the company to benefit from 
energy efficiency, emissions reductions and other 
business and policy goals. 
At Phillips 66,  
we use a detailed and 
disciplined process to 
identify potential risks 
and opportunities that 
could significantly  
impact our business.
20
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

21
Ferndale Refinery:  
Focused on Efficiency
The Phillips 66 Ferndale Refinery in Washington state is  
a model for energy performance on the West Coast. 
The 105,000-barrel-per-day refinery on Washington’s Puget Sound has 
earned seven EPA ENERGY STAR® certifications in eight years. That’s 
the most in the West Coast region since the certification program 
began in 2006. The Energy Information Agency reports that there were 
135 U.S. oil refineries operating in 2020, and Ferndale was one of only 
eight to receive a 2020 ENERGY STAR® certification.  
Ferndale is dedicated to energy performance, with detailed oversight, 
ongoing stewardship, a comprehensive capital upgrade program, and a 
site culture that strives for continuous improvement. In addition, every 
project at the refinery is reviewed for energy efficiency improvements.
The refinery recently installed a hydrotreater to help meet stricter 
gasoline standards and provide additional energy efficiencies around 
heat recovery and reuse. These new efficiencies build on previous 
improvements, such as the significant energy efficiency boost in 2012 
when a vacuum steam generator was installed, allowing the refinery to 
recover previously wasted heat and turn it into steam energy.
Ferndale Refinery
FERNDALE, WA
21

PROCESSES FOR MANAGING CLIMATE RISKS
Efficiencies
We invest in efficiency gains to ensure long-term resilience.
Energy expenditures can account for roughly 15% 
of a refinery’s operating expenses. We capitalize on 
opportunities such as improvements in heat exchange 
or recovery, furnace controls, and steam optimization. 
Since our inception in 2012, six of our 11 U.S. refineries 
have earned U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA) ENERGY STAR® certification. In 2020, the 
Ferndale Refinery in Washington was awarded its 
seventh star in eight years. Refineries earn ENERGY 
STAR® certifications when they perform in the top 25% 
of similar facilities nationwide for energy efficiency and 
meet EPA performance levels.  
Additionally, seven of our refineries have associated 
cogeneration units. Cogeneration is the use of a 
single fuel source to produce both electricity and 
heat simultaneously. The process helps us meet our 
manufacturing needs and converts heat that would 
otherwise be lost into thermal energy to power our 
process equipment. Three cogeneration units — at Los 
Angeles and San Francisco in California and Sweeny 
in Texas — are owned by Phillips 66. Any excess power 
not used in our facilities is sold to the local utility 
market. Four other refineries — in the Texas Panhandle, 
New Jersey, Washington state and the United 
Kingdom — purchase part of their waste heat steam 
from, or electricity generated at, third-party-owned 
cogeneration units adjacent to our facilities.  
We have an active Energy Best Practices network 
of representatives from all our refineries and major 
corporate support groups, including Refining Business 
Improvement, Energy Research & Innovation and 
Information Technology. Members of the network 
meet regularly to share information about technology, 
experiences at their plants and ongoing energy 
conservation projects. 
We also achieved Leadership in Energy and 
Environmental Design (LEED) Platinum certification 
for our headquarters building in Houston, Texas.  
Access to water, maintaining its quality and using it 
efficiently are all critical elements in sustainable energy 
production. Therefore, our facilities have wastewater 
systems and oil recovery units. These units separate 
reusable water from oil streams, which reduces 
freshwater use and improves discharged water quality.
Resilience and Adaptation
We maintain and test robust business continuity planning 
and preparedness programs and other initiatives: 
• We harden assets to enhance their reliability, 
including our industry-leading pipeline river 
crossing program; heightened levees at Alliance 
Refinery in Belle Chasse, Louisiana; and the power 
substation elevation at Bayway Refinery in Linden, 
New Jersey.
• We installed a state-of-the-art power distribution 
facility at Wood River Refinery in Roxana, Illinois, 
improving facility reliability and reducing flaring 
from unplanned events. 
• Our pipeline business provides comprehensive 
community awareness, education and outreach 
programs to ensure that everyone living or working 
near lines or facilities is aware of their existence, 
adopts safe digging practices, learns the signs of a 
potential pipeline leak and knows how to respond 
quickly if a problem is suspected. 
Opportunities
In 2021, the company introduced a new organization, 
Emerging Energy, to help build a lower-carbon 
sustainable business platform for Phillips 66 by 
leveraging our existing capabilities and advancing 
investments in new energy technologies. Emerging 
Energy will focus on renewable fuels, battery value 
chain, carbon capture and hydrogen opportunities.
We currently commercialize premium coke for the 
world’s lithium-ion battery anode market using 
petroleum coke, a proprietary byproduct of our 
refining process.  
We’re increasing our supply of renewable fuels through 
ventures with other companies and evaluating our 
assets. We continue to assess new opportunities within 
our portfolios and with third parties. While doing so, we 
remain focused on operating reliability.
The company is also assessing longer-term technologies, 
including carbon capture and sequestration, lower-
carbon hydrogen production for multiple applications, 
and the development of hydrogen fueling networks.  
Research
Technology development and deployment are needed 
to provide energy today and to achieve energy 
transition goals. We enhance our business programs 
and initiatives with research to improve our operations 
and provide a science-based approach. 
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
22
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

23
Organic solar cell research 
Phillips 66 Research Center
BARTLESVILLE, OK
Phillips 66 is one of the only downstream energy 
companies with in-house research and development.  
In addition to supporting current operations,  
our research and development organization also 
supports a lower-carbon future by commercializing 
new technologies.
More than 250 scientists and engineers work at our 
440-acre Phillips 66 Research Center in Bartlesville, 
Oklahoma. They help enhance the safety and 
reliability of our operations and develop air, water 
and energy solutions, including battery technology, 
organic (carbon-based) photovoltaic solar materials 
and solid oxide fuel cells, which can be used for the 
storage or production of electricity. 
Phillips 66 has 119 active U.S. patents in the areas of 
specialty carbon, premium coke, low-carbon hydrogen, 
solid oxide fuel cells, carbon capture and sequestration, 
organic photovoltaics and biofuels, as of Jan. 31, 2021.
Battery Fuel for EVs
As the world becomes increasingly electrified, 
Phillips 66’s battery program is focused on improving 
existing lithium-ion battery materials and developing 
options around next-generation battery technologies. 
Emerging Energy will focus on renewable fuels, battery 
value chain, carbon capture and hydrogen opportunities.
We are researching alternatives that incorporate 
readily available, responsibly sourced materials and 
have the potential to extend the driving range for EVs. 
In February 2021, we launched a technical 
collaboration with battery-maker Faradion to develop 
lower-cost and higher-performing anode materials 
for sodium-ion batteries that can be used in heavy-
duty vehicles. This power-storage technology has 
an advantage because it uses materials that are 
sustainable and widely available. The collaboration 
is expected to leverage our experience developing 
specialty carbon materials and Faradion’s work as a 
leader in sodium-ion battery technology. 
Applications for this technology include mobility, 
stationary storage, backup power and energy in 
remote locations. 
We manufacture premium and anode coke used to 
make EV lithium-ion batteries. 
As a result, we are a premier market supplier for this 
key component of lithium-ion batteries, which help 
power products from EVs to millions of smartphones 
and other consumer electronics.
Organic Photovoltaics (OPVs)
OPV is a clean energy technology for electricity 
generation that will enable new solar applications. 
Our focus is on developing OPVs that will be profitable 
and commercially viable. We have collaborated with the 
Department of Energy’s National Renewable Energy 
Laboratories on OPVs.
OPV research aligns with Phillips 66’s expertise in 
plastics, materials science and analytical sciences. 
Due to its flexible and lightweight structure, OPVs will 
produce electricity in applications where traditional 
solar cells will not work, including transparent 
applications, portable objects and disposable goods. 
There are also options for improving aesthetics with 
color, flexibility and design.
Our polymer-based single-junction OPV cells do not 
contain components such as lead or cadmium. Our 
polymers have led to breakthroughs in efficiency and 
longevity that help move solar technology closer to 
widespread commercial viability.
In 2020, we expanded our solar intellectual property 
portfolio to include 12 additional patents, bringing our 
total in this field to 49. We are also working to tailor 
our proprietary ShieldPower™ OPV materials to the 
performance criteria of commercial OPV printers with 
the goal of seeing our materials used in commercial 
OPV panels.

PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Solid Oxide Fuel Cells (SOFCs)  
Phillips 66 has made significant technical progress in solid 
oxide fuel cells and holds eight U.S. patents and 22 U.S. 
pending patent applications in our SOFC intellectual property 
portfolio. In 2020, we published our patented SOFCs 
fabrication technique and research data in a technical article 
in the Journal of the American Ceramic Society. 
A field demonstration of this technology was installed at a 
Phillips 66 pipeline and has been in operation since July 2020.
Fuel cell research 
Phillips 66 Research Center
BARTLESVILLE, OK
WEB-EXCLUSIVE VIDEO
Solid Oxide Fuel Cells and the  
Phillips 66 Research Center 
SOFCs are electrochemical cells that generate 
electricity efficiently by oxidizing a fuel, such as 
natural gas, through electrochemical reactions 
rather than combustion. Each Phillips 66 fuel cell 
is less than half a millimeter thick and produces 
approximately 30 watts of electricity. Cells 
can be stacked together, and stacks can be 
bundled into modules. Phillips 66 SOFCs can 
generate electricity at high efficiencies from an 
abundant, reliable and inexpensive fuel source 
with twice the efficiency of conventional 
power plants. They can be paired with solar- 
or wind-generated power, ensuring reliable 
energy even during periods when the sun is 
not shining or the wind is not blowing. SOFCs 
produce no noise, have a 50% lower-carbon 
footprint than conventional power plants, 
have no combustion emissions and are an 
ideal technology for CO2 capture. Their quiet, 
compact, modular design makes SOFCs a 
convenient source for on-site power for homes 
and businesses, ensuring reliable energy even 
during traditional power grid outages.
In January 2021, we announced that 
Phillips 66 was awarded a $3 million grant 
from the U.S. Department of Energy to advance 
high-performance reversible solid oxide fuel cells 
(RSOFC). In collaboration with the Georgia Institute 
of Technology, we will work to demonstrate the 
commercial feasibility of a low-cost, highly efficient 
reversible solid oxide fuel cell system for hydrogen and 
electricity generation. 
24
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE

METRICS
The majority of our GHG emissions are from refining. 
Our goal is to improve our operational excellence, 
improve our energy efficiency and reduce our GHG 
emissions intensity.
We use a third-party industry manufacturing  
energy efficiency index to measure our 
progress on efficiency.  
In 2020, our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHGs 
were 25.5 million and 4.6 million tonnes 
CO2 equivalent (CO 2e), respectively. The 
scope 3 GHG emissions from the products 
we manufactured in 2020 were 313 million 
tonnes CO2e. Our refineries process a 
combined average of more than 2 million 
barrels of crude oil into clean, affordable 
everyday products. Most of our Scope 
1 GHG emissions are CO 2, which result 
from manufacturing energy products. More 
stringent regulatory standards can require more 
processing, which takes more energy. Our methane 
emissions are negligible. In years with full utilization, 
direct GHG emissions vary little on an absolute basis, 
despite more stringent regulatory standards.
TARGETS 
We intend to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 
intensity from our operations and energy products 
by 2030 by setting impactful, attainable and 
measurable targets. We plan to reduce Scope 1 
and Scope 2 emissions intensity from operations by 
30% and Scope 3 emissions intensity of our energy 
products by 15%, below 2019 levels.
FURTHERING OUR COMMITMENT 
TO THE ENERGY TRANSITION
We announced enhancements to our 
employee bonus plan, the Variable Cash 
Incentive Program (VCIP), for the 2021 
performance year.
While maintaining our focus on safety and 
operating excellence, we increased the 
weighting of our environmental metrics, 
which now include lower-carbon and GHG 
priorities, in the calculation of the annual 
incentive program payouts. 
This change helps further align and 
measure our performance, drive our 
behaviors and hold us accountable  
to our investors and stakeholders’ 
evolving expectations.
EXECUTE PLANNED AND FUTURE 
PROJECTS THAT:
• Improve energy efficiency of our 
operations and target top-third 
efficiency in our refineries by 2030
• Grow production and blending of 
renewable fuels and lower-carbon supply 
chain products such as premium coke 
and lubricants
• Produce commercial-scale low-carbon-
intensity hydrogen
• Capture carbon from our operations
• Increase renewable power sources to use 
in our operations
• Support enterprise growth and portfolio 
optimization
SCOPE 1 AND 2 MANUFACTURING-RELATED 
EMISSIONS INTENSITY
SCOPE 3 PRODUCT-RELATED EMISSIONS INTENSITY
2019 
Baseline
2019 
Baseline
2019 
Actual
2020 
Actual
2030 
Target
2030 
Target
(CO2e Metric Tons/MBOE)
(CO2e Metric Tons/MBOE)
36.7
371 374
37.2
25.7
315
Reduction from 2019
Reduction from 2019
30%
15% Learn more about our targets here.
See Footnote 8 in the Performance Data Notes
25

Clifton Ridge Marine Terminal
SULPHUR, LA
26
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Operating 
Excellence
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP

27
Our goal is for everyone who works at or visits our 
facilities to go home safely every day.

28
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Operating excellence, including personal and process safety, environmental stewardship 
and asset reliability, is critical to meeting our corporate strategy of growth, returns  
and distributions.
The reports are reviewed and signed off by each 
subsequent level of management. Ultimately, a 
complete report containing the status of risk items 
throughout the company is developed, reviewed with 
Chairman and CEO Greg Garland and summarized for 
the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee.
Safety and environmental performance are part of 
our compensation structure for executives and all 
employees. We measure ourselves against the best 
performers in our industry and target top-quartile 
performance in safety, environmental stewardship and 
effective management of unplanned downtime.
Policies and 
Management Systems
Our HSE policy defines our commitment to 
protecting our employees, contractors, customers 
and communities while achieving our goals for 
growth, returns and distributions. 
We integrate our health, occupational safety, process 
safety and environmental stewardship principles 
throughout our businesses, with a commitment 
to continuous improvement that minimizes 
our potential impact on our neighbors and the 
environment. We also consult with stakeholders on 
environmental issues.
In 2020, we achieved record safety and environmental 
performance. But we are not resting on those 
achievements.
We work 24/7/365, and although our work can be 
complex, we are determined to be the energy industry’s 
safest and most reliable company. We believe that 
a zero-process-safety-incident- and zero-injury-
workplace is achievable. Safety is not defined by the 
absence of failure but by the presence of safeguards. 
We are committed to protecting the health and safety 
of everyone at our work sites and in the communities 
where we operate. This priority is embodied in our 
investment in asset maintenance and integrity and in 
our HSE policies, programs and procedures.
WEB-EXCLUSIVE 
Turnarounds Get an Upgrade  
We proactively perform focused audits on major 
work activities such as energy isolation, startup/
shutdown activities, turnaround events, procedures 
and human performance tools. Our business units 
complete an annual report on risks, including a list 
of corrective actions to address risks identified and 
closed during the year. In addition, business unit 
managers verify compliance with company risk 
management requirements. 
PLAN DO
A SSESSA
DJUST
Policy
and
Leadership
DO
S tru c t u r e and R espo nsi b ilit y
P r ograms and Pr o c edu r e s
A s set and Opera ting In t egrit y
Emer genc y  Pr epar ednes s
A w a r enes s ,  T ra i n ing an d C o mpet e n c y
N o n - c o n f orman c e ,  Inciden t and N ear - mis s  
I n v e s tig a t i o n and C o r r e c t i v e Ac tio n C o mmun i c a tions
D ocument  C o n t r o l  and R e c o r d s
Measu r i ng an d Monit o rin g
A udi t s
ASSES S
PLAN
Risk As ses smen t
L egal R equir ements an d  
S t a n dar ds of Opera t ion
S t ra t egi c P lanni n g ,  
Goal s an d Object i v e s
R ev i ew
AD JUST
HSE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM (HSEMS) 
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP

29
The HSEMS provides the framework to reduce 
risks and improve performance while establishing 
a continuous improvement process for policy 
implementation, leadership expectations and core 
values. The HSEMS guides our entire workforce, 
including labor and management, experienced 
workers, new hires, contractors, and subcontractors. 
The HSEMS focuses on operating excellence and 
facilitates HSE performance and compliance with 
key standards, procedures and guidelines. Our rules 
apply to all of our business units and are often stricter 
than regulatory requirements. Core standards include 
reporting, metrics, crisis management, emergency 
response, due diligence, incident investigation, risk 
assessment and corporate auditing. 
Our rigorous auditing protocols enable us to assess 
our performance and progress frequently. On-site 
inspections are conducted by both third-party auditors 
and Phillips 66 internal auditors trained to recognize 
health and safety best practices. All deviations are 
investigated and corrected.  
All Phillips 66 sites have HSE controls and practices 
and HSE management and staff dedicated to 
excellence and risk mitigation. Our Senior Vice 
President of HSE and Projects has direct responsibility 
for the HSEMS and reports directly to the chief 
operating officer. HSE considerations are embedded 
into every task and business decision. 
Two principles that guide all employees and 
contractors working within our facilities are taking the 
time to work safely and having the right to speak up 
and stop work if a safety concern is identified. 
Everyone working at or visiting our sites is 
empowered, and required, to stop any work they 
believe poses a risk to themselves, the people around 
them or the environment. We train our workforce to 
“stop when unsure.” No employee or contractor will 
ever receive negative consequences for using their 
stop-work authority in good faith, even if it turns out 
that there wasn’t actually a hazard. Employees and 
contractors are rewarded through the company’s Good 
Catch program. It’s another way we hold ourselves 
accountable for everyone’s safety every day.
Safety Performance
Our safety culture, comprehensive HSE policies, 
management systems and the commitment 
of everyone who worked for us resulted in an 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
(OSHA) Total Recordable Rate (TRR) of 0.11 in 2020, 
which is a significant decrease from our industry-
leading 2019 TRR of 0.15. It is also 30 times lower than 
the 2019 U.S. manufacturing average. 
Phillips 66 won three AFPM Distinguished Safety 
Awards in 2020. The award given to our Lake Charles, 
Ponca City and Santa Maria refineries recognizes 
sites with outstanding safety performance, program 
innovation and safety leadership. 
Sources: Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2019 data; Phillips 66, 2020 data
TOTAL RECORDABLE RATE (TRR) BY INDUSTRY
TRR industry average  
(All industries including private, state and local government)
Farm 
Management 
Services
Food 
Manufacturing
Fertilizer 
Manufacturing
Petroleum 
Refineries
Phillips 66Pharmaceutical 
and Medicine 
Manufacturing
Coal Mining
7
6
5
4
3
2
1
0
0.11

PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
SAFETY MEETINGS, SUMMITS AND TRAINING
Each of our sites conducts a monthly safety 
committee meeting. Employees, managers and union 
representatives review goals and safety practices. 
They also audit results and work together to keep an 
open dialogue focused on continuous improvement. 
In addition to providing continuing education 
opportunities, these meetings enable knowledge- 
sharing from experts such as industrial hygienists, 
safety specialists and process safety representatives. 
We have more frequent meetings within our field 
staff groups and perform job safety analyses for 
each field job.
We work together to keep an open dialogue 
focused on continuous improvement. 
We periodically host large-scale company training 
summits. This is an opportunity to gather people 
from every health and safety committee in the 
company to share best practices, goals and 
performance milestones. In addition, attendees gain 
new techniques, skills and knowledge that can be 
implemented at their home facility. The summits also 
encourage union leaders and Phillips 66 management 
to maintain an open dialogue and speak with a 
unified voice about safety. 
We also hold periodic contractor safety summits with 
all our major contracting companies to set expectations 
and goals, share best practices and keep lines of 
communication open. Our last contractor safety summit 
was in 2019. We are planning the next summit soon.WEB-EXCLUSIVE  
Phillips 66 Humber Refinery Takes 
‘Major Leap’ With High-Tech Training 
Process safety meeting  
Lake Charles Refinery
WESTLAKE, LA
10 LIFE SAVING RULES
In conjunction with the HSEMS, our 
10 Life Saving Rules (LSR) program 
is fundamental to Phillips 66’s 
safety culture. All employees are 
trained on the LSR, which are clear, 
concise and apply to all routine and 
critical activities. They can enhance 
safety performance and benefit 
both individuals and communities 
by preventing injuries. 
30
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP

31
WEB-EXCLUSIVE 
Phillips 66 Takes Drone  
Technology to New Heights
AUDITS AND INSPECTIONS
Our facilities are subject to rigorous internal and 
external audits and government inspections, and 
our operations are managed to ensure continued 
asset integrity. HSE performance is verified through 
robust assurance processes that involve corporate 
staff and business unit employees. Each business unit 
establishes and maintains auditing processes to assess 
the adequacy and effectiveness of HSE controls and 
compliance with legal requirements and standards of 
operation. Joint ventures, partnerships and contractors 
are all included in the auditing process. 
There are hundreds of audits conducted each year 
across our assets. These include site inspections, 
corporate HSE audits at least once every three 
years, refinery operating excellence audits, trade 
association assessments and third-party safety 
audits. Audits are documented and include a process 
for communicating results to management and 
provisions for periodic review and corrective actions.
We are also involved in numerous industry 
improvement and standard-setting committees of 
the American Petroleum Institute (API), American 
Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) and the 
Association of Oil Pipe Lines (AOPL). Our facilities 
follow industry-leading quality management systems, 
and many are certified to international standards. 
These efforts have made our sector, and specifically 
Phillips 66, a safety leader across U.S. industries. 
Through our occupational health and industrial 
hygiene program, we evaluate our workplaces for 
health hazards to ensure that we protect everyone 
at our facilities. Employees and contractors report 
both actual incidents and near misses that have 
or could have resulted in injury, property damage 
or environmental impact. We learn from these 
situations, identifying and removing the root causes 
to reduce the risk of recurrence.
Asset Integrity
Ensuring the integrity of our assets is a crucial 
HSEMS component. To minimize asset integrity risks 
associated with operations and equipment failure, 
business units develop programs and procedures to 
ensure proper asset design, fabrication, installation, 
operation and maintenance. Asset integrity programs 
include quality assurance/quality control, defined 
inspection, and maintenance intervals for process 
equipment and meeting required company standards. 
These high-tech integrity programs and processes 
are designed to prevent unintentional product 
release and protect everyone at our facilities and 
surrounding communities. Many of our company’s 
process safety and environmental standards exceed 
industry requirements, promoting our goal of an 
incident-free workplace.
ELECTRONIC WORK PERMITTING
In 2020, Phillips 66 completed the implementation 
of a new Electronic Work Permitting (EWP) process 
across all refineries and a Midstream asset. 
Work permitting is one of the most integral 
components of maintaining safety and operational 
excellence. Our Refining organization alone issues 
over 750,000 permits annually, and they must be 
right every time. EWP is a standardized digital system 
with universal permit requirements, terminology and 
approval processes across the company. The fully 
electronic system allows refineries to more efficiently 
and safely complete routine and major maintenance 
projects, such as turnarounds, while keeping human 
safety as the top priority.
It enables scope identification, proper communication 
and hazard assessment to ensure safe project execution. 
The system brings consistency, reduces reliance on 
personal knowledge, improves hazard recognition and 
increases the overall safety of the permitted work. It 
includes a leading-edge Hazard Identification and Risk 
Assessment tool with artificial intelligence technologies 
to improve safety planning.
Drone pilot 
Bayway Refinery
LINDEN, NJ

PIPELINE INTEGRITY
Liquids pipelines move crude oil to our refineries and 
move products such as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel 
to market. Our approach to pipeline safety is rooted 
in preventing product releases, maintenance and 
emergency preparedness. Elements of these programs 
include exacting design and construction standards, 
comprehensive pipeline maintenance, 24/7 remote 
line monitoring, leak detection, community education 
programs, and strong relationships with emergency 
response teams across our asset footprint.
We take environmental considerations into account 
during the planning for all pipeline projects and work 
to identify community needs and wants.
We seek existing pipeline corridors where feasible  
to minimize the impact on the environment, local 
communities, wildlife and cultural resources. We use 
advanced construction techniques to reduce or avoid 
impact on natural habitats and waterways. 
Starting at the planning stage, we work to ensure a 
project complies with all applicable regulations and 
laws, including the Clean Water Act, Endangered 
Species Act, National Historic Preservation 
Act and others. To make this happen, 
we coordinate and engage with many 
agencies, such as the U.S. Army Corps of 
Engineers, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, 
and local and state regulators.
We also collaborate with environmental 
conservation and biodiversity groups and 
Native American tribes to identify any 
archaeological sites or sites of significance 
along the route.  
We support education and emergency response 
efforts along a pipeline’s planned route. For example, 
we’ve invested in STEAM (science, technology, 
engineering, arts and math) education and school 
district support and donated equipment to 
emergency response teams. 
Existing pipeline rights-of-way are visually inspected 
biweekly, and in some areas, we also inspect via weekly 
aerial pipeline patrols. The aerial patrols look for 
potential signs of leaks and any other pipeline integrity 
threats such as unauthorized digging or exposures. We 
are recognized for our efforts to go beyond regulatory 
requirements. We have implemented the best 
available leak detection technology, real-time transient 
modeling, on all our operated pipelines. 
Our Pipeline Control Center staff in Bartlesville, 
Oklahoma, continuously monitors each 
pipeline’s operations and pressure. At the first 
sign of a pressure change, which could indicate 
a leak, an employee will shut down the pipeline 
as a precautionary measure until the matter is 
understood and resolved. Our proactive approach in 
this area continues to draw positive attention from 
the government and other partners.
We also have an industry-leading maintenance program  
that uses smart pipeline inspection gauges, or “pigs.” 
Using pigs enables us to inspect and assess the 
interior of our pipelines and identify maintenance 
needs from the inside before any leak can occur.
When we build or repair pipelines, we use various 
state-of-the-art techniques to ensure asset integrity, 
such as horizontal directional drilling (HDD) 
technology, which allows us to bury pipelines deep 
underneath riverbeds, preventing pipeline exposures. 
Phillips 66 has spent approximately $130 million to 
enhance resilience at river crossings.
Pipeline Safety by the Numbers
We manage more than 22,000 miles of pipeline 
systems and directly operate about 12,800 of those 
miles, making Phillips 66 one of the largest pipeline 
operators in the United States by barrel-miles.   
Over the past five years, pipeline operators have 
reduced the number of liquids pipeline incidents 
impacting people or the environment by 38%, 
even as pipeline miles and barrels delivered have 
increased. Pipelines remain one of the safest ways to 
provide the energy we use every day, delivering their 
products safely 99.999% of the time.  
More than 1 billion barrels of product were delivered 
through our operated pipelines in 2020. That’s about 
3 million barrels each day.
All Phillips 66 operated  
pipelines are monitored using a 
leak detection technology with 
real-time transient modeling.
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
32
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP

Pipelines: Leading the Way
In 2020, the company commenced full operations on its 
largest pipeline project ever while also earning several  
of our industry’s top safety honors. 
In 2020, the Gray Oak Pipeline became fully operational, moving 
product from West Texas to Texas Gulf Coast destinations. It enables 
reliable, safe access to product, spurring production in major shale 
plays and bringing growth to the Texas energy industry and the overall 
U.S. economy.
Gray Oak is a state-of-the-art logistics system anchored by an 845-mile, 
900,000 BPD pipeline stretching from the Permian Basin in West Texas 
to the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas and on to the Gulf Coast. Phillips 66 is the pipeline’s builder 
and operator. Phillips 66 Partners, the master limited partnership formed by Phillips 66, has a 42.25% 
effective ownership interest in the pipeline. 
Gray Oak’s safe commencement was just part of the larger company picture. Our overall record-
setting pipeline safety performance in 2020 earned two of the industry’s top honors.
Our pipeline entity that owns and operates most lines achieved zero employee recordable 
injuries, zero pipeline system release events and zero significant vehicle accidents in 2020. This 
performance helped earn it two industry awards — the American Petroleum Institute’s Distinguished 
Pipeline Safety Award and the GPA Midstream Perfect Safety Award. API cited the company’s 
use of a comprehensive risk modeling and HSE management system as key to the record-setting 
performance. It also said Phillips 66’s cutting-edge research and development has the potential to 
improve pipeline safety for the entire industry.
The company earned a third accolade, the GPA Midstream 2020 Company Safety Award, which 
recognizes companies for outstanding safety performance in the midstream industry.
 
BPD capacity
900,000
miles long
845
Gray Oak Pipeline
Taft storage facility at Gray Oak Pipeline
TAFT, TX
33

Process Safety
Process safety is about preventing the loss of 
containment of hazardous materials to avoid harming 
people and the environment. We recognize the 
need to be proactive and continuously improve. 
Accordingly, we have identified these focus areas:
• Leveraging process hazard assessment best 
practices across the company, with added 
emphasis on safeguards to prevent the highest 
consequence events
• Reducing the number of events caused by 
imprecise execution of tasks
• Improving our learning efficiency and effectiveness
Our active participation in trade associations 
and benchmarking groups also helps us identify 
opportunities for our business while advancing overall 
industry performance.
Process Safety Events
Process safety events (PSE) are unplanned or 
uncontrolled releases of hazardous material. We 
closely monitor and measure our performance in this 
area. Phillips 66 works to eliminate PSE by applying 
best practices in design, engineering, operations and 
maintenance. We also perform hazard analyses and 
use change-management procedures to mitigate risk.
We routinely audit our safety, mechanical integrity, 
operating and maintenance programs. We investigate 
serious incidents and near misses to develop 
corrective actions and capture learnings. We create 
and improve our procedures to ensure employees and 
contractors are aware of hazards and how to address 
and mitigate them.
Tier 1 and 2 PSE are defined by the American 
Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 754 
(RP-754). Tier 1 PSE are the most significant type of 
unplanned or uncontrolled release of material from 
primary containment. Tier 2 events have a lesser 
consequence than Tier 1 events, yet they are still 
important. All Tier 1 and Tier 2 events are investigated 
to determine the underlying causes so we can act to 
prevent recurrences. Our goal is zero PSE.
In 2020, our Refining business unit had zero energy 
isolation-related Tier 1 PSE, and its overall Tier 1 
process safety event rate of 0.02 led our industry. Our 
2020 companywide PSE Tier 1 and Tier 2 rates were 
better than the refining industry average rate. 
EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS
We are prepared to respond to emergencies 
and work with local, state and federal agencies. 
Our Emergency Response Management System 
provides a model for building and maintaining crisis 
management and emergency response plans.
Each facility has a written emergency response plan 
that includes a process for identifying potential 
emergencies and planning for mitigation and control. 
Employees are trained for their responsibilities 
and assignments under each scenario. Drills are 
conducted frequently and critiqued so plans can be 
adjusted as needed. Emergency response plans and 
documents are thoroughly reviewed each year. At 
the corporate level, the company maintains a Crisis 
Management Plan with personnel in place to provide 
useful and prompt support to supplement actions 
taken in response to an emergency. The company 
also utilizes Regional Response Teams to support 
businesses during significant emergencies.
In our annual emergency response drills, we use 
realistic scenarios to ensure that our Emergency 
Response Organization and the communities around 
our facilities are prepared to respond to emergencies. 
Participation by local and corporate leaders ensures 
high standards for training and competence for our 
on-site first responders.
Our teams of first responders protect people’s lives 
and secure the area in an emergency. We invest in 
training, sending emergency responders to premier 
institutions such as the Fire Service Institute at the 
University of Illinois and the Emergency Services 
Training Institute at Texas A&M University.
In 2020, our Refining 
business unit’s overall 
Tier 1 PSE rate of 0.02  
led the industry.
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
34
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP

35
We extend this specialized training beyond our 
first responders, covering the costs for firefighters 
based near our refineries so they can train alongside 
our teams. This partnership better serves the 
communities where we operate. In 2020, we also 
trained more than 200 Midstream employees in 
emergency response. Combined, they completed 
more than 4,800 courses that bolster their 
competency as our first-line emergency responders.
COVID-19 RESPONSE PLANS
In 2020, we put our years of drills, exercises 
and plans into action. We successfully 
implemented our layers of protection in the 
workplace, which helped prevent workplace 
transmission. We kept our employees 
and contractors safe and 
healthy while they 
continued to work at 
our facilities, which 
are part of the 
nation’s critical 
infrastructure.
Incident Response Team and coordinate as a Unified 
Command with government agencies with authority 
and jurisdiction over our emergency response efforts. 
Each of our business units also completes multiple 
notification accountability drills for emergencies and 
one tabletop exercise every year. 
In addition, we hold dozens of exercises for other 
scenarios, including the following: 
• Process safety management
• Risk management fire or vapor cloud scenarios
• At least two annual supervisory control and data 
acquisition (SCADA) failure exercises  
• Responses to real-world events
• Government-initiated unannounced exercises
• Earthquake responses
• Hurricane exercises
• Continuity of business or pandemic exercises  
If there’s ever an interruption of operations, we have 
written business continuity plans to resume quickly 
manufacturing and transporting energy products to 
markets worldwide. These plans were used effectively 
during the 2020 hurricane season. 
COVID-19 LAYERS OF PROTECTION
Common 
Surface 
Disinfection
Temperature 
Screening
Health and 
Hygiene
Protect 
Vulnerable 
Population
Health 
Assessments 
(3 Questions)
DON’T COME 
TO WORK SICK
Social 
Distancing 
and Barriers
Contact 
Tracing
WEB-EXCLUSIVE 
Phillips 66 Puts $400,000 Toward 
the Safe Return of Houston Students
In 2020, we found innovative and virtual ways to 
conduct more than 290 exercises and emergency 
response drills based on real-life scenarios across our 
Midstream and Lubricants operations. These included 
over 200 qualified individual/incident commander 
notification drills, more than 35 equipment 
deployment exercises and over 50 “tabletop” 
exercises to discuss simulated emergencies. We 
trained more than 350 employees on the Incident 
Management System, which the company has 
committed to using for crisis event management. 
Using Microsoft Teams, we continue to ensure 
our first responders are prepared to serve as an 
Layers of protection at headquarters
HOUSTON, TX

Certifications
OSHA’S VOLUNTARY PROTECTION PROGRAM
Across our refining, midstream and lubricants assets, 
32 facilities have achieved OSHA Voluntary Protection 
Program (VPP) STAR recognition.
ISO CERTIFICATIONS
Our facilities follow quality management systems,  
and many are certified to International Organization 
for Standardization (ISO) measures. 
Our Lubricants business conforms to the ISO 
14001:2004 Environmental Management System. Five 
of our lubricants facilities have certification to ISO 
14001 and the ISO 9001:2015/IATF16949:2016 Quality 
Management System Standard. Lubricants Research 
and Development is accredited to the ISO/IEC 17025 
standard for testing and calibration laboratories.
Bayway Refinery’s polypropylene business in Linden, 
New Jersey, is certified to ISO 9001:2015 for the design 
and manufacturing of pellets. We have numerous 
practices for containing pellets and mitigating loss. 
Pellets are piped on-site to a storage silo, creating a 
closed system. From there, product is blended and 
fed into rail cars for transportation to customers. We 
inspect rail cars for operable and closed caps and 
valves. Environmental performance includes collecting 
scrap and vacuuming sumps to recycle pellets, 
preventing plastic pellets from getting off the property. 
We are prepared with booms and vacuum trucks 
should a spill occur. Our Bayway facility management 
and employees are committed to Operation Clean 
Sweep and support the goal of zero pellet loss. We 
have also implemented a rail car return policy intended 
to eliminate the possibility of pellets entering the 
environment due to unsealed or improperly sealed rail 
cars returning from our customers.
Wood River Refinery’s odorless mineral spirits and 
benzene business lines in Roxana, Illinois, conform to 
ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management System Standards. 
In the United Kingdom, the Humber Refinery is 
working to transition to the new ISO 14001 standard 
and is certified to the 2015 version.
THIRD-PARTY RECOGNITIONS BY LOCATION
AFPM Safety Awards
API Pipeline Safety Award
ENERGY STAR®
GPA Midstream Safety Awards
Headquarters/Corporate Offices
ISO
Pipeline
Refinery
Research Center
Storage Terminal or Lubricants Facility
VPP
View the Phillips 66 and Phillips 66 Partners 
global asset map here. 
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
36
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP

Bayway Refinery
LINDEN, NJ
Wood River Refinery
ROXANA, IL
Thirty-two facilities have achieved OSHA Voluntary 
Protection Program (VPP) STAR recognition.
37

38
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Environmental 
Stewardship
Ferndale Refinery
FERNDALE, WA
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY

39
We proactively work to protect the  
environment and minimize our impact.

Operating excellence leads to strong environmental performance. 
Our industry is highly regulated, and Phillips 66 complies with the many local, state and federal regulations that 
affect our operations, including air emissions, water effluent and solid waste-handling. We strive to eliminate 
environmental events that result in exceedances of permit or regulatory limits and work to prevent significant 
releases of hydrocarbons or chemicals.
Compliance with our HSEMS helps ensure our operations minimize their impact on the environment. For more 
details, see Operating Excellence in this report. The HSEMS creates environmental awareness internally and 
is the framework for consistently implementing and maintaining an environmental management system and 
monitoring our environmental performance. 
MAKING INVESTMENTS TO 
IMPROVE PERFORMANCE
Between 2016 and 2020, we invested more 
than $5 billion in environmental protection 
projects and sustaining capital. In 2020, we 
invested more than $900 million in safety, 
environmental and reliability projects. Of 
that total, we spent approximately $500 
million for refining reliability, safety and 
environmental projects.
These investments improve our operating 
standards and procedures, business 
assurance programs and companywide 
asset maintenance. We use energy and 
resources efficiently, invest in research and 
development, and support habitat and 
conservation programs. Our investments in 
technology improve our assets, products 
and processes so they’re more efficient and 
capitalize on emerging opportunities as  
the energy market transforms.
Environmental Responsibility and Excellence
We have an efficient operating model that helps us drive consistent performance and achieve excellent financial 
results while also stewarding environmental improvements and standardizing compliance practices as needed.
Our business units have internally audited multiyear plans for environmental improvement. Our business unit 
operations are dynamic, and our “Plan-Do-Assess-Adjust” approach allows our HSEMS to be proactive and 
drive environmental progress.
Our Environmental Steering Teams drive site-level improvement, track and review key metrics, and develop local 
improvement plans. Those plans are shared with corporate leadership to share best practices. Leadership directs 
efforts to reduce environmental events and increase work practice consistency. 
Additionally, peer reviews of air permits, along with active 
environmental networks, allow subject-matter experts in areas 
such as air monitoring, leak detection, waste management and 
water treatment to work across functions. They share best 
practices and lessons learned to define “what good looks 
like” and drive sustainable improvement. Business units 
are also adopting this method.
Borger Refinery
BORGER, TX
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
40
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY

AIR EMISSIONS
We have made significant investments to reduce air 
emissions. Since 2012, air emissions, including volatile 
organic compounds (VOCs), from our Refining 
business unit have decreased by 34.5%. The air 
research and development program at the Phillips 66 
Research Center collaborates with government 
agencies, trade organizations and academic 
institutions to provide data that leads to effective 
rule-making to improve air quality in the communities 
where we operate.
Machine Health Monitoring
A new approach to machine health has enabled Refining and 
Midstream to use artificial intelligence and machine learning 
to identify and correct problems earlier, reducing costs and 
increasing uptime.
In addition to leveraging predictive maintenance to reduce 
failures, Midstream has also used the system to optimize 
pipeline operation, delivering additional barrels more 
efficiently and economically.
In all, these machine-learning technologies 
saved the company almost $8 million in 2020. 
Traditional data analysis is time-intensive, 
and it can’t solve the problems of 
unexpected breakdowns. The new 
low-touch machine learning approach 
eliminates much of the manual effort 
involved in data preparation. We use 
machine health monitoring on major 
rotating equipment and large compressors 
at our sites, enabling early detection of 
mechanical issues before breakdown. 
We are finding this use of artificial intelligence 
to be 80% accurate and gives us a 30-day  
lead time. 
Decades of design and operations data can also 
be used to perform prescriptive maintenance and 
optimize asset performance. Historical data can reveal 
subtle patterns humans can’t see weeks or months before 
problems are detected with traditional methods. The system then 
generates automated responses to events that are starting to cause 
undesirable performance with equipment. 
HYDROCARBON SPILLS
We are improving the integrity testing of pipelines 
and using data analytics to reduce seam cracks. We 
apply our technical resources and know-how through 
joint studies with the Pipeline Research Council 
International and OneBridge Solutions, Inc.
In 2020, we were able to recover 100% of the diesel 
released into a containment dike in our largest-
volume hydrocarbon spill of the year. The spill, which 
accounted for 61% of our hydrocarbon spill volume 
for 2020, was a result of corrosion on the floor of one 
of our tanks.
Control room
FERNDALE, WA
41

WATER MANAGEMENT AND USE
Water is an essential resource in our manufacturing 
facilities and processes. All our refining assets have 
on-site water treatment systems, and many of them 
use available brackish, saltwater or non-freshwater, or 
have industrial reuse processes.
Phillips 66 researches and develops best practices for 
water use to ensure we will have sufficient, sustainable 
water resources well into the future. We also evaluate 
new technologies and products to decrease our water 
footprint and recycle more water, and we partner 
with research institutions to solve water challenges. 
For example, we are collaborating with the University 
of Texas at Austin to investigate new membrane 
technologies that will allow refineries to separate oil and 
water more efficiently, improving our ability to recycle 
the oil and water and reduce waste.  
In 2020, we completed a survey of water use, including 
clean steam condensate from steam generation. Our 
focus on water use supports our commitment to 
reducing freshwater withdrawals by our facilities. Our 
refineries recycled more than 190 million barrels of 
clean water as steam condensate in 2020 instead of 
withdrawing water from outside sources to generate 
steam, which we use in our process.
We have developed leading key performance 
indicators (KPIs) as part of our water use efficiency 
program for our facilities. Among these water 
recycling and reuse KPIs are:
• Condensate returned to steam produced 
• Condensate recovered vs. consumed in the process
In North America and the United Kingdom,  
we operate 12 biological treatment plants and  
15 pre-treatment facilities. 
To meet and exceed the strict requirements of 
the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination 
System (NPDES), or industrial pre-
treatment permits, we have created 
improved procedures for what 
good looks like. It sets higher 
environmental performance 
standards, minimizes plant  
upsets, and reduces chemical 
use and waste generation.
Our JET stations across  
Europe have upgraded car  
wash facilities to protect  
the environment. 
We’ve upgraded eight existing stations and added a new 
one. We use biodegradable washing chemicals and a 
smart drying system that reduces energy consumption.
Closed Circuit Reverse Osmosis
In 2020, we evaluated a novel water technology called 
closed-circuit reverse osmosis (CCRO) as a step-change 
from the conventional reverse osmosis (RO) technology 
currently operated in most Phillips 66 refineries. In the 
industrial world, CCRO is known for its ability to recover 
significantly more clean water than conventional RO, 
potentially reducing the wasted water stream by up to 
75%. The CCRO works like a cooling tower that cycles 
water until it reaches a set salt content, at which point it 
blows down the brine while continuing to generate clean 
water. Three Phillips 66 facilities are now considering 
implementation of CCRO, including our refinery in 
drought-prone Borger, Texas, where the technology 
could reduce reliance on freshwater and shrink the water 
footprint by treating and recycling wastewater.
We regularly engage with wastewater trade 
associations like the Water Environment Federation 
(WEF) and the Industrial Wastewater Committee 
(IWWC) to work with our peers to develop and share 
best practices. Our wastewater experts volunteer 
their time to peer-review articles published in 
Environmental Engineering Science. This journal 
covers climate change, energy and environment, 
contaminant fate and transport, environmental 
sensors, and green technologies.
42
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Upgraded car wash at JET branded marketing site
UNTERPLEICHFELD, GERMANY
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY

43
Bioreactor Bugs That  
Clean Water
Recently our Humber Refinery in the United 
Kingdom collaborated with our researchers in 
Bartlesville, Oklahoma, on an innovative solution 
that actively removes nitrogen from wastewater in 
the form of nitrates. 
Processing crude oil requires water, which needs cleaning 
before discharge. If nitrates aren’t removed, they can cause excess algae growth in rivers and streams. 
The cross-functional team discovered that certain organisms would consume nitrates in a low-oxygen 
environment. When the bugs are exposed to anoxic conditions, they break down nitrates into nitrogen 
gas, dissipating them safely into the atmosphere. 
Following lab testing, the theory was put into action and field-tested on-site at one of our two 
bioreactors in Humber. The bugs were able to remove more than 80% of the nitrogen. Since then, we 
have optimized the cyclic oxygen system parameters to take the project from a successful test to a 
reliable and efficient mode of permanent operation. 
Using this new technology, Humber has decreased its total nitrogen output by more than half, and 
improvements are ongoing. This allows Humber to meet environmental requirements and realize 
additional utility cost savings on oxygen and fresh caustic usage. 
The knowledge and experience gained operating and implementing this technology has also been 
shared across the Phillips 66 Water Network, an internal team of employees dedicated to sharing 
water management best practices.
of nitrogen removed from 
wastewater in form of nitrates
>80%
Tetney Tank Farm
NORTH LINCOLNSHIRE, UK

PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
WASTE MANAGEMENT AND RECYCLING
Across all our operations in 2020, we recycled 
124,000 tonnes of materials, which leads to over  
1 million tonnes recycled since 2014 companywide. 
In the realm of information technology and 
electronics, we reduced 20% of power use at 
company-operated data centers and recycled more 
than 171,000 pounds of electronic-waste.
We track every raw material used in our 
manufacturing process at all of our lubricants plants. 
In 2020, we recycled 999 tonnes of scrap material, 
including cardboard, bottles, cans, pallets and shrink 
wrap across our lubricants portfolio.
At our refineries, tanks must be cleaned periodically, 
and we must dispose of the residual product in 
compliance with strict environmental laws.
Phillips 66 has a systematic hazardous waste 
program with processes and practices executed 
by trained personnel. Each of our operating sites 
has environmental professionals whose expertise is 
supplemented by corporate staff. When possible, we 
safely send the materials to another facility for reuse 
as a fuel source. However, for some materials, the best 
option is incineration.
One reuse example is cement manufacturing, which 
requires mixing limestone with clay or shale and then 
heating it to 2,700°F. Recycled waste from refinery 
tank cleanings can be used to fire the cement kilns, 
keeping it out of landfills. Through recycling at kilns, 
in 2020, more than 28 million pounds of waste from 
our sites in California, Illinois, Oklahoma, Texas and 
New Jersey were used as an alternative fuel source.
Beaumont Dock 4
NEDERLAND, TX
44
tonnes of materials recycled
124,000
reduction in power use at data centers
20%
pounds e-waste recycled
171,000
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY

45
Going Further With 
Remediation 
One of the ways we demonstrate our core values is 
through our Remediation Management team, whose  
work sometimes begins with an undesirable event —  
a release — yet end positively. 
The Remediation Management team learns the local geology, 
hydrology and species to design corrective action specific to the area. Strategies can range from 
purchasing land to excavating hydrocarbon-impacted soil to removing impacted groundwater. Prior 
to construction, our Remediation Management team will work with local community stakeholders 
to design and implement a remediation plan. The team also implements environmental protection 
measures that are maintained and augmented throughout construction and restoration activities.
Often going beyond what is required, we collaborate with local, state and federal government agencies 
to design a plan to replant native trees and plants that create and support a riparian woodland habitat. 
This effort can increase the use of the project site by reptiles, amphibians and birds.  
Throughout this sustainability report, we detail company HSE policies, systems and numerous 
programs that promote operating excellence and asset integrity. 
Phillips 66 has donated property to local park districts to manage wetland and riparian woodland 
habitats in a manner suitable for the long-term sustainability and diversity of desirable native plants and 
animal populations. Additionally, we have created temporary drainage swales and seasonal wetlands 
that increase habitat for native species. Finally, as part of our culture of continuous improvement, the 
team will bring learnings from the project to groups within the company to prevent future incidents.
Our goal is zero accidents  
or incidents but if one occurs, 
we can be counted on to do 
the right thing. 
REMEDIATED WATER 
RECYCLING ESTIMATES
Our Remediation Management team is 
responsible for cleaning up water that may 
have been contaminated. In 2020, the team 
cleaned up impacted water and recycled 
about 43 million barrels of water for reuse 
at over half of our facilities. Reuses included 
temperature control of cooling towers, 
emergency response application and outfalls. 
Fulvous Whistling Duck
BOLIVAR FLATS, TX

BIODIVERSITY AND CONSERVATION
Our environmental and sustainability strategy 
includes enhancing conservation and managing 
biodiversity risks. 
WEB-EXCLUSIVE 
Turtles Get a Lifesaving Cruise  
to Warmer Waters 
Phillips 66 mitigates impacts on biodiversity through 
planning processes. We address biodiversity 
conservation during the planning and development of 
major capital projects by conducting environmental 
impact analyses, collecting critical environmental 
data, and implementing mitigation and monitoring 
programs to reduce impacts and ensure results.
The company also promotes biodiversity and 
conservation in the communities where we 
operate and market our products, partnering 
with these communities to address issues that 
are important to them. We also collaborate 
with local environmental and conservation 
organizations and national partners to promote 
biodiversity and environmental stewardship.
We have long-standing partnerships with 
many national conservation organizations, 
including the National Fish and Wildlife 
Foundation (NFWF), Ducks Unlimited and the 
Wildlife Habitat Council. We support their efforts 
in many ways. We donate money and resources, and 
our employees and interns volunteer their time and 
make monetary contributions, many of which are 
matched by the company. 
Phillips 66 celebrated 25 years of sponsoring the 
San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge in Texas, 
and our 2017 donation to the Gulf Coast Initiative 
continues to help preserve the Texas and Louisiana 
coasts and wetlands.
For more details on environmental data, 
see Performance Data in this report.
WEB-EXCLUSIVE 
Wetlands and Wildlife:  
Our Conservation Efforts in Action 
Brazoria National Wildlife Refuge
Near FREEPORT, TX
Green sea turtle  
on the beach
46
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY

Protecting Endangered Fish  
in the Brazos River 
The future of two endangered species of minnows  
native to Texas is brighter.
Phillips 66 decommissioned and removed a pipeline and its protective 
concrete matting located in the Brazos River near Wichita Falls, Texas.
Over the past two years, our Midstream business worked with 
environmental agencies to restore the natural river flow and protect 
the native Sharpnose and Smalleye shiners, which were listed under the 
Endangered Species Act in 2014 due to significant population declines.
The team decommissioned and then removed a portion of the company’s 
North Texas Crude Pipeline System and recontoured the riverbed and 
planted native seeds to maintain the area’s natural landscape.
This collaborative effort has helped the two endangered shiners and has 
improved the overall ecosystem health in the Brazos River, according to 
the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, which was a partner in the project. 
Other partners included local and county officials, the U.S. Army Corps 
of Engineers, and the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department.
Midstream’s river crossing program facilitates mitigation of further 
impact on fish habitats by replacing conventional pipeline water 
crossings with directional-boring or horizontal directional-drilling. 
This method prevents any river flow disturbance.
47
47

48
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Social 
Responsibility
Trees for Houston volunteer event
HOUSTON, TX
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA

49
Our values of safety, honor and commitment mean 
we work together to support each other  
and strengthen our communities.

PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Our people are bonded by our vision of providing energy and improving lives and our  
core values of safety, honor and commitment. These principles guide who we are and  
what we stand for.
Phillips 66 Culture
OUR ENERGY IN ACTION
Our Energy in Action (OEIA) is the company’s shared set of behavioral expectations. It defines how we treat each 
other, our customers and our communities. Every Phillips 66 employee is expected to live the principles of OEIA 
as an intentional way to focus on our culture and continuously challenge ourselves to become better. The four 
actions in the OEIA framework are: 
• Work for the greater good 
• Create an environment of trust 
• Seek different perspectives 
• Achieve excellence 
At Phillips 66, what we do is equally important as how we do it. Each employee’s performance is assessed by 
quality outcomes and living OEIA daily. These behavioral expectations preserve what makes us great while 
challenging us to improve for the future. 
Ferndale Refinery
FERNDALE, WA
50
Learn more about our workforce in the 
Human Capital Management Report .
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA

51
Inclusion and Diversity
A diverse workforce and an environment of inclusion 
expand our ability to collaborate, innovate and 
differentiate performance. Inclusion and diversity are 
critical to driving a high-performing organization. 
At Phillips 66, we lead with inclusion because in 
its absence diversity cannot thrive. We promote 
environments free of biases where all employees feel 
valued, respected and supported. 
We view diversity as the visible and less-visible 
differences that shape social identity and drive 
behaviors — from differences in gender, race, ethnicity, 
age, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, 
education and religion. Seeking different perspectives 
from people with various backgrounds and cultures 
propels the organization forward and enables us to 
reach our full potential.
Inclusion and diversity at Phillips 66 are anchored in: 
• Leader-driven efforts across the organization 
• Employees who are each responsible for creating 
an inclusive culture 
• Benefits for every employee, regardless of the 
dimension of diversity 
• Policies, procedures and programs
 A Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality
We earned a perfect score for 2020 from the Human Rights Campaign Foundation on its Corporate Equality 
Index (CEI). This is a national benchmarking measure of workplace equality and corporate policies and 
practices relating to lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) employees. Our score was earned 
by satisfying criteria in nondiscrimination policies across business entities, equitable benefits, supporting an 
inclusive culture and corporate responsibility.
Because of this achievement the Human Rights Campaign Foundation has also recognized us a best place to 
work for LGBTQ equality. Phillips 66’s progress on the CEI over the last five years is below.
100%20%
2016
70%
2017
85%
2018
95%
2019
2020
Our 97% retention rate of underrepresented minority 
and female employees is evidence of our efforts to 
build a more diverse and inclusive workforce.
We also participate in the National Action Council 
for Minorities in Engineering (NACME), the largest 
provider of scholarships in the U.S. to under-
represented minorities in engineering. We have 
a company liaison to the organization, and a 
Phillips 66 executive leadership team member 
serves on its board.
EXECUTIVE INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY COUNCIL  
We are committed to enabling an inclusive 
and diverse workforce throughout our global 
operations. Our Executive Inclusion and Diversity 
Council, chaired by our Chairman and CEO 
Greg Garland and comprised of the executive 
leadership team and other senior business 
leaders, was established in 2019. The council sets 
and monitors the execution of our company’s 
inclusion and diversity strategy, including driving 
performance against key progress metrics.
Global town hall at Sweeny Refinery
OLD OCEAN, TX

52
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Keeping History Alive in 
Old Ocean, Texas
Phillips 66 is the caretaker for the gravesite of  
1st Lt. Patrick F. Duggan, a former Union soldier  
and advocate for freed slaves in Texas.
Duggan died of yellow fever more than 150 years ago and 
was buried on property that Phillips Petroleum acquired 
in 1998. The long-forgotten cemetery at the Sweeny Refinery in Old Ocean, Texas, was 
cleaned up and fenced. In 2012, a Veterans Administration headstone was installed, and in 
2020, the company put up a flagpole to fly the U.S. flag.
During Sweeny Hub Phase 2, the project manager researched Duggan’s life and summed 
it up with a line from a letter sent by a prominent businessman advising officials at the 
Freedman’s Bureau of Duggan’s death, “He showed a desire to administer equal justice 
between white and Black.” 
We learned Duggan was an immigrant who died without heirs. Phillips 66 is proud to keep 
Duggan’s story alive.
HIRING HEROES
As a result of a multiyear program to 
hire military veterans, we have been 
able to attract, retain and support 
veterans in our workforce. We’re 
proud that veterans account for 9% 
of our U.S. workforce and 10% of our 
2020 new hires in the United States.
We are also among the companies 
listed in Military Times’ 2020  
Best for Vets: Employers rankings.  
Enabling Our Workforce to Thrive
Our Total Rewards program attracts and retains a talented, diverse 
workforce. Our programs support the physical, financial, emotional and 
social well-being of our employees and their families.
1st Lt. Patrick F. Duggan
“showed a desire to 
administer equal justice 
between white and Black.”
PHYSICAL WELL-BEING
We provide competitive and comprehensive medical, 
dental and vision plans. Additionally, we offer a range 
of health and fitness resources, including expert 
second opinion and treatment decision support, 
health coaching, a free on-site ergonomic assessment 
program, free on-site biometric screenings and a 
well-being incentive program.
FINANCIAL WELL-BEING
We support the financial well-being of 
our employees to help them realize their 
short- and long-term financial goals. All 
U.S. employees participate in the company-
provided pension plan. In addition, the 
company provides a dollar-for-dollar match 
of up to 6% in the 401(k) savings plan. The 
company also makes a discretionary Success 
Share contribution of up to 6% of pay once a 
year. Financial coaching is also available through 
a third-party vendor at no cost to our employees.
Veterans Day ceremony  
at headquarters 
HOUSTON, TX
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA

53
15%
of our workforce was promoted in 2020 
17%  
of those were women
16%  
of those were underrepresented minorities
98%
retention of high performers in 2020 
CAREER GROWTH
We offer employees many opportunities for career 
growth. Among them:
• Onboarding educates new employees on our 
company vision, values and culture
• “Leading the Vision” and “Leading for Success” 
programs advance coaching skills for people leaders
• On-demand digital learning and access to LinkedIn 
Learning offer professional development and 
expand training opportunities
• Specialized training increases skills in operator roles, 
engineering, sales and finance
• “Crucial Conversations” training provides 
communication skills development
• “KATALYST” new-hire training increases employee 
knowledge of operations, supply and the value chain
• Peer-to-peer teaching and learning expand 
knowledge on topics such as resilience and 
change management
EMOTIONAL WELL-BEING
We support our employees and their families 
as they navigate everyday challenges and 
life’s most extraordinary events. We provide 
access to a suite of resources, including 
an Employee Assistance Program (EAP), 
mental health and substance abuse 
benefits, backup family care and a 
caregiver assistance program.  
We provide eligible employees with 
paid parental leave of up to two 
weeks for mothers and fathers after 
the birth or adoption of a child.  
Birth mothers are eligible for 10 
additional weeks of leave at 100%  
of pay.
SOCIAL WELL-BEING
We enhance our employees’ ability to give 
back to their communities in meaningful 
and personal ways through our Matching 
Gift Program, Volunteer Grant Program and 
our Community Service Policy, which offers 
eligible employees up to two days per year to 
volunteer for causes that are important to them.
REWARDING EXCELLENCE
We have a pay-for-performance philosophy that 
continuously raises the bar on what it means to 
deliver exceptional results. Our employees share in our 
success through rewards programs, like our annual 
Variable Cash Incentive Program and Restricted Stock 
Unit (RSU) Program.  
Our median employee received more than $167,000 
in total compensation and benefits in 2020, 
illustrating our commitment to pay competitively  
and reward performance.
We have formal special recognition programs to 
acknowledge exemplary performance or actions. 
Learn more about Total Rewards in the 
Human Capital Management Report .

Black Employee Network 
Focuses on Inclusion
In a year that could have focused on division 
and isolation, our Black Employee Network 
(BEN) helped make the work environment 
better for all employees.
The tragic deaths of George Floyd and others 
polarized the country. BEN took action to positively 
impact the company’s culture and advance our  
inclusion and diversity efforts through employee 
check-ins and professional development events. 
Candid conversations on race were hosted throughout 
the company, the outcomes of which shaped the 
company’s inclusion and diversity strategy.
Developing Our High-Performing Workforce
Achieving excellence and executing our corporate strategy depend on the talents of our high-performing 
organization. We are committed to helping our people build skills, including investing in emerging digital skills for the 
workforce of the future and enhancing their well-being through ongoing training and sound policies and programs.
INTERNSHIPS
Our industry-leading internship program provides 
a steady pipeline of diverse talent. We provide paid 
internships at every major U.S. job location. 
In 2020, we honored our commitments to interns 
with a combination of in-person and virtual internship 
opportunities. We also had our most diverse intern 
class ever, and 97% of our 2021 incoming university 
hires were recruited from the program. In 2020, 63% of 
our interns received offers for a returning internship or 
full-time position.
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
We invest an average of 54 hours of training per 
employee every year. Employees have regular 
opportunities to develop expertise, communication 
and team-building skills, and our performance 
management process provides continuous coaching 
and feedback.
Talent Management Teams offer employees structured 
input on job moves and career development. In 2020, 
44% of internal transfers were developmental moves.  
In addition to annual performance ratings and 
continuous coaching, most employees have at least 
one development review each year with their  
direct supervisors.
EMPLOYEE RESOURCE GROUPS
Phillips 66 has nine Employee Resource Groups (ERG)
that are forums for sharing different perspectives and 
raising awareness around identity and belonging. They 
focus on engaging and developing our people and 
building internal networks that serve the communities 
where we live and work. In 2020, a pilot inclusion and 
diversity ERG program in the United Kingdom became 
official, and we launched a virtual chapter of our 
PRIDE66 ERG.
Each ERG is supported by local and global  
executive leadership.
LABOR RELATIONS
Our goal is to create and maintain collaborative 
relationships with unions and works councils to achieve a 
high-performing organization and operating excellence. 
In the United States, 37% of our workforce is represented 
by a union.
Black Employee Network 
Juneteenth event
HOUSTON, TX
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
54
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA

55
Trust Builds Strong Partnerships
Our Rodeo, California, facility exemplifies the  
positive power of long-standing, strong relationships  
with the union representing our employees.
One of the unions at Rodeo is the United Steelworkers Union (USW)  
Local 326.
As we convert the Rodeo Refinery to process renewable fuels fully, 
permits are needed to enable necessary construction. Public hearings and 
meaningful community involvement are an important part of the process. 
At a Contra Costa County hearing on conservation and development, 
the president of the USW Local 326, representing 287 workers from the 
refinery, spoke in favor of Rodeo Renewed. He talked about his pride in 
being part of the project and the energy transition, and he spoke about 
the energy industry’s importance to the community. He also explained 
how projects that are part of the energy transition help provide jobs 
for the future and give workers the opportunity to earn good pay and 
support their families.  
We are grateful for his and all employees’ support of this exciting project.
San Francisco Refinery
RODEO, CA
55

56
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Stakeholder Engagement
Stakeholder relationships have always been a priority for us. They enable us to fulfill our purpose and execute 
our strategy. Our stakeholders include employees, shareholders, investors, customers, communities where we 
operate, indigenous people, legislators and energy consumers.
We approach our stakeholder engagement from a position of mutual respect, respecting human rights, 
demonstrating our values through our actions and being a good neighbor. We conduct our operations in 
compliance with all applicable laws, in accordance with our company values and policies, and consistent with 
the spirit of the United Nations’ Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Our processes provide a measured and 
responsive approach to stakeholder engagement. 
STAYING INVOLVED AND ALIGNED WITH 
STAKEHOLDERS
Building local capacity for resilience and preparedness 
is part of our commitment to our values, human rights, 
environmental protection and rapid response. We 
participate in community safety and preparedness 
programs. We proactively support local police, fire and 
emergency management personnel to bolster their 
resources, providing every community where we have 
facilities with equipment, experience or other resources.  
We maintain open communication channels with the 
communities surrounding our facilities and regularly 
participate in dialogue on safety concerns, feedback 
and grievances. This includes community awareness, 
education and listening panels, social media and our 
24-hour community hot lines for each of our refineries.
To identify trends and factors that may be important to 
us and our stakeholders, we cast wide nets internally 
and externally to collect and understand essential data 
and perspectives. We tap into various sources inside 
and outside the sector, across countries and political 
views, and cover physical, policy, human capital, 
reputational risk and opportunities-related information. 
We routinely acquire information from sources, which 
may include customers, in-person interviews 
and surveys. Data comes from investors, 
service companies, consultants, industry 
bodies, research firms and analyst 
reports. We also use other sources 
such as governmental databases, 
environmental and social non-
governmental organizations 
(NGOs), global policy bodies, 
ESG scorers and activists, 
rating agencies, indices, and 
community advisory boards.
CUSTOMERS
Our customers distribute the products we make to 
consumers and businesses. We market petroleum 
products through wholesale and joint venture 
outlets under the Phillips 66, Conoco, 76, JET and 
COOP brands, primarily in the United States, United 
Kingdom, Germany, Austria and Switzerland. 
WEB-EXCLUSIVE 
Extending Digitalization of the 
Consumer Experience
Orbit, the Houston Astros mascot  
Home Run Pump at Minute Maid Park
HOUSTON, TX
In the United States, branded fuel is sold at more than 
7,500 stations, and in Europe, branded fuel is sold at 
over 1,600 stations. 
We also supply branded lubricants at various retail 
outlets across the United States, under the Phillips 66, 
Kendall, Red Line and other private label brands. 
Phillips 66 is also a major jet and avgas fuel supplier to 
private, commercial and military aviation. 
Additionally, we provide businesses with chemicals and 
solvents, premium coke and other specialty products. 
We maintain open channels of communication to 
serve these various customers with a 
range of quality products.
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA

57
• Alliance Refinery
504-656-3557
• Bayway Refinery
908-523-6005
• Billings Refinery
406-255-2600
• Borger Refinery
806-275-1899
• Ferndale Refinery
360-384-8417
• Humber Refinery
+44 (0) 0800-387330
• Lake Charles Refinery
866-259-8548
• Los Angeles Refinery
English 310-834-5264
Spanish 310-543-7431
• Ponca City Refinery
580-767-7130
• San Francisco Refinery (Rodeo)
510-245-4070
• San Francisco Refinery 
(Santa Maria)
805-343-1776
• Sweeny Refinery
979-491-2237
• Wood River Refinery
618-255-3375
COMMUNITY ADVISORY PANELS
Our pipelines have year-round community awareness, 
education and listening panels to stay in touch with 
those involved with and affected by our extensive 
pipeline network.
Our Refining operations have well-established 
Community Advisory Councils or Panels (CACs or 
CAPs) representing a cooperative and empowering 
environment for collaboration in the community. 
CACs and CAPs include company representatives and 
community members who meet regularly. Leaders 
from Refining and, in some instances, Midstream 
and Lubricants operations, provide feedback on 
performance, discuss topics of local concern and 
share insights on plans and activities. The Wood River 
CAP also serves our Midstream and Marketing and 
Community Hot Lines
The communities surrounding our assets are critical stakeholders. We consistently and regularly engage with our 
local and indigenous communities and seek their feedback, and our community call-in lines offer anonymity. If a 
community concern is raised, we respond.
Concerned citizens can call our Midstream hot line at 832-765-3887 or 24-hour community hot lines for each 
of our refineries. 
Specialties operations in the area. The Billings CAC 
covers the Refining and Midstream operations there. 
CACs and CAPs are communication channels for 
safety issues, feedback and grievances, and include 
business unit leaders. Members of CACs and CAPs also 
give us feedback on their communication preferences 
to respond to community needs. Meetings were held 
virtually throughout most of 2020.
CAC and CAP leaders are focused on their 
communities and on breaking down any barriers 
to clear communication. CAC and CAP leaders 
meet and examine issues such as social privilege, 
increasing diversity, political issues and concerns 
over controversial topics. Discussions such as these 
help us plan for the next five to 10 years and ensure 
that we keep our communities top of mind.

811: Call Before You Dig! 
Phillips 66 operates about 12,800 miles of  
U.S. pipeline systems, and the safety of the people 
who live and work nearby is a priority.
U.S. government and oil industry statistics show that the most 
common cause of pipeline incidents is improper or unauthorized 
digging. If someone puts a shovel or heavy machinery in the ground without knowing 
there’s a pipeline buried beneath, they can cause serious damage.
Our pipeline operations business maintains an 811 call center for safe digging, and it 
has handled over 1.5 million calls. We seek feedback and maintain many avenues for 
communication — a community education website, a user-friendly mapping application 
with updated information on our active pipelines and assets, toll-free numbers for 
questions or concerns, and an email portal. Phillips 66 also offers specialized programs 
for farmers, ranchers, emergency officials and schools.
In 2020, we digitized real-time data collected in the field via the Phillips 66 Damage 
Information Reporting Tool (DIRT) and discovered an elevated number of unauthorized 
excavations in specific locations. Because of the potential danger, we launched a 30-day 
digital media geofencing campaign to raise public awareness in Salt Lake City, Utah, near 
the Pioneer Pipeline, and in Spokane, Washington, near the Yellowstone Pipeline. 
The campaign kicked off in October with the goal of sharing safe digging practices 
with companies and people working along Phillips 66 pipeline rights-of-way. 
We identified and geofenced home improvement stores, landscapers 
and nurseries, heavy equipment sales and rental stores, planning and 
zoning buildings, road department buildings, and public works 
buildings close to Phillips 66 pipelines. When someone entered 
the geofenced locations, their electronic phones, laptops and 
tablets received Phillips 66 and 811 Call Before You Dig co-
branded ads. The ads were linked to stakeholder-specific 
portions of the pipeline safety website. 
Subterranean 
Yellowstone Pipeline
MISSOULA, MT
safe digging calls handled
1.5 million
Pasadena Terminal Storage Facility
PASADENA, TX
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
58
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA

INDIGENOUS PEOPLES ENGAGEMENT 
Honoring Indigenous people and their connection to the 
land in the regions where we do business is important 
to Phillips 66, and it’s why we often do more than 
what’s legally required. As a result, we build meaningful 
relationships, which takes time and intention.
Tribal Historic Preservation Officers:  
Prioritizing Tribal Engagement
A planned pipeline spanning four states would have 
required certain authorizations from the U.S. Army 
Corps of Engineers. The Corps permitting process 
includes reaching out to select tribes along the route. 
While the Corps worked its process, Phillips 66 went 
beyond the basic agency notifications and proactively 
engaged with all 30 federally recognized tribes in 
those four states to inform tribal officers and Tribal 
Historic Preservation Officers (THPOs) of the project. 
We engaged in dialogue and had the opportunity 
to learn about the areas along the route with special 
significance to the tribes. Together, we explored 
locations for tribal monitors during construction to 
ensure that the interested tribes had a direct line of 
sight and input into the project’s progress.
While Phillips 66 ultimately exited the project 
before construction commenced, we carry 
forward a commitment to meaningful and 
proactive engagement with tribes on 
our future projects.
Lummi Nation
We have a long-standing 
relationship with members 
of the Lummi Nation, who 
are part of the CAP at 
our Ferndale Refinery in 
Washington state. For 
many years, we have been 
invited to participate 
in the Lummi Nation’s 
First Salmon Ceremony. 
We support the Lummi 
Nation’s education 
priorities, such as the 
Lummi’s Northwest Indian 
College and Boys and 
Girls Club education center, 
and we participate in many 
Nation activities.
MEDIA
We maintain local, national and trade media 
relationships as part of our commitment to 
communication and transparency with our 
stakeholders. We are responsive to inquiries and 
proactively share information with news outlets. In 
the event of an incident, we ensure that community 
information is available within an hour.
INVESTORS AND BANKS
We proactively engage with many of our banks and 
investors, including socially responsible investors (SRIs), 
to update them on our progress, discuss items of 
interest or concern, and learn about their stakeholders’ 
topics of interest. Regular communication enables 
these stakeholder groups to fulfill commitments related 
to Principles for Responsible Investments, a voluntary 
set of investment principles related to integrating 
sustainability issues in investment decision-making 
processes. This process continued virtually throughout 
2020 to maintain connections.
SOCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT PROGRAMS  
AND PRACTICES
We adhere to local and national laws and regulations 
regarding environmental, social and health 
assessments before starting operations at a new site, 
including pipelines. For new projects, we conduct a 
comprehensive social risk assessment to understand 
the people and concerns along a proposed route.
We provide up-to-date information to stakeholder 
communities about potential impacts and 
environmental, health and safety aspects of our work. 
Much of this information is available on our website. We 
regularly update and disseminate information through 
press releases, our website, social media and, in some 
cases, door-to-door flyer distribution. We also hold 
public consultations at which we encourage dialogue 
and welcome feedback from our stakeholders.
We are proud to meet or exceed regulatory 
requirements and industry best practices for informing 
the public about our operations. Our public awareness 
programs have been benchmarked as top-of-industry.
59

Good Energy volunteer project
BARTLESVILLE, OK
Working for the Greater Good in the Community
We promote economic, social and environmental advancement in the communities where we live and work. The 
strategy for our corporate philanthropy program is based on four core pillars: education and literacy, environment 
and sustainability, community safety and preparedness, and civic enrichment.
WEB-EXCLUSIVE 
Social Impact in 2020
Phillips 66 has contributed $225 million to 
organizations promoting education and literacy, 
sustainability, safety and civic enrichment since 2012, 
which includes $52 million in matching gifts and 
volunteer grants. In 2020, the company contributed  
$6 million to COVID-19 and disaster relief efforts. 
Phillips 66 also supports over 600 schools in the 
communities where we operate.
ENCOURAGING VOLUNTEERISM
We enhance our employees’ ability to give to 
their communities through company-sponsored 
volunteering events, volunteer grants and a matching 
gift program, among other initiatives.
$225 million
contributed to organizations 
promoting education and literacy,  
sustainability, safety and civic 
enrichment since 2012
2,500+
organizations supported through 
matching gift and volunteer  
grant programs
60
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE 
DATA

61
Meeting the Need:  
Virtual Energy Education
The National Energy Education Development (NEED)
Project, one of Phillips 66’s largest nonprofit beneficiaries, 
adapted to the challenges of 2020.
Through a series of energy-related lessons on its YouTube channel, 
NEED shifted its teacher training to virtual participation and ramped up 
marketing on Amazon for its book of experiments, “Energy Lab for Kids.”
NEED’s work began in March 1980 with a national day of awareness, but 
as the importance of energy education grew, so did the nonprofit. It works 
with energy companies, government agencies and organizations to bring 
balanced energy programs to the nation’s schools.
Phillips 66 has been a corporate sponsor of NEED since 2012 and funds 
many of its professional development workshops for K-12 teachers. 
Teachers are trained on the latest energy trends and given education kits, 
infobooks and other materials to bring back to their classrooms at no 
cost to the school. The workshops were held virtually for 2020. Phillips 66 
also provides reimbursement for substitutes when teachers attend the 
workshops in person.
More than 300 educators from 231 different schools have attended 
Phillips 66 sponsored virtual workshops in 2020. So far, Phillips 66 has 
sponsored 152 workshops for 3,730 educators in 30 states. 
National Energy Education Day
61

Performance 
Data
Phillips 66 branded marketing site
ST. LOUIS, MO
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
62
PERFORMANCE 
DATA
62
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
GOVERNANCE

We are determined to be the energy industry’s 
safest and most reliable company.
63
63

PERSONAL AND PROCESS SAFETY 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Personal Safety
Combined Total Recordable Rate (TRR) 1 0.15 0.15 0.14 0.15 0.11
Employee TRR 0.14 0.16 0.11 0.13 0.08
Contractor TRR 0.16 0.13 0.16 0.16 0.13
Midstream Combined TRR  0.09 0.27 0.18 0.19 0.12
Midstream Employee TRR  0.09 0.27 0.18 0.19 0.00
Midstream Contractor TRR  0.06 0.18 0.23 0.15 0.20
API EHSG Benchmark 2 0.22 0.30 0.24 0.36
Refining Combined TRR  0.17 0.16 0.15 0.18 0.13
Refining Employee TRR  0.18 0.18 0.11 0.15 0.13
Refining Contractor TRR  0.16 0.15 0.17 0.20 0.14
AFPM Benchmark3  0.33 0.32 0.30 0.33 0.33
Combined Lost Workday Case Rate (LWCR)4 0.04 0.04 0.05 0.03 0.02
Employee LWCR 0.04 0.05 0.05 0.05 0.03
Contractor LWCR 0.04 0.03 0.04 0.03 0.02
Midstream Combined LWCR 0.03 0.18 0.06 0.03 0.02
Midstream Employee LWCR 0.00 0.24 0.06 0.06 0.00
Midstream Contractor LWCR 0.06 0.12 0.06 0.00 0.04
Refining Combined LWCR 0.04 0.02 0.04 0.05 0.04
Refining Employee LWCR 0.06 0.03 0.03 0.06 0.06
Refining Contractor LWCR 0.03 0.02 0.04 0.04 0.02
AFPM Benchmark3  0.08 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.15
Combined Fatalities (#) 0 1 1 0 0
Employee Fatalities (#) 0 1 0 0 0
Contractor Fatalities (#) 0 0 1 0 0
Combined Fatality Rate 5 0.000 0.003 0.003 0.000 0.000
Employee Fatality Rate 0.000 0.007 0.000 0.000 0.000
Contractor Fatality Rate 0.000 0.000 0.006 0.000 0.000
Vehicle Safety
Midstream Vehicle Safety Rate 6 3.38 3.87 1.79 1.41 0.86
API EHSG Benchmark 2 1.42 1.88 1.97 1.26 0.98
Process Safety
Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 7 0.02 0.03 0.05 0.06 0.02
Midstream Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 0.09 0.09 0.24 0.08 0.02
Refining Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 0.02 0.02 0.02 0.06 0.02
AFPM Benchmark3  0.06 0.08 0.06 0.06
Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate 7 0.13 0.13 0.13 0.14 0.12
Midstream Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate 0.33 0.33 0.35 0.38 0.10
Refining Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate 0.13 0.12 0.11 0.12 0.14
AFPM Benchmark3  0.17 0.19 0.17 0.17
Performance Data
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
64
PERFORMANCE 
DATA
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
GOVERNANCE

GREENHOUSE GAS 8 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) 
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 29.3 29.0 29.3 30.0 25.5
Midstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.5
Methane (million metric tons CO 2e) 0.004 0.004 0.005 0.005 0.007
Downstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 28.8 28.6 28.9 29.6 25.0
Methane (million metric tons CO 2e) 0.057 0.067 0.100 0.109 0.100
Indirect GHG Emissions From Imported Energy (Scope 2)
Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 2) – All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 4.8 4.8 4.8 5.7 4.6
Midstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 0.3 0.3 0.4 0.4 0.5
Downstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 4.4 4.4 4.3 5.3 4.0
Indirect GHG Emissions From Products (Scope 3)
Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 3) – All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 372 313
Intensity - GHG Emissions
Scope 1 and 2 Manufacturing-Related Emissions Intensity  (metric tons CO2e/MBOe) 36.7 37.2
Scope 3 Product-Related Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO 2e/MBOe) 371 374
ENVIRONMENTAL 
Events and Spills
Environmental Events9 122 103 112 119 75
Oil spills (#) 59 58 50 49 26
Oil spills to land (bbls) 373 2,757 5,598 1,654 132
Oil spills to water (bbls) 0 179 0 1,100 225
Oil spills beyond secondary containment (bbls) 10 373 2,936 5,598 2,754 357
Midstream oil spills (#) 25 20 19 18 7
Midstream oil spills volume (bbls) 454 2,869 4,648 1,403 25
Midstream oil spills to land (bbls) 285 2,567 4,624 257 5
Midstream oil spills to water (bbls) 0 179 0 1,100 0
Midstream oil spills volume recovered (bbls) 256 417 275 1,181 17
Air Emissions11          
Total Emissions (NOx-PM-SOx-VOCs) (thousand tonnes) 41.1 40.8 40.6 38.3 35.5
NOx (thousand tonnes) 12.4 12.2 12.4 12.6 11.5
PM (thousand tonnes) 3 2.9 3.2 2.7 2.3
SOx (thousand tonnes) 8.8 9.5 8.7 7.8 7.5
VOCs (thousand tonnes) 16.9 16.2 16.3 15.3 14.3
Midstream NOx (thousand tonnes) 0.5 0.5 0.6 0.6 0.9
Midstream PM (thousand tonnes) 0 0 0 0 0
Midstream SOx(thousand tonnes) 0.1 0.1 0.1 0 0.1
Midstream VOCs (thousand tonnes) 2.3 2.2 2.4 2 2.6
Refining NOx (thousand tonnes) 11.8 11.7 11.8 12 10.6
Refining PM (thousand tonnes) 3 2.8 3.2 2.6 2.2
Refining SOx (thousand tonnes) 8.7 9.5 8.6 7.8 7.5
Refining VOCs (thousand tonnes) 13.5 12.9 12.9 12.3 10.7
Performance Data  (Continued)
Scope 3 Product-Related Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/MBOe)
65

Water12 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Freshwater withdrawn (million bbls) 13 993 1,031 1,057 1,029 975
Freshwater withdrawn in water-stressed areas (%) 13,14 30% 29% 30% 28% 30%
Freshwater consumed (million bbls) 15 330 330 358 319 338
Freshwater consumed in water-stressed areas (%) 46% 46% 43% 37% 39%
Freshwater withdrawal intensity 16 1.14 1.19 1.20 1.17 1.36
Freshwater discharged (million bbls) 664 702 699 711 637
Freshwater discharge intensity 16 0.76 0.81 0.79 0.81 0.89
Freshwater discharge to freshwater and municipalities (%) 77% 78% 79% 78% 78%
Non-freshwater withdrawal used for once-through cooling water (OTCW) (%) 17 88% 85% 83% 86% 88%
Recycling
Recycled materials (thousand tonnes) 18 165 175 141 159 124
IT hardware e-waste recycled (thousand lbs.) 19 170 171
Waste
Hazardous waste disposed (million metric tons) 0.03 0.04 0.02 0.03 0.03
PRODUCT SPECIFICATIONS AND CLEAN FUELS BLENDS
Purchase of Separated Renewable Identification Numbers (RINs) 41% 40% 41% 49% 52%
PROCESSING, RELIABILITY, AND ENERGY USAGE
Processed Inputs Refining (million bbls/year), global 12 862 859 872 872 710
Utilization (%)12 96.0 95.1 95.2 93.7 76.2
Total energy consumption (trillion BTUs) 12 488 488 483 493 426
Processed Inputs Refining and NGL - (million barrels of oil equivalent), global 8 973 807
Refined petroleum products and NGL fractionated - (million barrels of oil equivalent), global 8 1,005 838
MILES OF PIPELINE 20
Miles of pipeline (thousands) 22 22
SOCIAL21
Employee Diversity
Number of employees22 14,800 14,600 14,200 14,500 14,300
Employees - Represented by unions (U.S. workforce) 33% 34% 35% 38% 37%
Employees - Women (international workforce) 22% 22% 21% 21% 20%
Employees - Racial/Ethnic minority group (U.S. workforce) 24% 25% 26% 26% 27%
Employees - Generation Z 0% 1% 2% 3% 4%
Employees - Millennials 33% 36% 38% 40% 41%
Employees - Generation X 38% 38% 39% 39% 39%
Employees - Baby Boomers 29% 25% 21% 19% 16%
Retention Rate/Turnover Rate23  95%/5% 94%/6%  93%/7% 94%/6% 95%/5%
Interns - Women (U.S. workforce) 40% 42% 40% 48% 44%
Interns - Racial/Ethnic minority group (U.S. workforce) 29% 36% 25% 31% 38%
Philanthropy and Volunteerism
Charitable donations (millions of U.S. dollars) $28 $32
Employee volunteerism (thousands of hours) 24 88 53
Schools supported (number of schools) 25 600
Performance Data  (Continued)
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
66
PERFORMANCE 
DATA
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
GOVERNANCE

Performance Data Notes
Prior-year data not available for all categories
1 Total Recordable Rate, TRR, as defined by the Occupational Safety 
and Health Administration (OSHA), all rates are calculated as incidents 
per 200,000 work-hours.
2 API refers to American Petroleum Institute, Environmental, Health and 
Safety Group benchmarks. 
3 AFPM refers to American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, U.S. 
refining benchmark. Some 2020 benchmarking data not available at 
time of publication. Data will be updated in the online data table. 
4 Also known as Lost Time Incident Rate, as defined by the 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), all rates are 
calculated as incidents per 200,000 work-hours.
5 Calculated using the OSHA incident rate formula, incidents per 
200,000 work-hours.
6 MVA Rate = [Number of motor vehicle incidents x 1,000,000 miles ÷ 
Business Use Miles Driven]. Business use of a company-owned, leased, 
or rented vehicle includes all miles driven while on duty, including 
commuting to and from work, driving to and from a call-out location, 
and going to and from lunch.
7 Tier 1 and Tier 2 Process Safety Events as defined by the American 
Petroleum Institute RP-754.
8 GHG emissions include 100% of global assets operated by Phillips 66. 
Scope 1 emissions include all direct GHG, such as fuel combustion 
and fugitive emissions, calculated per the U.S. EPA’s Mandatory 
Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP). Scope 2 emissions 
represents indirect GHG from Imported Electricity + Heat + Steam 
+ Cooling. Scope 3 emissions are from products manufactured 
and reported per U.S. EPA 40 CFR Part 98. The reporting basis 
for historical GHG data has been restated to account for updated 
emissions factors. Phillips 66 is piloting the API Draft Template for 
Climate-related Reporting Initiative GHG categories. Manufacturing-
related and product-related GHG emissions intensity denominator 
calculated per GRI 305-4 guidance. Additional data and footnotes are 
available in the GHG Emissions Reduction Targets.  
9 Events that result in an exceedance of the permit or regulatory-based 
numeric emissions limit, or a significant release of hydrocarbon or 
chemical. The values noted represent events that require immediate 
agency notifications.
10For spills >1 bbl counted in 2019 the volume dropped 51% compared 
to 2018; in 2020, the volume dropped an additional 87% compared to 
2019. Total number of spills >1bbl includes Midstream in addition to all 
other operating assets.
11  Beginning in 2020, we expanded our global enterprise criteria pollutant 
emissions reporting to include VOCs (volatile organic compounds). 
Please note that this inclusion increases the total emissions reported 
compared to data in prior Phillips 66 sustainability reports.  
12 Refining only.
13 Freshwater is defined as water that has low salinity – usually less 
than 0.1% (local legal definitions vary). The reported value includes 
freshwater used as once-through cooling water. Water recycle 
GLOSSARY
BBL Barrel (42 U.S. gallons)
BPD Barrels per day
CO2e CO2 equivalent
M Thousand
MBOe Thousand barrels of oil equivalent
MM Million
Metric Ton 1,000 Kg or 1 tonne
practices are prevalent within Phillips 66 and result in reduced water 
withdrawn. Examples include reuse of intermediate refinery streams 
and optimization of cooling tower and boiler systems to improve 
water use efficiency.
14 Phillips 66 uses the World Resources Institute Aqueduct™ Water Risk 
 Atlas to identify areas with high water demand or potential for water 
 scarcity in the future. These analyses help us prioritize projects to 
 improve our efficiency and decrease our environmental footprint in 
 areas where they can have the greatest impact. Sites are classified 
 as water scarce if withdrawing and consuming water in locations with 
 High (40%-80%) or Extremely High (>80%) Baseline Water Stress 
 as classified by the Aqueduct™ Water Risk Atlas. Water use in water 
 scarce areas is expressed as a percentage of the total water use.
15 Water consumed is primarily due to evaporative losses (e.g., operation 
 of cooling towers). The reporting basis and historical data for this 
 metric have been restated in this report.
16 Million bbls of water per million bbls of crude oil input.
17 A minority of sites use OTCW and these sites operate to achieve the 
highest percentage of non-freshwater possible.
18 Includes refinery process catalyst captured for metals reclamation, 
oils and solids captured for reuse, and recyclable materials such as 
metal, glass and paper.
19 E-waste recycled includes all electronic-waste avoiding landfill by 
 being refurbished or recycled.
20 Refers to the miles of pipeline managed, with numbers rounded.
21 Prior to 2017, Phillips 66 was a co-owner in the Sentinel joint venture 
 (Sentinel) and its employees are not included in the Social data. On Jan.  
 1, 2017, Sentinel became a wholly owned subsidiary of Phillips 66. Sentinel 
 Transportation, LLC employees are included in the 2020 data, unless 
 otherwise noted.
22 Sentinel Transportation, LLC employees are included in the number of   
 employees for years 2016-2020.
23 Turnover and attrition are used synonymously and voluntary attrition 
includes resignations and retirements.
24 2020 employee volunteerism hours were lower than average due to 
 the COVID-19 pandemic. 
25 Schools include primary, secondary, trade, technical and universities.
FINANCIAL 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Phillips 66 (millions of U.S. dollars) $1,555 $5,106 $ 5,595 $3,076 ($3,975)
GOVERNANCE
Women on Phillips 66 board of directors 30% 30% 45%
Ethics violations allegations received 181 218 191
Ethics violations allegations investigated (%) 100% 100% 100%
% anonymous/% provided name 44%/56% 38%/62% 40%/60%
67

SASB TOPIC SASB ACCOUNTING METRIC SASB CODE PHILLIPS 66 DISCLOSURE
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan 
to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, 
and an analysis of performance against those targets
EM-MD-110a.2 
EM-RM-110a.2
Climate Change and TCFD Analysis  
(pages 16-25)
Air Quality
Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOx 
(excluding N2O) (2) SOx (3) particulate matter (PM 10) 
(4) H2S and (5) volatile organic compounds (VOCs)
EM-MD-120a.1 
EM-RM-120a.1
(1) NOx: 11.5 thousand tonnes  
(2) SOx: 7.5 thousand tonnes 
(3) Particulate matter: 2.3 thousand tonnes 
(5) VOCs: 14.3
Water 
Management
(1) Total freshwater withdrawn (2) percentage recycled 
(3) percentage in regions with High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water Stress
EM-RM-140a.1
(1) Freshwater withdrawn - 975 million bbl  
(3) % in High or Extremely High Baseline 
Water Stress - 30%
Hazardous 
Materials 
Management
Amount of hazardous waste generated;  
percentage recycled EM-RM-150a.1 (1) Hazardous waste generated:  
30 thousand tonnes
Ecological 
Impacts
Description of environmental management policies and 
practices for active operations EM-MD-160a.1
Operating Excellence: Policies and 
Management Systems (pages 26-37) 
Environmental Stewardship (pages 38-47)
Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, 
volume in Arctic, volume in Unusually Sensitive Areas 
(USAs), and volume recovered
EM-MD-160a.4
Total number of oil spills: 26  
Volume of oil spills (beyond secondary 
containment): 357 bbls  
Volume in Arctic: 0 
Volume in Unusually Sensitive Areas: 0
Product 
Specifications & 
Clean Fuel Blends
Percentage of Renewable Volume Obligation (RVO) met 
through: (1) production of renewable fuels (2) purchase  
of “separated” renewable identification numbers (RIN)
EM-RM-410a.1 (2) Purchase of “separated” renewable 
identification numbers (RIN): 52%
Workforce Health 
& Safety
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) (2) fatality rate 
(3) near-miss frequency rate (NMFR) for (a) full-time 
employees and (b) contract employees
EM-RM-320a.1
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR): 
0.11 (employee + contractor) 
(2) Fatality rate: 0.000
Discussion of management systems used to integrate  
a culture of safety EM-RM-320a.2 Operating Excellence (pages 26-37)
Operational 
Safety, Emergency 
Preparedness & 
Response
Discussion of management systems used to integrate a 
culture of safety and emergency preparedness throughout 
the value chain and throughout project life cycle
EM-MD-540a.4 Operating Excellence (pages 26-37)
Critical Incident 
Risk Management
Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary 
Containment (LOPC) of greater consequence (Tier 1)  
and lesser consequence (Tier 2)
EM-RM-540a.1 Tier 1 process safety event rate: 0.02 
Tier 2 process safety event rate: 0.12
Activity Metric
Refining throughput of crude oil and other feedstocks EM-RM-000.A 871,589, 100% operated basis  
Refining throughput: 710 million bbls/year
Refining operating capacity EM-RM-000.B 2.2 MM BPD of crude throughput capacity
Total metric ton-kilometers of: (1) natural gas (2) crude oil 
and (3) refined petroleum products transported,  
by mode of transport
EM-MD-000.A <1 billion bbls ( page 32)
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Disclosures
This index references the Phillips 66 information in this report pertaining to standards applicable to companies 
classified by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) in the Oil and Gas — Midstream, and Oil and 
Gas — Refining and Marketing industries as per SASB’s Sustainable Industry Classification System®.
Phillips 66®, Conoco®, 76®, Kendall®, Red Line®, JET® and their respective logos are registered trademarks of Phillips 66 Company or a wholly 
owned subsidiary. Other names and logos mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. 
21-0034_14  2021 © Phillips 66 Company. All rights reserved. Revised November 2021
68
PHILLIPS 66  2021 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
PERFORMANCE 
DATA
OPERATING 
EXCELLENCE
ENVIRONMENTAL
STEWARDSHIP
SOCIAL 
RESPONSIBILITY  
GOVERNANCE

Subterranean Glacier Pipeline 
GREAT FALLS, MT

PHILLIPS66.COM