2023 corporate sustainability report
Energy
for a
growing 
world

Photo: Chevron’s Rockies business unit is the largest oil and natural  
gas producer in Colorado. We’re working to deliver energy responsibly with 
next-gen tankless facilities that, compared with older designs, reduce  
more than 90% of greenhouse gas emissions from our Colorado operations.

We believe the world’s continued demand for oil, natural gas and other energy products should be supplied by  
the most responsible producers. We work to achieve progress and deliver value, consistent with our vision to be the 
global energy company most admired for its people, partnership and performance.
higher returns,  
lower carbon
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
1
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
1

introduction
At Chevron, our purpose is to provide the affordable, 
reliable, ever-cleaner energy that enables human 
progress. Our sustainability reporting focuses on 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues  
that matter to our business and our stakeholders.
2023 sustainability highlights ............................................ 3
message from our chairman and CEO .............................4
board of directors ..................................................................6
director Q&A ........................................................................... 7
our business ............................................................................ 8
sustainability ......................................................................... 10
our reporting ...........................................................................11
social investment ..................................................................13
advancing energy progress
climate ......................................................................................15
lower carbon ..................................................................16 
methane ..........................................................................18
lifecycle analysis ............................................................19
new energies ................................................................ 20
protecting the environment
environment ..........................................................................23
air ......................................................................................24 
water ...............................................................................25
waste ...............................................................................27
biodiversity ....................................................................29
empowering people
safety and health .................................................................32
people and culture...............................................................36
human rights .........................................................................39
getting results the right way
governance ............................................................................43
lobbying ..................................................................................47
technology ............................................................................ 50
performance
performance data ................................................................53
glossary ..................................................................................55
about this report ..................................................................57
in this report
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
2

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
2023 sustainability highlights
getting results  
the right way
empowering  
people
protecting the 
environment
Somos employee 
network recognized 
as Hispanic Employee 
Resource Group 
of the Year
by Society of Hispanic 
Professional Engineers
   read more
95,829 
U.S. employee  
and retiree volunteer 
hours during 2023 
Chevron has fully 
funded 151 employees
to participate in our  
Digital Scholar master’s 
degree program since 2019
   read more
USD 1.2 billion+
social investment in 
communities where we 
operate since 2016
6th
publication of our  
Climate Change Resilience 
Report detailing the actions 
we take to advance  
our lower carbon ambitions
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 
recognized Chevron with  
a Conservation Award  
for outstanding stewardship of 
natural resources and long-  
term dedication to endangered 
thistle recovery
Upgraded the 
diesel hydrotreater 
at the El Segundo 
Refinery, California
to process either  
100% renewable or 
traditional feedstocks
Completed acquisition of a  
majority stake in ACES Delta, 
LLC which is developing  
a green hydrogen storage 
project in Utah
   read more
58%
diversity
50%
women
25%
racially/
ethnically 
diverse
at end of 2023
board diversity 
140+
novel technology 
companies invested in 
by Chevron Technology 
Ventures since 1999
Published our Approach to  
Tax and Transparency  report  
illustrating how we embed 
principled tax practices 
in our business
   read more
36th
consecutive year with 
an increase in annual 
dividend payout per share
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
3

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
In 2023, Chevron continued producing the energy that 
enables human progress. Amid global volatility, our 
strategy remained consistent: leverage our strengths to 
safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world.
“Affordable, reliable 
and ever-cleaner  
energy is required 
to achieve economic 
prosperity, energy 
security and 
environmental 
protection.”
Our approach to sustainability is integrated through-
out our business. For over two decades, we’ve 
communicated sustainability-related performance  
to our stakeholders. This report reflects our  
annual performance.
advancing environmental protection
Many energy solutions will be required to achieve  
the world’s energy and environmental goals.  
Chevron works to develop better processes, deploy  
new technologies and invest in innovations to  
advance environmental protection.
We have allocated $10 billion from 2021 through 2028  
in lower carbon investments to reduce the carbon 
intensity of our operations and to help our customers 
meet their own lower carbon ambitions. Last year,  
we expanded acreage at our Bayou Bend Carbon 
Capture and Storage Hub project, positioning it to be 
one of the largest carbon capture projects in the  
United States. We acquired a majority stake in ACES 
Delta, a hydrogen hub in Utah, designed to store 
hydrogen made from renewable energy and dispatch  
it to generate reliable power. We successfully  
upgraded the diesel hydrotreater at our El Segundo 
Refinery to process either 100% renewable or  
petroleum feedstocks.
We are also focused on identifying opportunities to 
conserve and enhance biodiversity where we operate. 
Last year, we expanded our global biodiversity  
database, creating more insights and new opportunities 
for action.
engaging our people
We believe human ingenuity has the power to solve  
any challenge and overcome any obstacle.
We seek to engage the full potential of our employees 
by bringing together diverse viewpoints, ideas and 
experiences in an inclusive environment. Chevron invests 
to build leadership capabilities across our workforce  
and create programs and experiences that give 
employees the skills to thrive. We also empower our 
people to make a difference in communities where we 
operate – which is reflected in the nearly 100,000 hours 
of volunteerism by our United States employees and 
retirees in 2023. And we continue to focus on the safety 
of our operations and the health and well-being of  
our workforce and communities.
message from our 
chairman and CEO
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
4

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Photos: Mike Wirth engages with the Chevron workforce during a global employee town hall. Right top Our El Segundo Refinery upgraded its diesel  
hydrotreater to process either 100% renewable or petroleum feedstocks. Right center Throughout the year, Chevron employees volunteer in their communities. 
Right bottom Expansion of our global biodiversity database further helps us to conserve and enhance biodiversity where we operate.
leading the right way 
At Chevron, we believe leadership carries great 
responsibility. We have a proud history of focusing on 
what matters most – safely providing the affordable, 
reliable and ever-cleaner energy that enables human 
progress. This report details our actions to that purpose 
and to getting results the right way.
Thank you for your engagement, trust and partnership.
Sincerely,
Michael K. Wirth 
Chairman of the Board and  
Chief Executive Officer
continuing strong governance 
In 2023, we published our Approach to Tax and 
Transparency report that shows continued focus  
on our key tax principles, robust governance  
framework and stakeholder engagement.  
We also published our sixth Climate Change  
Resilience Report.
Our highly experienced Board of Directors oversees 
sustainability-related matters and provides strong 
governance and strategic direction.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
5

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
board of directors
Our Board is committed to strong corporate governance 
structures and practices that help Chevron achieve 
business results the right way. Elements of strategy are 
discussed at every regular Board meeting, as well  
as at meetings of the Board’s Committees. At least one 
Board meeting each year is dedicated primarily to  
stra tegy. To assess performance against the plan, the 
Board receives regular updates on progress and  
execution and provides oversight and direction through-
out the year. Meetings also include updates from 
external subject matter experts on a range of issues 
pertinent to Chevron’s strategy.
Directors periodically visit Chevron operations through-
out the world. They are provided opportunities to  
listen to and interact directly with employees. In 2023, 
the Board visited our operations in Colorado. In addition 
to meeting with Colorado employees, the Board  
toured the Operations and Safety Training Center, a  
well completion site and a tankless production facility.
For more information about our Board, visit  
chevron.co/corporate_governance.
Committees of the Board
1 Audit: Debra Reed-Klages, Chair
2 Board Nominating and Governance: Wanda M. Austin, Chair
3 Management Compensation: Charles W. Moorman, Chair
4  Public Policy and Sustainability: Enrique Hernandez, Jr., Chair
Photo: Board visit to operations in Colorado. L–R: John B. Frank  (1), Marillyn A. Hewson  (1), Dambisa F. Moyo (1), Wanda M. Austin  (2, 3),  
Michael K. (Mike) Wirth  Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Charles W. Moorman  (2, 3), Jon M. Huntsman Jr.  (3, 4),  
Debra Reed-Klages  (1), Enrique Hernandez, Jr.  (3, 4), Cynthia J. Warner  (4). Not pictured: Alice P. Gast (2, 4) and D. James Umpleby  III (2, 4).
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
6

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
molly laegeler
VP Strategy & Sustainability,  
and Secretary PPSC
Joining Chevron in 2005, 
Laegeler guides the company’s 
key strategies, including capital 
allocation and sustainability efforts. 
Laegeler earned her bachelor’s 
degree in petroleum engineering 
from Missouri University of  
Science and Technology and her 
MBA from Tulane University.
enrique hernandez, jr.
Director and Chair PPSC
A Chevron Director since 2008, 
Hernandez chairs the Public Policy 
and Sustainability Committee 
(PPSC). Hernandez received his  
law degree from Harvard Law 
School and began his career as an 
attorney before leading Inter-Con 
Security Systems’ growth into 
one of the largest security system 
providers worldwide.
sustainability efforts
Laegeler What role does the Board play in Chevron’s  
efforts to protect the environment, empower people and  
get results the right way?
Hernandez The Board oversees Chevron’s performance 
and management of various sustainability-related matters, 
including climate change, lobbying practices, human capital 
management, cybersecurity and human rights. The Board  
also offers guidance on Chevron’s reporting, such as the  
2023 Climate Change Resilience Report . 
Each year, the Board reviews the long-term strategic plan  
and the principal issues that the company expects to face in 
the future. For example, in 2023, Independent Director  
and Audit Committee Chair Debra Reed-Klages observed 
parts of the corporate cybersecurity exercise and provided 
feedback on the exercise to management and the Board.  
The PPSC reviews Chevron’s political activities, including how 
direct and indirect lobbying align with Chevron’s strategy. 
getting results
Laegeler How does the Board think about the skills and 
experiences that contribute to company success?
Hernandez Delivering results the right way begins with 
people. The Board understands the importance of our 
workforce to the successful execution of our strategy and 
holds management accountable for investing in people  
and Chevron’s culture. Our Board is actively involved in 
succession planning and periodically receives updates on 
diversity, culture and employee engagement. 
Chevron believes innovative solutions to our most  
complex challenges emerge when diverse people, ideas 
and experiences come together in an inclusive environment. 
This holds true for our Board members. As our business 
environment has evolved, the Board has broadened its  
skill sets, including appointing directors with experiences  
and perspectives consistent with Chevron’s key objectives. 
With such broad perspectives, boardroom discussions  
are consistently rich with views and considerations.
stakeholder engagement
Laegeler Fostering long-term relationships with stock - 
ho
lders and other stakeholders is a core Chevron  
objective. What are your takeaways from Chevron’s  
2023 stakeholder engagements?
Hernandez We appreciate external voices because they 
provide thoughtful perspective on company direction, 
whether that’s through stockholder engagement or Board 
strategy sessions that include external experts. We value 
listening to employees, especially those new to Chevron 
with fresh perspectives. For example, during the Board and 
management visit to our Colorado operations, we met with 
employees, including those who joined Chevron through 
our acquisition of Noble Energy. We also met leaders from 
government, academia, business and the community.
director Q&A
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
7

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
our strategy We leverage our strengths to safely deliver lower carbon energy to a growing world. We aim 
to grow our oil and gas business, lower the carbon intensity of our operations and pursue new lower carbon 
businesses in renewable fuels, carbon capture and offsets, hydrogen, and other emerging technologies.
our purpose We work to provide the  
affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy  
that enables human progress.
our vision To be the global energy company  
most admired for its people, partnership  
and performance.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
8
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
8
our business

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Upstream
Utilizes innovative technology to  
maximize production from mature fields, 
discover new oil and gas resources  
and meet the world’s growing demand  
for energy while at the same time  
reducing carbon intensity.
Downstream
Manufactures fuels, petrochemicals, 
additives and other products through  
our global refining system, to be  
sold by our marketing, lubricants, and  
supply and trading organizations.
New energies
Focused on developing new lower  
carbon businesses that have the  
potential to scale, including hydrogen, 
carbon capture and storage, carbon  
offsets, and emerging technologies,  
such as geothermal.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
9
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
9

OEMS focus areas
Environment
Workforce  
safety  
and health
Process safety, 
reliability  
and integrity 
Security
Efficiency
 Stakeholders
introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
sustainability
our approach
Chevron’s approach to sustainability is integrated 
throughout our business. We strive to protect  
the environment, empower people and get results  
the right way. The Chevron Way guides how we  
work and establishes a common understanding of  
our culture, vision and values. To learn more, visit 
chevron.co/chevron_way.
Oversight
The Board oversees Chevron’s performance and 
management of various sustainability-related issues, 
including climate change, reporting, lobbying  
practices, human capital management, cybersecurity  
and human rights. The Board’s four standing 
Committees provide oversight and guidance over 
different aspects of sustain ab ility. For example, the 
Public Policy and Sustainability Committee assesses  
and advises on risks that may arise in connection  
with social, political, environmental and public policy 
aspects of Chevron’s business and helps management 
evaluate trends and potential impli ca tions. To learn  
more, visit chevron.co/governance. 
Risk management
Chevron employs risk management processes for 
identifying, assessing and managing the risks  
to our business, including potential risks related  
to sustainability matters. For example, our  
Operational Excellence Management System  
(OEMS) helps us systematically realize our values  
and achieve our vision. A number of risks,  
including those related to sustainability matters,  
are addressed through six OEMS focus areas.  
To learn more, visit chevron.co/OEMS_overview.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
10

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
our approach
We identified the content for our 2023 Corporate 
Sustainability Report by monitoring issues and trends 
and engaging throughout the year with stakeholders. 
Thoughtful engagement on priority issues (sometimes 
called “material issues”* in the context of ESG reporting 
frameworks) helps Chevron assess and, where 
appropriate, refresh our ESG reporting. 
Members of the Enterprise Leadership Team, the  
Global Issues Committee, and the Board’s Public Policy 
and Sustainability Committee have opportunities to 
provide input for our sustainability reporting. 
insights
To gain insight into ESG issues and reporting trends,  
we work with third-party groups, including the  
World Business Council for Sustainable Develop  me nt, 
BSR and Ipieca. We engage external consultants to 
benchmark our reporting with peers’ sustainability 
reports. Our ESG rater performance is used to identify 
opportunities for potential disclosure enhance me nts. 
We also work with Datamaran, an ESG risk identification 
and monitoring software company that uses artificial 
intelligence to identify, prioritize and monitor  
ESG issues.
stakeholders
We meet with stakeholders to foster trust, build 
relationships and engage in two-way dialogue  
to understand their insights. These interactions, in  
addition to survey results, help us learn what matters  
to our stakeholders and refine which topics to  
include in each year’s report.
Investors
In 2023, we interacted with the investment community 
through Quarterly Earnings calls, Chevron Investor 
Day, management roundtable and the Annual Meeting 
of Stockholders. In addition to these events, Chevron 
conducts extensive engagements with investors as part 
of gaining insights on sustainability-related issues. These 
engage ments routinely cover issues including strategy, 
climate change, energy transition, workplace culture, 
human rights, human capital management, lobbying  
and governance.
Our Board also directly engages with investors. Lead 
Independent Director Dr. Wanda Austin met with  
11 investors in the off-season. Stockholder engagement 
following the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders  
was robust, and our response to stockholder feedback  
is summarized in the 2024 Proxy Statement.
Employees
We actively seek insights from employees. Our engage- 
ments provide an indicator of employee well-being  
and commitment to the company’s values, purpose and  
strategies. We track performance by regularly conducting  
surveys to assess the health of the company’s culture. 
Throughout the year, the survey results allow us  
to better understand employee sentiment about the 
company, including sustainability-related matters.
In 2023, in addition to employee surveys, we interacted 
with employees through our Shared Energy Town  
Halls, a Board visit to Colorado operations and our 
employee networks. Our Chairman’s Inclusion Council 
provides employee network presidents with a direct  
line of communication to executives, including the 
Chairman, to engage on diversity and inclusion matters.
our reporting
* For purposes of this report, the concept of “material issues” generally refers to ESG reporting guidance such as that provided by Ipieca and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and does  
not correspond to the concept of materiality used in the securities laws and disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). With respect to the term “material,” individual  
companies are best suited to determine which information is material under the long-standing U.S. Supreme Court definition of that term and whether to disclose this information in SEC filings.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
11

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Communities
We work with local stakeholders, governments and 
nongovernmental organizations in communities  
near our operations who share insights on matters 
important to them. Our engagement with communities 
is guided by a process to identify and manage  
potential impacts. 
For example, business units may engage local staff 
dedicated to community engagement or sponsor 
community advisory panels to serve as liaisons.  
Our social investment strategy seeks to respond to 
needs in the communities where we operate around  
the world. We seek to work with communities and 
partners to promote self-sufficiency, job growth and 
economic development.
ESG reporting insights
Oversight
Board of Directors and 
its committees provide 
oversight and guidance  
over different aspects  
of sustainability matters.
Monitor and assess
Identify, assess and  
manage the risks to 
our business, including 
potential risks related to 
sustainability matters.
Benchmark
Benchmark prior  
year’s reporting with  
external consultants.
Engage stakeholders
Engage with investors  
and other stakeholders  
on ESG-related matters.
the  
chevron  
way
environment
 social
governance
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
12

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
2023 selected chevron social investments
social investment
our approach We believe our business succeeds when our people and communities succeed. At Chevron, we 
strive to empower people around the world to improve their lives, achieve their ambitions and meet their full  
potential. Our social investment supports key themes relevant to the communities where we operate. A selection 
of social investments around the world is summarized below. See the linked chapters for the full stories.
Colorado, U.S.
Providing mental wellness resources  
that help children develop resilience.
   see safety and health
New Mexico and Texas, U.S.
Partnering to restore and sustain the  
Pecos River and its tributaries.
   see water
Colombia
Participating in conservation and 
restoration of coral reefs within the 
Colombian Caribbean.
   see biodiversity
Angola
Mentoring students to develop business 
solutions for a circular economy.
   see waste
Cyprus
Sponsoring a mobile education  
center to demonstrate used cooking  
oil recycling.
   see climate
Kazakhstan
Tengizchevroil, a nonoperated joint  
venture, sponsoring training programs  
in the community.
   see human rights
India
Supporting entrepreneurship in  
vulnerable communities.
   see technology
Australia
Supporting teachers to embed  
Indigenous scientific knowledge in  
the classroom.
   see people and culture
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
13
1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
advancing energy 
progress
Photo: Around the world, our teams advance projects focused on  
energy efficiency, flaring reduction and methane management.
climate ...........................................................................................15
 lower carbon .........................................................................16
 methane ..................................................................................18
 lifecycle analysis ...................................................................19
 new energies ....................................................................... 20
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
14

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
targets to lower the  
carbon intensity of our operations
$2.0
billion
in carbon reduction projects  
from 2021 through 2028
$8.0
billion
in lower carbon energy  
investments from  
2021 through 2028
71 g CO₂e/MJ
portfolio carbon intensity  
(Scope 1, 2 and 3) by 2028
24 kg CO₂e/boe
gas carbon intensity  
(Scope 1 and 2) by 2028
36 kg CO₂e/boe
refining carbon intensity 
(Scope 1 and 2) by 2028
24 kg CO₂e/boe
oil carbon intensity  
(Scope 1 and 2) by 2028
planned  
capital 
allocation
our outlook The world’s energy demand is greater now than at any time in human history. The world’s 
energy needs continue to grow as populations and incomes rise, urban areas expand, and billions of  
people in less-developed countries seek a higher standard of living. Many energy solutions will be required 
to meet this demand growth as the world works toward also achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement. 
Under a wide range of scenarios, we believe the journey to a lower carbon future will require oil and natural 
gas, particularly where there are currently no effective substitutes. As we have done for more than  
140 years, we will continue to evolve and help meet the energy demand of a growing world.
climate
affordable, reliable and ever-cleaner energy  
enables human progress 
Chevron’s ability to achieve any goal, target or aspiration, including with respect to climate-related initiatives, our lower carbon strategy and any lower carbon new energy businesses, is subject  
to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Chevron regularly evaluates its goals, targets and aspirations and may eliminate, increase or decrease them for various reasons,  
including market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. For more information, see About This Report on pages 57–58 and 
Forward-Looking Statements Warning and Other Disclaimers on page 59.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
15

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
upstream net zero 2050 aspiration
We aspire to achieve net zero upstream production  
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) on an  
equity basis by 2050. The company believes accomplishing 
this aspiration depends on, among other things, sufficient  
and substantial advances in technology, including the 
continuing progress of commercially viable technologies  
and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; enabling 
policies and other actions by governing authorities, including 
those regarding subsidies, tax and other incentives as  
lower carbon
identifying emissions intensity reduction opportunities
our approach We aim to lead in lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas, which are expected  
to be part of the global energy mix for many years to come. We’re advancing new products and solutions  
to help reduce the carbon emissions of major industries and hard-to-abate sectors.
Our business  We’re taking action to lower the carbon  
intensity of our operations, including management  
of methane, flaring and energy.
New energies We’re investing to grow our production  
and supply capabilities in renewable fuels, carbon capture  
and offsets, hydrogen, and other emerging technologies.
well as the granting of necessary permits; successful 
negotiations for carbon capture and storage and nature-  
based solutions; and availability and acceptability of 
cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits. Active portfolio 
management is part of achieving our objectives. Growth or 
decline in production from different assets, acquisitions  
or divestitures, or from changes in operations and accounting 
guidelines, may result in emissions performance changes. 
Divestments have historically represented a small portion of 
achieved intensity reductions, particularly because we intend 
to grow overall production.
30
20
10
0
40
2016 2016–2023 2024–2028 2029–2050 2050
Projected
2016
Emissions
intensity Achieved
( Divestments)
Future 
GHG
reductions
Innovation
and 
o sets
Net zero
GHG
reductionsPortfolio
Upstream net zero 2050 aspiration
Scope 1 and 2 emissions ( kilograms CO₂e/boe) Potential Scope 1 and 2 reduction opportunities
Carbon pricing, carbon-
related reporting, support for 
innovation like CCUS, support 
for grid infrastructure
Infrastructure support for  
gas market development
Flexibility to use advanced 
technologies for methane 
detection
Carbon pricing, carbon-
related reporting, support  
for innovation like CCUS  
and offsets, support for 
carbon markets 
Supporting policy
Direct 
energy use: 
combustion
Indirect energy 
use: imported 
electricity and 
steam
Flaring
Fugitives  
and 
venting
Source type
Energy management, e.g., 
efficiency improvements, 
lower carbon fuels, 
electrification with lower 
carbon power, CCUS
Energy management, e.g., 
efficiency improvements, 
sourcing lower carbon 
power 
Gas market development, 
operational best practices, 
e.g., flow assurance for 
gas, facility reliability 
improvements
Methane management, e.g., 
operational best practices  
and facility design
Reduction strategies
2016 
Emissions 
intensity
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
16

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
GHG management
We are taking actions to reduce carbon intensity by high-
grading our portfolio, improving operations and using our 
marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) process to drive 
emissions reductions on existing facilities. Our MACC process 
is a disciplined approach to get the most impact for each 
dollar spent. To cost-effectively reduce the carbon intensity 
of our operations and assets, we seek to optimize carbon 
reduction opportunities and integrate GHG mitigation 
technologies across the enterprise.
We assess reduction opportunities in the key areas of  
energy management; methane management, consisting of 
venting, fugitives and flaring reductions; carbon capture, 
utilization and storage (CCUS); and offsets. These GHG 
reduction approaches can be supported by policy on carbon 
pricing, well-designed carbon-related reporting, support  
for technologies like CCUS, and offsets.
Optimizing carbon reduction opportunities
Our MACC process has identified more than 150 GHG abate-
ment projects for development. To advance these projects,  
we have a planned spend of over $600 million in 2024. In 2023,  
we made progress on nearly 100 projects and completed 
“Advancing 
solutions takes 
partnership.”
— Laura Kurt
Senior GHG Specialist
As part of my role at Chevron, I research solutions to complex GHG 
reporting challenges with both internal and external stakeholders.  
In 2021, I worked on a team with members from both QatarEnergy  
and Pavilion Energy. Using a lifecycle approach for accounting,  
we developed one of the first methodologies to calculate total LNG 
emissions from production to delivery.
To provide a way to compare and make informed decisions regarding 
the carbon footprint of products, we are working to deliver the 
equivalent of “nutrition facts.” We hope this methodology is scalable 
for industrywide implementation.
Quality data is required to make informed decisions about climate 
solutions, and I’m excited to be playing a role.
social investment
Cyprus: Through contributions to the nonprofit, 
nongovernmental organization AKTI Project and  
Research Centre, Chevron is sponsoring environmental 
education programs in Cyprus communities.
The organization operates the “Tiganokinisi Caravan,” a 
mobile information and education center that visits schools 
and rural communities to promote circular bioeconomics. 
Scientists demonstrate how used cooking oil can be 
transformed into biodiesel. Interested schools can collect 
and recycle their community’s used oil. Funds from the sale 
of the oil are returned to support school programs.
In 2023, our contributions helped cover supplies,  
operating expenses and a vehicle to pull the caravan.  
We also received an award from the Pan Cyprian 
Volunteerism Coordinative Council for our sponsorship.
nearly 30 projects. We expect to spend approximately  
$2 billion on these and similar projects from 2021 through 
2028. When these carbon reduction opportunities are 
completed, they are expected to deliver approximately  
4 million tonnes of emissions reductions per year.
GHG mitigation projects
Permian Basin, U.S.: We lowered the carbon intensity of our 
Permian Basin drilling and completion activities by replacing 
diesel as the primary fuel in drilling operations. Since the 
initiative began in 2020, we’ve saved $87 million and reduced 
approximately 270,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent 
(CO2e) emissions. Our Permian team shared knowledge across 
the company to help identify opportunities to adopt fuel-
switching solutions, such as electric drilling rigs and dynamic 
gas blending in other operations.
France: The Oronite plant in Gonfreville entered into a  
supply agreement with BioSynergy to provide approximately 
40% of the plant’s steam needs for the next 10 years. 
BioSynergy will supply steam from an 80% biomass and  
20% solid recovered fuel to production units and is expected 
to reduce approximately 25,000 tonnes per year of  
associated CO2 emissions.
to learn more, visit chevron.co/climate
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
17

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
methane
our goal is simple – keep methane in the pipe
our approach Chevron’s ambition is to be a global leader in methane emissions performance.  
We believe addressing methane emissions has become a key part of being a responsible producer  
of oil, products and natural gas.
2.0
kg CO₂e/boe
upstream methane intensity target by 2028
64%
decrease
in upstream methane intensity since 2016
reducing methane intensity
In 2022, Chevron committed to designing, where  
possible, new upstream facilities without routine methane 
emissions. To evolve facility designs, process controls  
and systems are being reengineered to help remove,  
reduce or prevent methane vent in g as part of our normal 
operations. We anticipate that our monitoring and detection 
program will provide additional insights to improve how  
our facilities are operated and maintained. To learn more,  
read our report chevron.co/methane_report .
improving methane detection
Since 2016, we have trialed 14 advanced methane detection 
technologies. These technologies include aircraft-based  
gas-mapping light detection and radar, continuous monitoring 
with ground-based sensors, and satellite-based imaging  
inter ferometry. “Find and fix” campaigns in Angola, Argentina, 
Australia, Kazakhstan, Nigeria, the Denver-Julesburg  
Basin, the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and the Permian Basin have 
provided opportunities to test methane emissions detection 
and measure me nt options. Detection results were used  
to validate performance and inform repairs. In 2023, Chevron 
contracted GHGSat to monitor 18 onshore assets worldwide.
verifying methane performance
While methane detection technology is maturing, challenges 
remain in quantification accuracy. Chevron is working with 
others to develop and implement protocols that incorporate 
direct measurement into emissions inventories, informed by 
detection technology, operational parameters and engineer -
ing capabilities. To advance this effort, we joined Veritas, the 
GTI Energy Methane Emissions Measurement and Verification 
Initiative, and the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0.
Chevron’s methane intensity target is calculated based on 
Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodologies for 
the Oil and Natural Gas Industry (2021), which requires use of 
local regulatory reporting methodologies where applicable. 
The U.S. EPA has adopted notable changes to reporting 
methodologies in its Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program  
(40 C.F.R. Part 98.230), which will be applicable to Chevron's 
U.S. operations. We expect these adopted changes will 
increase our reported emissions in future years and therefore 
increase our reported methane intensity.
collaborating to improve performance
Chevron collaborates with third parties to help improve  
our collective understanding of methane emissions detection 
and measurement. We advocate for well-designed methane 
regulation and share what has been effective within our  
own operations. To advance global methane emissions 
perform ance, we partner with international organizations  
that share best practices, including The Environmental 
Partnership, Aiming for Zero Methane Emissions Initiative 
launched by the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative, and the 
Methane Guiding Principles Initiative.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
18

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
lifecycle analysis
supporting a lifecycle approach to carbon accounting
our approach Chevron is working to help develop global standards and guidance to advance carbon 
accounting as we seek to lead in carbon transparency. Four principles that guide our lifecycle approach  
to carbon accounting are to provide relevant, consistent, accurate and complete data.
A lifecycle approach to carbon accounting, also known as 
“carbon footprinting,” facilitates informed decision making 
throughout the value chain of any particular product.  
Carbon data that are consistent, reliable and transparent 
across sectors, products and firms of all sizes can be used  
to understand the carbon performance associated with  
a good or service at each stage of the lifecycle, from 
production to manufacturing to transport. Aggregating  
the data associated with a specific product enables a full 
lifecycle assessment that can improve decision quality  
at each point at which policy, manufacturing or purchasing 
decisions are made.
advancing lifecycle carbon accounting
A more effective and reliable lifecycle approach to carbon 
accounting and associated digital tools is helpful to advance 
a lower carbon future. Chevron continues to work toward 
advancing lifecycle carbon accounting and developing  
critical digital products to create data that better informs 
policies, capital markets and customers. To learn more 
about Chevron’s support of a lifecycle approach to carbon 
accounting, visit chevron.co/carbon_accounting .
principles
Relevant
Actual data compared on a common basis enables  
day-to-day decision making.
Consistent
Data enable performance comparisons across  
suppliers and over time.
Accurate
Common set of assurance standards promotes  
the reliability of information.
Complete
Lifecycle summation, inclusive of all relevant  
emissions, and annual global reconciliation of  
emissions are achieved. 
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
19

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
new energies
building businesses to help reduce the carbon emissions  
of major industries and hard-to-abate sectors
our approach We aim to help customers meet their lower carbon ambitions and reduce the carbon 
intensity of our own operations while pursuing opportunities that generate competitive returns. We believe 
innovation, technology and policy will be key drivers of change. Chevron regularly evaluates its goals, 
targets and aspirations and may eliminate, increase or decrease them for various reasons.
renewable fuels
We believe renewable fuels can help reduce the lifecycle 
carbon intensity of transportation fuels today. Leveraging our 
existing refining system, we are aiming to produce capacity of 
roughly 100 mbd of renewable fuels, which includes renewable 
diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, biodiesel and other biofuels, 
by 2030. Through the capabilities and assets of Chevron 
Renewable Energy Group, we are approximately halfway to 
achieving our 2030 capacity target.
Louisiana, U.S.: With a renewable diesel project in Geismar 
expected to come online in 2024, our renewable fuels 
nameplate capacity will increase by approximately 30%.
Argentina:  Chevron Renewable Energy Group and Bunge 
acquired Chacraservicios S.r.l., which cultivates novel oil 
seeds. This investment supports both Chevron and Bunge’s 
work to meet the growing demand for lower carbon  
renewable feedstocks.
California, U.S.:  Our El Segundo Refinery completed the 
upgrade of its diesel hydrotreater to enable it to process 
either 100% renewable or petroleum feedstocks. We 
distributed our renewable diesel from El Segundo to limited 
suppliers and retailers in California.
Renewable natural gas
We are developing renewable natural gas (RNG) projects that 
capture dairy methane that would otherwise be emitted to 
the atmosphere. This produces a valuable fuel with negative 
2030 targets*
100 mbd
renewable fuels production capacity
25 mmtpa
offsets business and CCUS 
150 mtpa†
hydrogen equity production capacity
* Accomplishing these ambitious targets depends on sufficient and substantial advances  
in technology, including the continuing progress of commercially viable technologies  
and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources; enabling policies and other actions by 
governing authorities, including those regarding subsidies, tax and other incentives as well 
as the granting of necessary permits; successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage 
and nature-based solutions; and availability and acceptability of cost-effective, verifiable 
carbon credits; and other uncertainties, as identified in the Forward-Looking Statements 
Warning and Other Disclaimers on page 59. For more information, see About This Report on 
pages 57–58 and Forward-Looking Statements Warning and Other Disclaimers on page 59. 
† Chevron’s target for hydrogen production capacity includes 
hydrogen created from a variety of feedstocks, including  
renewable power or fossil fuels with carbon capture and storage.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
20

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Chevron Australia New Energies Pty Ltd has invested with 
Carbon Sync to provide critical learning and insight related to 
the commercial and technical aspects of soil carbon projects. 
Through holistic management and regenerative farming 
practices, Carbon Sync aims to improve the soil’s ability to 
capture and sequester carbon.
hydrogen
Chevron has decades of knowledge and experience with 
hydrogen. We are developing a lower carbon hydrogen and 
ammonia business where Chevron can build competitive 
advantages over time. To develop a profitable, at-scale 
hydrogen business, we are pursuing commercial opportunities 
through collaborations that connect supply chains and 
advance technologies. Currently, Chevron has filed patent 
applications or holds granted patents on approximately  
20 inventions applicable to hydrogen development plans.
Utah, U.S.: Chevron has a majority interest in ACES Delta,  
LLC, a joint venture developing the Advanced Clean Energy  
Storage Project (ACES I) in Delta, Utah. Currently under 
construction, ACES I is designed to produce hydrogen, 
converted primarily from renewable energy, and store it in  
two salt caverns. The hydrogen will be dispatched to the 
anchor customer for use in specialized turbines to generate 
power when needed. ACES I is expected to start up in 2025. 
Gulf Coast, U.S.: Chevron is a founding member of the 
HyVelocity Hub, comprised of leading energy companies  
and organizations working to accelerate the development of 
hydrogen hubs in Texas, Southwest Louisiana and the U.S.  
Gulf Coast. HyVelocity Hub is one of seven hubs selected as  
a candidate for U.S. Department of Energy funding.
emerging technologies
Chevron has a long history of identifying and driving 
innovation through investments in emerging technologies, 
research and development, and university partnerships.  
We are currently exploring opportunities to commercialize 
the next generation of emerging technologies to grow our 
offering of lower carbon solutions.
Nevada, U.S.:  Chevron is invested in Baseload Capital,  
a private investment company focused on the development 
and operation of low- and medium-temperature geothermal 
and heat power assets. We also have a joint venture with 
Baseload’s U.S. subsidiary to develop geothermal projects in 
the United States, the first of these starting in Nevada.
carbon intensity on a lifecycle basis under the California Low 
Carbon Fuel Standard. We are evaluating opportunities to 
diversify our feedstock mix over time, which may include 
wastewater and landfill gas.
California, U.S.: Chevron and Brightmark LLC have formed 
Brightmark RNG Holdings LLC. The joint venture funds the 
construction of infrastructure and the commercial operation 
of dairy biomethane projects in multiple states. We purchase 
RNG from these projects and market the RNG volumes for  
use in vehicles operating on compressed natural gas (CNG).
U.S.: Chevron has acquired full ownership of Beyond6, LLC 
and its network of 56 CNG stations across the United States. 
With this acquisition, we can market the RNG we either 
produce or procure through a nationwide network of  
CNG locations.
carbon capture, utilization and storage  
and offsets
Chevron is working to develop and deploy carbon capture, 
utilization, and storage (CCUS) technologies. We see CCUS 
opportunities in two areas: lowering the carbon intensity of 
our existing assets and growing a CCUS business that helps 
reduce emissions of other industries.
We are growing a carbon offsets business to meet a range 
of internal and external needs. This includes investing in 
compliance markets where we are regulated.
Chevron established its offsets business and CCUS target 
based on a number of assumptions about future market, 
technology, and policy conditions, some of which are 
developing more slowly than expected. We will continue 
to evaluate this target while monitoring market conditions, 
customer demand, regulatory and policy frameworks, and the 
competitive landscape.
Texas, U.S.: Chevron is the operator of and has a 50% 
ownership interest in the Bayou Bend joint venture with 
TotalEnergies and Equinor. Bayou Bend is a carbon capture 
and storage (CCS) project along the Texas Gulf Coast. In early 
2023, the project was expanded to cover nearly 140,000 acres 
of geological formation both onshore and offshore.
Australia: Chevron Australia Pty Ltd operates Gorgon,  
which includes one of the world’s largest integrated CCS 
projects. Since the system started up in mid-2019 and  
through 2023, more than 9 million tonnes of CO2 emissions 
have been injected.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
21

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
protecting the 
environment
Photo: Chevron operates using environmental principles that define  
how we develop energy in an environmentally responsible manner.
environment ...............................................................................23
 air .............................................................................................24
 water .......................................................................................25
 waste ......................................................................................27
 biodiversity ...........................................................................29
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
22

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Strategy The environment strategy endeavors to  
further our ability to help protect and enhance biodiversity,  
manage waste generation and circularity, reduce air  
emissions, manage water resources and manage asset 
retirement requirements.
Risk management  The Environment Risk Management 
Process is our framework to identify, assess,  
mitigate and manage environmental risks through  - 
out an asset’s lifecycle.
our approach At Chevron, one of our priorities is to help protect the environment through responsible 
design, development, operations and retirement of assets. By considering potential environmental  
risks during planning, we aim to enhance our environmental performance around the world. We identify 
and manage safeguards designed to prevent or mitigate potential environmental impacts. The Operational 
Excellence Management System (OEMS) environment focus area promotes systematic consideration  
of business risks and environmental performance alongside stakeholder expectations.
environment
protecting the environment takes dedicated people, 
effective processes and leading technologies
stewarding environmental performance
the chevron way
operational excellence 
management system
environment strategy
environment risk  
management
Explains our beliefs, vision, purpose and values.  
It guides how we work and establishes a common 
understanding of our culture and aspirations.
Manages operational priorities, such as the environ - 
ment focus area.
Drives results in environmental performance across  
the enterprise.
Helps identify, assess and manage environmental  
risks and safeguards across an asset lifecycle.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
23

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
air
managing emissions from our operations
our approach Chevron seeks to identify and implement technologies and management practices related  
to the reduction of sulfur oxides (SOx), nitrogen oxides (NOx) and volatile organic compounds (VOCs).
managing air emissions
Chevron aims to:
• Standardize reporting to further improve accuracy of our 
enterprise air emissions inventories.
• Conduct comprehensive fenceline monitoring and air 
dispersion modeling to help understand air emissions 
sources, concentrations and types.
• Undertake both internal and external benchmarking of  
air emissions to better understand relative performance  
and identify key improvement opportunities.
• Share technologies and operation and maintenance 
practices across our operations that mitigate air emissions.
improving air emissions inventories
In 2023, we updated our air emissions reporting protocol  
to further improve the transparency and consistency  
of reporting across the enterprise. Chevron uses data to  
inform environmental performance ambitions, opportunities 
and risks at the enterprise and business unit levels. Data 
are used to balance management of operational needs and 
regulatory, community or other key stakeholder issues.
measuring air emissions
Advancements in detection and measurement continue  
to shape our approach as we aim to improve performance. 
Achieving effective measurement starts with designing 
and operating facilities to mitigate emissions and includes 
deploying technologies to validate performance, inform 
repairs and improve inventories.
Fenceline monitoring
California, U.S.: Consistent with local regulatory 
requirements, air quality data are collected and reported 
from stations along the Richmond and El Segundo refineries’ 
fencelines, providing near real-time data 24 hours a day. 
Fenceline monitoring is one of the tools used to understand 
local air quality. Since 2013, our refinery in Richmond has 
had an air monitoring program. Since 2020, our El Segundo 
Refinery has had a fenceline moni to ring program.  
To learn more, visit richmondairmonitoring.org  and 
elsegundo1180.com .
21%
decrease
 in nitrogen oxides emissions  
since 2019*
44%
decrease 
in volatile organic compounds  
emissions since 2019*
* Variations year-on-year or across multiple years of performance data may result from a variety of causes such as methodology updates, portfolio changes, economic conditions, and business 
performance and initiatives. Performance data are not a guarantee of future performance nor intended to be a demonstration of linear progress against aspirations, targets or objectives.  
See Environmental Performance, Air Quality, page 10 of 2023 Performance Data.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
24

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
water
stewarding water management
our approach Water is vital to our operations as we develop and supply energy around the world. We aim 
to drive efficient and responsible water use, reuse, recycling and conservation. Chevron recognizes that 
collaboration with the communities where we operate is important to strengthening water stewardship.
strengthening water stewardship
To advance our water stewardship, Chevron aims to:
• Evaluate, implement and maintain safeguards designed to 
prevent or mitigate potential impacts to the environment 
and surrounding communities, including potential impacts 
to water resources, throughout the lifecycle of our assets.
• Identify solutions to reduce water withdrawals for our 
operations, especially in high water stress areas.
• Assess water treatment technology solutions to mitigate 
potential wastewater-related impacts to the environment.
• Measure the effectiveness of our management practices, 
drive accountability within our operations and communicate 
performance to stakeholders.
• Build partnerships with stakeholders and participate in 
industry water resources initiatives to share best practices 
in water management and support the development of 
industry standards and related policy.
mapping our operations
We use the World Resources Institute (WRI) Aqueduct tool 
to map operated assets in water-stressed areas. In 2023, 
nine upstream facilities, three biorefineries, two oil refineries 
and one additives facility were located in areas of high or 
extremely high water stress, according to the WRI tool.  
To learn more, visit chevron.co/watermap .
percentage of total fresh water 
withdrawn in stressed  
vs. non-stressed areas in 2023*
33%
water- 
stressed 
areas
67%
water non- 
stressed areas
* Freshwater use in water-stressed areas increased in 2023 compared with 2022 due to a WRI Aqueduct tool update and operational changes. Does not include PDC Energy operations.  
See Environmental Performance, Water Management, page 10 of 2023 Performance Data. 
managing water
Chevron continues to identify solutions to reduce fresh 
water withdrawals from our operations, especially in high 
water stress areas. A project to detect and repair steam and 
condensate leaks increased energy and water use efficiency at 
our Richmond Refinery in California. At our Salt Lake Refinery 
in Utah, we replaced irrigated turfgrass with drought-tolerant 
landscaping to achieve a significant reduction in annual 
potable water use. At our northeast Colorado upstream 
operations, we continued capturing a portion of the produced 
water generated to recycle in ongoing well completion 
activities. Workshops and team sessions were also conducted 
within the California, Colorado, Kazakhstan and Utah 
operations to identify potential water reduction opportunities.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
25

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
social investment
New Mexico and Texas, U.S.: Chevron contributes funding 
and support to the Pecos Watershed Conservation  
Initiative, a public-private partnership that aims to restore 
and sustain the health of the Pecos River and its tributaries 
in the Permian Basin. The initiative is focused on habitat 
restoration and improving the management of grasslands, 
agricultural lands and riparian areas in the region.
“I’m proud to 
deliver projects 
with positive 
impacts for our 
business and the 
environment.” 
— Jacob Aronson
Strategic Planning Analyst
Permian Basin, U.S.: We continue to contribute to the 
development of technologies that treat produced water for 
potential reuse outside of the oil field. Through the Aris Water 
Solutions agreement, we are piloting an integrated produced 
water treatment to test a thermal desalination system. This will 
help us understand technologies to treat produced water for 
potential future beneficial reuse.
We are working to expand deployment of distributed fiber 
optic sensing (DFOS) leak detection technology on lay-flat 
pipelines in the Permian Basin. DFOS allows us to detect and 
pinpoint the location of leaks and threats to lay-flat integrity 
in real time, enabling the water team to identify and mitigate 
spills. Together with other spill prevention and mitigation 
measures, DFOS helped us achieve a 75% reduction in water 
spillage in 2023, compared with 2022.
evaluating technology solutions
Chevron assesses and evaluates water treatment solutions 
to help mitigate potential wastewater-related impacts to 
the environment and enhance produced water quality for 
beneficial reuse, when appropriate and permitted.
Eastern Mediterranean: The Leviathan natural gas  
platform installed an offshore membrane bioreactor to  
treat sanitary wastewater. This compact technology  
designed from a standard-size shipping container will  
help manage wastewater more efficiently.
to learn more, visit chevron.co/water
Most evenings you’ll find me exploring the stunning outdoors of  
the San Francisco Bay Area, home to the Richmond Refinery.  
At the refinery, I help lead our energy efficiency and water steward - 
ship initiatives. By bringing together operational and technical  
and specialist resources to explore complex opportunities, my  
team has improved efficiency and reduced water consumption.  
The Richmond Refinery uses approximately 5 million gallons  
of recycled water each day and has a long-standing focus on water 
stewardship. Working together, we have achieved energy and  
water use efficiency by optimizing refinery steam and condensate 
water systems.
Chevron has consistently supported my professional develop - 
ment. Over my 12-year career with Chevron, my work has spanned  
the United States, Nigeria and Kazakhstan. These experiences  
have shaped me as a person and have also equipped me with a wide 
range of capabilities. It is rewarding to use my cross-functional  
background to lead optimization and water conservation efforts  
at the refinery.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
26

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
waste
conducting waste management
our approach Chevron strives to implement business practices that improve waste management activities 
and reduce associated potential environmental, health and safety impacts. 
managing waste
To advance our waste stewardship, Chevron aims to:
• Identify and manage safeguards designed to  
protect the environment.
• Use third-party waste management facilities that  
meet our waste treatment and disposal criteria.
• Participate in trade groups and industry task forces  
focused on waste management.
• Advance circular economy and innovative waste 
management technologies through partnerships.
• Engage stakeholders and peers to share waste  
management best practices.
reducing plastic waste
Chevron U.S.A. Inc. is a co-owner of Chevron Phillips  
Chemical Company LLC (CPChem), a 50-50 joint venture. 
In 2023, CPChem published its 12th sustainability report, 
which includes outlining how the company is working to 
drive plastics circularity. To learn more, visit cpchem.com/
sustainability/sustainability-reporting .
Belgium: In 2023, the Chevron Belgium BV lubricants  
facility in Ghent began using a different type of “stretch  
foil,” a plastic film that stretches tight to wrap packaging.  
The facility used approximately 1.1 tonnes less plastic in  
2023. This resulted in an estimated 7% reduction over the  
year as compared with the previous plastic film usage.
Europe: In Europe, the carton liner bags used in the Texaco® 
Havoline PitPack® system contain 85% less plastic compared 
with the previous conventional plastic pails. The reduction  
also lessens energy consumption during manufacturing.
“You can always 
accomplish  
more together 
than you can  
as an individual.”
— Jelle Maes
Maintenance and  
Reliability Supervisor
to learn more, visit chevron.co/plastics
I tend to seek collaboration in all facets of my life. Whether I’m 
supporting the Ghent facility’s strategic initiatives or taking  
the field as a member of my local ultimate Frisbee® * club, my 
emphasis is always on the team. I believe effective teaming  
between operations and supply chain plays a role in delivering  
results the right way. 
Our plant’s adoption of a plastic waste reduction initiative is one  
team effort that I am proud to highlight. In 2023, the project  
resulted in a reduction of plastic film associated with packaging 
operations at the lubricants facility in Ghent.
I look forward to supporting my teammates by applying my  
recent resource efficiency certification. Together, we aim  
to identify additional waste reduction opportunities at our facility.
* Frisbee is a federally registered trademark of Wham-O Holding, Ltd.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
27

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
upcycling waste 
Chevron seeks to explore alternatives to improve circularity 
in its waste management by reusing, recycling or recovering 
materials previously destined for disposal.
Nigeria: Since 2021, one of the Chevron Nigeria Limited 
operations has been diverting incinerator ash destined for 
landfill disposal to a third-party waste management facility. 
The facility is processing the ash into base material for cement 
production. In 2023, the operation was able to begin diverting 
additional batches of ash, which had been stored onsite in 
anticipation of such waste upcycling opportunities.
social investment
Angola: Students from across Africa participated in  
the Chevron Engineering Leadership Program.  
The program ran for two weeks at the African Leader - 
ship Academy in South Africa. Participants were  
tasked with a “Waste to Wealth” design challenge to  
convert waste material into a useful product for a  
potential circular economy business.
The STEM-centric program delved into the engineering 
design process and focused on asking critical questions, 
solving problems and refining creative ideas. Prototypes 
were brought to life through 3D printing and laser- 
cutting technology. At the end, student teams presented 
their concepts for a circular economy business.
In addition to our financial support, Chevron waste 
engineering and management specialists shared 
experiences and helped guide students through project 
planning. A graduate of the academy, now employed  
at Chevron Angola, credits this program for inspiring their 
pursuit of a facilities engineering career.
remediating soil and groundwater 
We seek to promote long-term solutions and advance 
innovative technologies. Two such examples include 
enhancing natural processes to address soil and groundwater 
impacts and reducing the volume of materials that would 
require offsite disposal.
To address petroleum hydrocarbon impacts to groundwater, 
Chevron has developed and deployed bioremediation 
technologies. One such technology delivers sulfate to the 
remediation site to break down benzene in groundwater  
up to 10 times faster than natural means. In 2023, our insights 
on the sulfate delivery technology were published in  
L.U.S.T. Line, an underground storage tank publication that 
serves regulators and other external stakeholders.
California, U.S.:  At the Guadalupe Restoration Project site,  
construction of an onsite nonhazardous petroleum 
hydrocarbon-impacted soil management area (SMA) is 
underway. Nutrients will be used to enhance biodegradation 
of the petroleum hydrocarbon-impacted soil. Disposal of 
impacted soil to the SMA will eliminate haul truck trips  
to an offsite landfill. This will reduce emissions, offsite traffic 
congestion and potential safety concerns resulting from 
hauling the soil.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
28

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
biodiversity
working to protect biodiversity through  
our operating practices and innovative solutions
our approach Chevron works with communities, regulatory agencies, industry groups and conservation 
organizations to take action to help protect and enhance biodiversity.
stewarding biodiversity
We aim to help protect biodiversity by: 
• Identifying opportunities to manage potential risks  
in protected or sensitive areas through our screening  
for biodiversity.
• Using the mitigation hierarchy to avoid, reduce, restore  
or offset potential impacts to biodiversity across the 
lifecycle of our assets.
• Identifying potential opportunities to conserve and  
enhance biodiversity where we operate.
screening for biodiversity
At Chevron, we use tools and technologies to help us under-
stand potential impacts to biodiversity. The output from these 
tools and technologies helps provide insights and identify 
potential opportunities for improvement. During project 
planning stages, Chevron identifies measures designed to 
avoid or reduce potential impacts to biodiversity.
Our global geospatial database, which previously included 
only upstream onshore operations, has been expanded to 
include upstream offshore operations, downstream operations 
and major capital projects. The expanded database was used 
to screen our 2023 major operating sites and major capital 
projects against protected area and biodiversity datasets  
from the IBAT Alliance’s integrated biodiversity assessment 
tool. This tool is available to us through the Proteus Partner-
ship and includes the World Database on Protected Areas, the 
International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red 
List of Threatened Species and the World Database of Key 
Biodiversity Areas.
Australia: Our geospatial database helps us understand 
potential biodiversity impacts and benefits at the site level. 
Consistent with the 2022 results, screening of our major 
operating sites in 2023 identified one upstream onshore 
operating site, in Barrow Island, Australia, that is located 
within an IUCN I–IV* protected area. No upstream offshore  
or downstream major operating sites were identified in  
IUCN I–IV areas.
following mitigation processes
Our Environment Risk Management Process integrates the 
environmental mitigation hierarchy concept. The mitigation 
hierarchy is a sequence of considerations starting with  
the most effective mitigation measures. These considerations 
include avoidance, reduction, restoration and offsetting.
Preventive and remediative measures
To protect biodiversity during planning stages, Chevron 
prioritizes preventive measures to avoid or reduce potential 
impacts. Avoidance measures may include site selection, 
design and scheduling. Reduction measures may include 
physical, operational and abatement controls.
Chevron may also implement remediative measures,  
such as restoration and offsets, that may help achieve a net 
positive impact on local biodiversity. Restoration may include 
reestablishment of habitat types, biodiversity or ecosystem 
services. Offsets may include restoration offsets or averted 
loss offsets to compensate for biodiversity impacts.
* IUCN I –IV protected areas per IUCN definition, 2008 and 2013.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
29

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
endangered plant recovery
California, U.S.: La Graciosa thistle, a spiny wetland  
plant with white, lavender-tinged flowers, occurs only  
in coastal southern California. Listed as threatened at the  
state level, the thistle is a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 
(USFWS) endangered species. There are eight known 
locations where the thistle still occurs, and four of those 
locations are within our former Guadalupe oil field.
As part of our Guadalupe Restoration Project, we have 
reestablished nearly 24 acres of the thistle’s natural habitat 
and successfully transplanted approximately 1,135 thistles 
onsite. Over 2,800 thistles were grown at an onsite native  
seed nursery for local planting. In 2023, Chevron received a  
USFWS conservation award for outstanding stewardship 
of natural resources and our long-term dedication to thistle 
recovery efforts.
 
social investment
Colombia: At Chevron, we work with communities, 
regulatory agencies and conservation organizations to  
take measures designed to protect and enhance biodiversity  
in parts of the world where we operate. In 2023, the  
Chevron Petroleum Company provided funding to help 
Corales de Paz develop Energy Reefs, a project  
supporting the Reef Check citizen science program.
Reef Check educates communities on coral health and  
reef conservation and conducts monitoring and data 
collection expeditions. Approximately 5,600 square meters 
of coral reef were monitored in 2023, and two coral  
bleaching discoveries were shared with authorities to 
support conservation efforts.
Reef Check expeditions include local community members 
and environmental authorities, plus a Chevron volunteer. 
Chevron Colombia’s work on the Energy Reefs project was 
recognized with an Hechos de Sostenibilidad Award  
in the category of Alliances for Sustainable Development.
Since childhood, I have been passionate about environmental 
science and photography. The wonders of biology ignited a lifelong 
fascination, leading me to pursue a degree in biological science at  
the University of Buenos Aires.
In 2022, my interests converged when I was entrusted with leading 
the implementation of Chevron’s environmental risk assessment  
and management procedure in Argentina. This opportunity allowed 
me to impart expertise and creativity in developing the plant guide 
for Chevron’s El Trapial field in Argentina. The plant guide serves  
as an important tool when establishing environmental baselines for  
El Trapial. By the end of 2023, we had identified approximately   
230 species, including over 60 plants, 60 vertebrates and  
100 invertebrates.
I am proud to share that one of my photographs from El Trapial  
was selected as the cover photo for the 2024 Wildlife Habitat  
Council Calendar. This recognition not only validates our team’s 
dedication to capturing the beauty of our natural world but  
also highlights the importance of helping to preserve and protect 
wildlife habitats.
“I started 
photographing 
insects, and  
I discovered a  
new world.”
— Diego Alfonso Rosa
HSE Regulatory Coordinator
to learn more, visit chevron.co/biodiversity
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
30

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
empowering  
people
Photo: Our success is driven by a dedicated, diverse and highly skilled  
global workforce united by The Chevron Way.
safety and health ......................................................................32
people and culture....................................................................36
human rights ..............................................................................39
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
31

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Focus areas The workforce safety and health focus area 
assesses and manages risks and sets the foundation of  
a safe and healthy workplace for our workforce. The process  
safety, reliability and integrity focus area aims to manage  
the integrity of operating systems. It addresses design 
principles and engineering and operating practices to help 
prevent and mitigate process safety incidents.
Risk management  We apply consistent methodologies to 
identify, assess, prioritize and manage risks associated  
with work activities and process safety. Reliability programs 
are executed so that equipment, components and systems 
perform their required functions across the full asset lifecycle.
our approach Chevron aims to prevent fatalities, serious injuries and illnesses across our operations, 
eliminate high-consequence process safety incidents, and operate reliably. Through the Operational 
Excellence Management System, our leaders engage employees and contractors to build and sustain our 
safety culture, deliver performance and focus on preventing high-consequence incidents.
safety and health
improving safety in our operations and  
the health of our workforce and communities
workforce safety
Our recent safety performance has been unsatisfactory.  
In 2023, we experienced two fatalities and 20 serious injuries.
To improve, we have endorsed priority actions focused  
on a consistent and disciplined approach to executing work 
safely. Actions include refreshing our leaders’ fluency and 
roles in leading a strong safety culture, implementation 
of field-level assurances, and reinforcement of contractor 
competency expectations.
Leadership refresh
We conducted a safety culture survey of frontline workers  
to establish a baseline. The survey provided insights  
into current strengths as well as opportunities to improve 
safety systems, behaviors and performance.
Leadership-led sessions were held to reaffirm expected 
behaviors, reinvigorate our desired culture and  
influence performance outcomes. The enterprisewide  
sessions were designed for executives, managers  
and frontline supervisors.
0
5
10
15
20
25
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Number of 
serious injuries
Number of work-
related fatalities
13
2
13
1
21
2
20
5
20
2
Chevron safety performance
(Workforce)
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
32

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Field assurances
We believe identifying risk and keeping workers focused  
on safeguards can reduce the potential for serious injuries  
and fatalities. Our control of work process establishes a  
consis tent approach to maintaining safe gu ards and 
completing work safely. 
In 2023, we implemented a program to improve control  
of work fluency across our workforce. The program includes 
guidance on work planning and field engagements, along  
with protocols to assure effective control of work implemen-
tation. We are also adopting the International Oil & Gas  
Producers (IOGP) Start-Work Checks as an industry-generated  
guide to verify safeguards before starting high-consequence 
work. The Start-Work Checks can be accessed in multiple 
languages by workers in the field using a digital app.
Competency expectations
Chevron has a Contractor Operational Excellence Manage -
ment (COEM) process to establish clear responsibility and 
accountability for safety, promote active partnership,  
and provide a consistent approach to high-consequence work.
To reinforce expectations with our contractors, we have 
integrated a competency program into the COEM process 
requirements, including contractor screening and assessment 
tools. The program requires that contract workers are trained, 
qualified and verified as competent to perform the work, 
with a focus on contractors who perform high-consequence 
work. The program evaluates the effectiveness of contractors’ 
programs and training before they are hired and continues 
throughout their work. 
Technology
In 2023, Chevron evaluated technologies to improve 
worker safety. For example, mobiWAN is an ears-free bone 
conduction audio device. Several Chevron field sites have 
deployed this technology to enhance two-way communication 
in high-noise environments without having to remove  
hearing protection.
Chevron Environmental Site Assessment Robot (CESAR) is 
a semiautonomous robot being developed to help workers 
assess a variety of environmental conditions from afar, 
avoiding contact with potential hazards. CESAR can be 
equipped with an array of sensors to evaluate different types 
of contaminants in air or soil. In 2023, CESAR visited several 
sites around the world to field-test its sensors and mobility 
against varying conditions and terrains.
Emergency management
In times of emergency, the ability to communicate quickly  
with the workforce is critical. Chevron’s emergency notification  
system is used to send information to Chevron personnel 
who may be affected by an event or involved in the response. 
The system is tested to verify our ability to contact affected 
employees during emergency events.
“I am proud  
to represent an 
organization 
that prioritizes 
everyone going 
home safely.”
— Luis Nieto
HSE Projects Advisor
to learn more, visit chevron.co/safety
I joined Chevron near my hometown of Odessa in West Texas. 
Chevron supported the Instrumentation and Automation Program 
that I studied at Odessa College.
As part of the Health Safety and Environment Special Projects team 
in the Permian Basin, I support early field adoption efforts of an 
industry-standardized Start-Work Check tool. The tool’s adoption 
at our site aims to help frontline workers identify whether relevant 
safeguards are in place and functioning prior to performing a task. 
To promote consistent use and understanding among our employees 
and contractors in the Permian Basin, we translated the tool into a 
regional dialect used by the local Spanish-speaking population.  
We collaborated with Somos, Chevron’s Latin American and Hispanic 
employee network, to complete the translation.
Since joining Chevron eight years ago, the learning and development 
opportunities provided have been fundamental to my career 
progression. I take considerable pride in being the first male in my 
family to earn a bachelor’s degree. 
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
33

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Safeguard assurance
At Chevron, we verify and validate that safeguards designed 
to prevent high-consequence incidents have been put in place 
and assure that the safeguards remain effective over time.
In 2023, a team was formed to accelerate the rigor and 
consistency of safeguard assurance across our operations.  
The team gathered and evaluated assurance data and  
worked with internal experts to develop rigorous safeguard 
assurance protocols for pressure relief devices, alarms and 
instrumented protective systems. This effort helps to enhance 
assurance consistency, quality and workforce competency.
process safety
Chevron remains focused on consistent and disciplined 
execution and maintenance of safeguards to help prevent 
process safety incidents. We reinforce a healthy sense  
of vulnerability throughout the workforce.
Tier 1 Loss of Containment (LOC) events are one of our key 
performance indicators to assess process safety performance. 
In 2023, we experienced 17 Tier 1 LOC events, which repre- 
sents an improvement over the previous two years.
Chevron safety performance
(Process)
Safety fundamentals
Chevron is a member of IOGP and participates in several  
of its committees. The safety committee includes an 
expert group that helped develop IOGP’s process safety 
fundamentals, basic principles that reinforce good operating 
practices and aim to prevent serious injuries and fatalities  
and losses of containment.
Informed by an IOGP review of incident data over a 10-year 
period, the fundamentals are designed to support those 
working in frontline operations, in maintenance and on  
wells teams. Our business units are adopting and deploying  
the fundamentals as industry-standard tools to improve  
safety performance.
Integrity and reliability
We manage the integrity of operating systems through  
design principles and engineering and operating practices 
to help prevent and mitigate process safety incidents. We 
execute reliability programs so that equipment, components 
and systems perform their required functions across the  
full asset lifecycle.
Asset lifecycle
Our Facilities Integrity and Reliability Management pro  gr am 
outlines the expectations to manage lifecycle asset integrity 
and reliability. This system of standards, instructions and 
guide lines helps to safeguard assets by the completion of 
inspections, tests and preventative maintenance tasks.  
The scalable program, which also covers supplier-owned  
and -operated equipment, aims to identify and mitigate 
equipment conditions that could lead to loss of containment 
and high-consequence process safety events.
0
10
20
30
40
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023
Number of Tier 1 events
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
34

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
social investment
Colorado, U.S.: Mental health is essential for overall 
wellness. We invest in local community programs that 
provide resources and expertise to individuals and 
families seeking help. Started in May 2023 during National 
Mental Health Awareness Month, the Youth Resilience 
Program provides mental wellness resources to Colorado 
communities. Through support of behavioral and  
mental health foundations and public broadcasting,  
parents and caregivers can access videos, a social  
media toolkit and other online resources to help children 
develop skills and resiliency to deal with challenges.
community health
Private sector partnerships can help address factors that 
affect health, such as income barriers, social determinants, 
education, housing and access to health care. Through  
our partnerships, we bring global experience, leadership and 
financial resources to assist in addressing the health risks 
having the greatest potential impact in the communities  
where we operate.
Chevron partners with Friends of the Global Fight  
Against AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria, whose goals are to 
end related epidemics and build stronger health systems. 
We are a member of and co-chair its Private Sector Advisory 
Council (PSAC). In 2023, the PSAC convened on several 
occasions, including a session on how innovation can help 
accelerate health access and equity in Africa. Chevron 
participated in discussions with local innovators and with 
representatives from government, civil society and academia. 
Conclusions influenced a report on how digitizing health 
care demand and supply in Africa may help free resources to 
accelerate wider and more equitable access to care.
workforce health
We care about our employees’ health and well-being in  
all its forms – physical, mental, social – so they can lead full 
lives on and off the job. We seek to secure long-term benefits 
for our workforce through our culture of health. Our Health 
& Medical team considers health equity when assessing 
workforce health strategies and in supporting prevention, 
education and treatment.
Enterprise health index
We engage our employees to help us assess how well  
we are supporting workforce health and encouraging  
healthy behaviors.
Our Enterprise Health Index collects organizational health 
measurements annually over eight different dimensions 
to help us identify opportunities to adapt and improve 
our culture of health. Overall, trends have improved from 
pandemic lows, including scores in our organizational 
commitment to health and individual well-being.
Global wellness programs
Mental health and emotional well-being programs  
are offered around the world, with resources available to 
employees and their families.
Chevron’s global wellness program, Healthy You, empowers 
employees to take control of their health and well-being 
by learning how personal choices regarding diet, exercise, 
tobacco use and work-life balance influence health. In the  
United States and Canada, employees and adult dependents 
have access to a coaching resource that promotes proactive 
mental health, inclusion and belonging.
Workplace
Australia: After moving into a new headquarters, Chevron 
Australia’s entire Perth-based workforce is together in a single 
location for the first time in a decade. Designed with inclusivity 
and technology at the forefront, the flexible workplace also 
takes a biophilic–focused approach to health and well-being. 
Thousands of plants are installed throughout the building, 
and floor-to-ceiling windows provide natural light and views 
of the nearby river and parklands. Artwork publicly displayed 
celebrates the Whadjuk people’s culture, traditions and 
connection to the waterfront.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
35

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
our approach At Chevron, we believe human ingenuity has the power to solve any challenge  
and overcome any obstacle. Together, the people of Chevron work in pursuit of a common purpose:  
to provide the affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy that enables human progress.
Strategy Our people strategy seeks to engage the full 
potential of our employees to deliver the future of energy.  
A compelling employee experience supports the pursuit  
of meaningful careers. We aspire to achieve this by attracting 
and retaining talent, strengthening core and emerging  
skills, and advancing our culture through the three pillars of 
worker, workforce and workplace.
Culture We promote a culture that values a diversity  
of perspectives, productive dialogue and teaming.  
We also promote resources for good health, well-being  
and work-life balance. We develop leaders to sustain  
and strengthen our culture for the future.
people and culture
investing in people and fostering a culture of inclusion
worker
At Chevron, we seek to attract and retain talent to build  
high-performing teams in critical areas of our business.  
By engaging their full potential, we aim to develop  
employees and inspiring leaders who are held to a common 
standard of behavior and integrity.
Talent pipeline
In 2023, United States university student acceptance rates 
remained in line with our historical percentages. Of those 
offered full-time employment, 76% accepted, and of  
those offered an internship, 70% accepted.
Employee engagement
Chevron regularly conducts employee surveys to assess  
the health of the company culture. Our surveys indicate  
high levels of employee engagement, an indicator of 
willingness to invest energy toward positive organizational 
out comes. Our survey frequency helps us understand 
employee sentiment throughout the year and gain insights 
into employee well-being.
workforce
We support every employee’s pursuit of a career that’s right 
for them. Various career paths, learning opportunities and 
mentoring programs are offered to promote skill development 
and high performance. 
Energy transition fluency
Chevron provides lower carbon and energy transition fluency 
and skill-building resources for our workforce. Developed 
internally using in-house expertise, learning sessions  
are available to employees via our online learning platform.
annual surveys
indicate employees are increasingly positive  
about their career development opportunities
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
36

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
“Shared 
experience helps 
build trust.”
— Zach Yearous
Operations Advisor
Over the past 18 years, I have worked across the oil and gas  
industry on assets throughout their lifecycle, from design to 
decommissioning. I like to say that I have “well to sell” experience. 
Most recently, I worked as a foreman at our Central Gathering  
Facility in Colorado. As a hands-on learner, I discovered my career 
path during the summer of 2006. After high school, I worked on  
an oil rig in the Denver-Julesburg Basin – a region I knew well 
from growing up in Colorado. I found myself drawn to the oil and 
gas industry’s dynamic environment. It continuously presents 
opportunities to learn, grow and adapt.
My career, much like our industry, has continued to evolve.  
In 2023, I led efforts to provide business units with practical ideas  
to reduce methane intensity. My real-world experience helps  
me relate to fellow operations and maintenance folks as we work  
to implement our enterprise methane reduction strategy.
to learn more, visit chevron.co/learning_development
Supervisor training
In 2023, we focused on supervisor development. The training 
is based on business needs and aligned with industry trends, 
new technologies and new ways of learning. We aim to help 
supervisors develop skills for meeting their responsibilities, 
enriching performance and career development conversations,  
and enhancing mindsets and behaviors.
Leadership programs
Chevron offers leadership programs to encourage professional 
development. In recognition of the diverse backgrounds of 
our global employee base, we believe inclusive leadership 
development enhances performance and innovation. In 2023,  
nearly 90 Chevron employees participated in the Global  
Women’s Leadership Development Program and Transforma -
tional Leadership® for Multicultural Women. These programs 
provide forums to discuss headwinds, advance professional 
growth and foster a more inclusive work environment.
Somos, Chevron’s Latin American and Hispanic  
employee network, held their first Latina Summit, with  
over 930 employees attending. The summit focused  
on inspiring and empowering Latina employees to reach  
their full potential.
We offer one-on-one and small-group coaching sessions 
designed to improve the effectiveness of our leaders.  
Since its launch in 2020, this coaching initiative has  
reached nearly 4,500 frontline supervisors, managers and 
individual contributors in 57 countries and 22 languages.
workplace
We advance our safety and inclusion culture by continuing  
to shape a workplace environment where a commitment  
to integrity and ingenuity endures. Chevron aims to provide 
employees a safe, inclusive community, no matter who  
they are, what they do or where they work.
Chevron develops workplaces, tools and technologies that  
are designed for productivity and problem-solving.  
We invest in digital technologies that support flexibility, 
collaboration and learning. Offices are designed to foster 
human connection and spark ingenuity – places that  
make the employee feel they want to come to work and  
help them get the job done.
Inclusion
In 2023, Chevron’s ENABLED (ENhancing ABilities and 
LEveraging Disabilities) employee network chapters around 
the world collaborated to host their inaugural summit. 
Employees from more than 30 countries participated in this 
first-ever, two-day event designed to amplify the contri-
butions, knowledge and experiences of people affected or 
otherwise touched by disabilities.
employee resource group  
of the year ENABLED 
was recognized by Disability:IN for our  
programming and practices that  
promote disability awareness and education
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
37

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
social investment
Australia: Chevron recognizes that STEM education  
plays an important role in advancing innovation, research 
and technology. We support teacher training programs 
to inspire the next generation of scientists, engineers and 
problem-solvers.
Chevron Australia is funding a three-year program to help 
primary and secondary school teachers embed Aboriginal 
and Torres Strait Islander scientific knowledge into their 
STEM curriculum. Implemented by the Commonwealth 
Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, the program 
provides training and resources for teachers and schools  
in the Pilbara region.
The program is being developed in collaboration with 
regional schools and communities. Indigenous-led 
knowledge sharing includes traditional water filtration 
techniques, exploring the cultural and ecological value of 
mangrove systems, and uses for native plants.
our racial equity strategy
Chevron continues its efforts to support the Black community 
in the United States. We address barriers to equity through 
community partnerships, talent and leadership development, 
education and job creation.
Hiring
Chevron actively recruits interns and employees from 
historically Black colleges and universities. Since 2022,  
50 students have accepted internships and 17 have  
accepted full-time positions. 
Community partnership
In 2023, Chevron and Fab Foundation partnered with two 
historically Black universities, Fort Valley State University  
and Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University. The part - 
nership delivered digital fabrication programs and equipment 
to communities in middle Georgia and Tallahassee, Florida. 
This included Fab Labs, small-scale workshops equipped with 
a suite of digital fabrication and rapid prototyping machines 
such as 3D printers.
Leadership development
Through our four-year agreement with The Executive 
Leadership Council, Chevron has sponsored leadership 
development training for over 135 employees, with nearly  
40 attending in 2023.
advancing our supplier diversity
Chevron aims to support a diverse and inclusive supply  
chain – one that is reflective of the communities where we live 
and work. We believe a diverse supply chain contributes to  
our success and growth.
In 2023, Chevron maintained its long-standing partnerships 
with nonprofit organizations that have helped thousands  
of diverse businesses grow. Among others, these include the 
National Minority Supplier Development Council, the  
Women’s Business Enterprise National Council and the 
National LGBT Chamber of Commerce.
We successfully deployed a new registration portal for 
prospective small and diverse companies. We also collabo -
rated with existing suppliers to better understand their 
utilization of small and diverse companies to support our 
supply chain.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
38

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
our approach Chevron’s commitment to respecting human rights is embodied in our Human  
Rights Policy, The Chevron Way, our Operational Excellence Management System and our Business  
Conduct and Ethics Code. 
human rights
enabling human progress begins with respecting human rights
Policy Chevron’s Human Rights Policy provides a framework 
for identifying and managing potential human rights impacts 
across the enterprise and throughout the lifecycle of our 
projects. The policy is shaped around groups of stakeholders 
most relevant to our business and operations: employees, 
communities, security, suppliers and contractors, and other 
business partners.
Risk management  Management of human rights issues at 
Chevron is based on the totality of our efforts. Our corporate 
policies, management processes, community investment 
programs, participation in voluntary initiatives and efforts 
to gain cross-functional input on human rights matters 
are intended to complement each other and reinforce our 
commitment to respecting human rights. 
chevron human rights policy
The implementation of our policy fosters greater awareness  
of human rights issues throughout the company.
suppliers and 
contractors
We expect our suppliers  
and contractors to  
respect human rights 
and adhere to applicable 
international principles.
communities
We commit to regularly 
engage communities  
near our operational  
and project areas in 
meaningful conversations.
security
We protect personnel  
and assets and provide a 
secure environment for 
business operations.
other business 
partners
We encourage our  
customers and business  
partners to respect  
human rights and to  
adhere to applicable 
international principles.
employees
We treat all employees  
with respect and dignity  
and promote diversity  
in the workplace.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
39

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
employees
As reflected in The Chevron Way and our policies, we treat 
all of our employees with respect and dignity and promote 
diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Our company  
policies and procedures adhere to all applicable domestic  
laws, and we commit to respecting human rights as set  
out in the International Labour Organization Declaration  
on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. These rights 
include freedom of association and collective bargaining, 
nondiscrimination, and the elimination of forced labor  
and underage workers in the workplace.
For example, our enterprise labor relations policy is focused 
on constructive partnership with our employees and, where 
present, the unions that represent them. It also accounts 
for workers’ rights to freedom of association and collective 
bargaining. Our labor relations guidance provides a fit-
for-purpose approach for addressing and managing labor 
concerns consistent with The Chevron Way, the business unit’s 
strategies and plans, and applicable laws and regulations.
Workplace diversity
At Chevron, we promote workplace diversity and treat our 
employees with respect and dignity. As part of efforts to 
increase hiring diversity, Chevron is expanding the number  
of countries from which we historically recruit. In addition  
to participation in career and recruitment events, we also 
support career development groups such as the non - 
profit Women Offshore Foundation. The foundation helps  
com panies and their employees with mentorship and  
career development opportunities.
According to the International Maritime Organization,  
women make up only 1.2% of the global mariner workforce. 
The percentage of women in the Chevron mariner work- 
 force is double that amount, and we are working to further  
increase this number. We are proud that nearly 20% of  
our newly recruited cadets are women, an increase  
from 12 women recruits in 2021 to 23 in 2023. Additionally,  
Chevron Transport Corporation Limited has recruited 
experienced women mariners from outside the oil and  
gas industry.
I have always been fascinated by the long and rich history  
of partnership between Chevron and the Richmond, California, 
community. For more than a hundred years, this partnership  
has evolved through our efforts to build trust and collaboration.  
In my role at the Richmond Refinery, I work with community 
stakeholders to understand their needs and priorities and to  
identify opportunities for partnership and education that  
contribute to environmental, economic and social well-being.
I grew up in a city similar to Richmond, with cultural diversity and 
large industrial plants. I saw firsthand the value that comes with 
building trust within the community. That experience taught  
me the importance of giving a voice to those who feel unheard 
and working together for positive change. After I finished my 
undergraduate studies, I was motivated to pursue a career in 
advocacy. I wanted to use my skills and experience to help create  
win-win solutions for industry and the community.
One of the most rewarding events that our team helped organize  
in 2023 was the “Community Tour Day.” We hosted several  
hundred people from the surrounding area to take educational  
bus tours of the Richmond Refinery. It was a great way to  
show members of the community our operations and the safety 
measures we have in place across the refinery. We had the 
opportunity to listen to the community’s perspectives and  
concerns and to answer their questions. I believe events like this 
strengthen our relationship with the community.
“Advocating for 
positive change  
is in my DNA.”
— Hakim Johnson
Public Affairs Representative
to learn more, visit chevron.co/community_engagement
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
40

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
security
We conduct our operations and execute projects consistent 
with the Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights.  
These principles guide companies in their engagements 
with security providers on respecting human rights in the 
protection of company facilities and premises.
Voluntary Principles
Chevron supports the implementation of responsible security 
practices throughout the industry and across other related 
human rights forums, such as Voluntary Principles Initiative 
In-Country Working Groups and the Ipieca Responsible 
Security Task Force. To commemorate International Human 
Rights Day and reiterate Chevron’s expectations, including 
alignment with the Voluntary Principles, Chevron’s Chief 
Procurement Officer and Vice President of Corporate Affairs 
sent a letter to several hundred key suppliers and contractors, 
including security providers.
communities
The OEMS puts into action our Chevron Way value of 
protecting people and the environment. We operationalize 
our commitment to respecting human rights in communities 
through the stakeholders focus area.
Since 2021, stakeholder and human rights-related safeguards 
and practices have been formally audited across 24 business 
units. Specific actions have been identified to continue 
improving the design, effectiveness and execution of these 
safeguards and practices.
Engaging during decommissioning
Chevron works to interact with Indigenous communities  
in a way that respects their history, culture and customs.  
We engage communities and other stakeholders in  
meaningful discussions and planning where there may be  
asset retirement.
California, U.S.: Chevron established the West Coast 
Decommissioning Program in 2017 to retire five oil platforms 
and related onshore processing facilities and pipelines.  
One facility, the Carpinteria Gas Plant, resides on land formerly 
known as the Chumash village of Mishopshno.
Public agencies leading remediation projects on such 
historical sites are generally required to offer consultation to 
tribes that are traditionally and culturally affiliated with the 
area. While the city of Carpinteria’s environmental reporting 
and decommissioning permitting is underway, Chevron  
has opted to voluntarily engage with additional bands of the 
tribe that are not directly consulting with the city.
Engagement began in 2022 and continued in 2023, with 
assistance from Strategic Earth Consulting, specialists  
in Tribal community relationship building. Early and ongoing 
dialogue includes roundtables and listening sessions, one-
on-one conversations, site visits, and knowledge sharing with 
Tribal leaders. We believe early engagement helps us better 
understand Chumash heritage and the bands’ priorities and 
potential impacts to sensitive locations and artifacts.
social investment
Kazakhstan: Chevron engages governments and the 
communities where we operate to understand community 
needs. As part of planned project work Tengizchevroil  
LLP (TCO), a nonoperated joint venture, is implementing  
a phased demobilization of thousands of workers  
and contractors. 
Continuing its efforts to support the community, including 
during the demobilization, TCO is sponsoring training 
programs on entrepreneurial skills. Some training program 
participants have started their own businesses. TCO is  
also sharing information through local media to educate  
the public on labor rights and how to start a new business.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
41

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
getting results 
the right way
Photo: Independent Director Dambisa Moyo engages with  
Chevron Technical Center Vice President Balaji Krishnamurthy  
during a Board site visit.
governance .................................................................................43
lobbying .......................................................................................47
technology ................................................................................. 50
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
42

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Strategy Chevron’s Board of Directors is committed to strong 
corporate governance structures and practices that help 
Chevron achieve business results the right way. Elements of 
strategy are discussed at every regular Board meeting, as well 
as at meetings of the Board’s Committees. At least one Board 
meeting each year is primarily dedicated to strategy. To assess 
performance against the plan, the Board receives regular 
updates on progress and execution and provides oversight 
and direction throughout the year. Meetings also include 
updates from external subject matter experts on a range of 
issues pertinent to Chevron’s strategy.
Risk management  Board members regularly consider  
critical risk topics as part of their oversight responsibility. 
Annually, through Chevron’s Enterprise Risk Management 
process, they review market, operational, political,  
financial, cybersecurity and other types of risks inherent  
in our business and oversee the safeguards and mitigations 
that are put in place. An executive from the Enterprise 
Leadership Team owns each risk category identified by our 
Enterprise Risk Management process. Potential sustainability-
related risks are integrated into multiple Enterprise Risk 
Management categories.
our approach Our Board of Directors oversees and guides Chevron’s business and affairs. As part of its 
role, the Board oversees strategy and risk management policies, processes and practices that are applied 
throughout the company.
governance
creating value for our stockholders
board-level committees
The Board has four standing Committees, all composed 
entirely of independent Directors: Audit, Board Nominating 
and Governance, Management Compensation, and Public 
Policy and Sustainability. Each Committee fulfills important 
responsibilities to assist the Board’s oversight of risks with  
the goal of building long-term stockholder value. The Board 
also oversees Chevron’s strategic and business planning 
process and related climate and sustainability matters.
executive committee
The Executive Committee comprises corporate officers and 
is chartered by the Board of Directors to carry out policies in 
managing the company’s business. The Executive Committee 
has two subcommittees, the Enterprise Leadership Team 
and the Global Issues Committee. Each specializes in various 
matters important to the company, including strategy and 
climate and sustainability matters. To learn more, visit 
chevron.co/governance.
“First and foremost, the Board is 
dedicated to affirming that Chevron 
maintains a high level of integrity, 
transparency and accountability.”
— Dr. Wanda Austin 
Lead Independent Director
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
43

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Chevron’s governance structure relevant  
to sustainability-related matters
* Chaired by Chairman of the Board. 
† Chaired by Chief Executive Officer.
Board-level committees composed  
of non-employee directors
Assists the Board in 
overseeing accounting 
and financial reporting 
processes, including:
•  Internal controls over 
fin
ancial reporting
•  Relationship with 
i
ndependent auditor
•  Implementation and 
e
ffectiveness of  
compliance programs
•  Financial risk management
•  Cybersecurity risks  
as they relate to financial  
risk exposures
•  Sustainability and climate 
c
hange risks as they relate 
to financial risk exposures
•  O perational Excellence  
audit and assurance
Assists the Board in 
overseeing governance 
practices and processes, 
including:
•  Board succession planning
•  Board skills, experiences 
an
d qualifications
•  Stockholder engagement 
pr
ogram (in conjunction 
with PPSC)
•  Board, Committee and 
D
irector evaluation process
•  Governance policies  
an
d practices
Assists the Board in 
overseeing compensation 
programs and practices, 
including:
•  Executive retention and 
d
iversity strategies  
and supporting processes
•  Compensation program 
d
esign and goals
•  Alignment of compensation 
w
ith stockholders’ interests, 
including those related 
to sustainability and 
climate change risks and 
opportunities
Assists the Board in 
overseeing policy issues 
and potential risks in areas 
such as:
•  Environmental matters, 
i
ncluding those related  
to sustainability and  
climate change
•  Legislative and regulatory 
i
nitiatives
•  Community relations
•  Political contributions and 
l
obbying
•  Chevron’s global reputation
•  Stockholder engagement 
pr
ogram (in conjunction 
with BNGC)
audit committee (AC)
board of directors*
board nominating and  
governance committee (BNGC)
management compensation 
committee (MCC)
public policy and sustainability  
committee (PPSC)
Committees of executive officers  
operating under direction of the Board executive committee† (EC)
enterprise leadership 
team† (ELT)
global issues committee  
(GIC)
investors
Manages the composition, resource 
allocation and strategic direction of  
Chevron’s portfolio in the following areas:
•  Operational Excellence
•  Performance improvement
•  Energy transition
•  Enterprise Risk Management process
•  Market and price forecasts
R
eceives briefings on these topics from 
internal subject matter experts and consults 
with outside experts to discuss energy 
transition and climate change issues.
Oversees management of sustainability  
issues and practices, including:
•  Energy transition
•  Lobbying and trade association activity
•  ESG reporting
• 
Revenue and tax transparency
•  Human capital management
•  Human rights
R
eceives regular updates on these issues  
from internal subject matter experts in 
advance of quarterly meetings.
Additionally, events may be handled via ad hoc, cross-functional Crisis Management and Issue Management  
teams, which report regularly to members of the ELT and, if appropriate, provide updates to the Board.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
44

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
board composition
Coming from various industries and backgrounds, our Board members bring diverse skills, experience and expertise.  
Their range of knowledge and experience spans operational, environmental, policy, regulatory and geographical arenas.  
New members are added, as appropriate, to refresh the Board.
skills, experiences 
and expertise
board tenure, diversity  
and independence
director
CEO/senior 
executive/
leader of 
significant 
operations
science/
technology/
engineering/
research/ 
academia
government/
regulatory/
legal/
public policy
finance/
financial 
disclosure/
financial 
accounting
global 
business/
international 
affairs
environ-  
mental
leading  
business 
transfor-  
mation tenure* age †
gender 
diversity
race/
ethnicity 
diversity independent
Wanda M. 
Austin 7.5 69 F
Black/
African 
American
John B. Frank 6.6 67 M White
Alice P. Gast 11.5 65 F White
Enrique 
Hernandez, Jr. 15.5 68 M Hispanic/
Latino
Marillyn A. 
Hewson 3.4 70 F White
Jon M. 
Huntsman Jr. 3.7 64 M White
Charles W. 
Moorman 12.0 72 M White
Dambisa F. 
Moyo 7.6 55 F Black/
African
Debra Reed-
Klages 5.5 67 F White
D. James 
Umpleby III 6.2 66 M White
Cynthia J. 
Warner 2.0 65 F White
Michael K. 
Wirth 7.3 63 M White
total/avg. 83% 75% 83% 100% 92% 75% 75% 7.4 66 50% 25% 92%
* Tenure as of May 29, 2024. Mr. Huntsman previously served on Chevron’s Board from January 2014 to September 2017 but resigned to 
serve as U.S. Ambassador to Russia. For purposes of calculating tenure going forward, we include only his current term.
† Age as of April 10, 2024.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
45
• • • • • • • 
• • • • • • 
• • • • • • 
• • • • • • 
• • • • • • • • 
• • • • • • 
• • • • • • • 
• • • • • • 
• • • • • • • • 
• • • • • • • 
• • • • • • • 
• • • • • • • 
skills, experiences 
and expertise
skills, experiences 
and expertise
skills, experiences 
and expertise
skills, experiences 
and expertise
skills, experiences 
and expertise
skills, experiences 
and expertise
board tenure, diversity  
and independence
board tenure, diversity  
and independence
board tenure, diversity  
and independence
board tenure, diversity  
and independence

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
compliance and training
Developed from The Chevron Way principles, our Business 
Conduct and Ethics Code communicates expectations for 
ethical business conduct. The Code reinforces our compliance 
commitment and the responsibility of each employee to  
help Chevron’s activities adhere to legal and policy require -
ments everywhere we operate. To access the Code, visit 
chevron.co/code.
Chevron maintains internal accounting, administrative and 
operational controls to manage these standards of conduct 
and compliance. Chevron employees and contractors  
receive training on Chevron’s Business Conduct and Ethics 
Code every three years. This training was last assigned 
enterprisewide in 2022, with a completion rate of 97%.
Compliance program
Our compliance program addresses detailed compliance 
requirements on many important subjects, including  
anticorruption, internal controls, international trade,  
antiboycott, operational excellence, data privacy and  
competition law. For each subject, senior-level Chevron 
leaders provide risk-based guidance on the company’s 
compliance requirements and training.
We take pride that our employees are constantly mindful  
of the company’s stringent compliance requirements.  
In that spirit, Corporate Compliance issues a quarterly  
award celebrating meaningful efforts to do business the  
right way.
Chevron Hotline
The Chevron Hotline is for use when someone suspects 
that anyone in Chevron, or at our affiliates, has violated any 
company policy or local laws or has information on any activity 
that could damage the company’s reputation. The hotline 
is available in multiple languages for anonymous reporting, 
where permitted by law. Chevron does not tolerate any form 
of retaliation for reports made in good faith. Retaliation 
includes blatant actions, such as firing, transferring, demoting 
or publicly undermining someone, as well as more subtle 
actions, such as avoiding someone or excluding them from 
professional or social activities. It includes actions taken  
by managers and employees alike. To access the hotline,  
visit chevronhotline.com .
tax and transparency
Our approach to tax matches our efforts globally to  
conduct our business legally, responsibly and with integrity. 
Our business operations, including the location of natural 
resources, drive where we generate earnings and pay 
taxes. In applying tax rules and regulations, we employ high 
ethical standards and comply with tax requirements in every 
jurisdiction where we operate.
As part of contributing to the communities where we work  
and live, we create jobs, develop and source from local 
suppliers, give back through social investment, and pay taxes 
in full and on time. Over the past decade, we have reported  
in our financial statements over $53 billion in current income 
tax expense and over $42 billion in nonincome tax expense 
(e.g., property taxes, severance taxes and payroll taxes).  
In 2023 alone, we had total income tax expense of $8.2 billion. 
Our Approach to Tax and Transparency report illustrates  
how we embed principled tax practices in our business.  
To read the report, visit chevron.co/taxes.
24/7 chevron hotline
is available for reporting  
existing and potential violations  
of law or company policy
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
46

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
our approach Lobbying is an important way for Chevron to participate in the political process.  
In the United States, Chevron engages with executive and legislative branches of federal, state and  
local governments to provide perspective on energy issues affecting the nation and the world.  
Chevron strives to maintain positive, constructive relationships with policymakers and their staffs.  
In our engagements, we talk about the economy, regulations, energy security, foreign policy, research  
and energy development. Chevron also works with trade associations to advocate for effective,  
responsible and nonpartisan standards, regulations and energy policies.
lobbying
participating in the political process
oversight
Chevron has both executive management and Board over - 
sight of lobbying and trade association activities. The Public 
Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) has primary 
responsibility for assisting Chevron’s Board of Directors  
in overseeing lobbying policy and reporting, as well as  
Chevron’s response to stockholder concerns regarding such 
activities. The PPSC annually reviews the policies, procedures 
and expenditures related to the company’s lobbying to  
assess the value of these activities and alignment with 
Chevron’s positions and interests, including those related  
to sustainability. 
lobbying activities
Lobbying activities, in the United States and elsewhere, are 
highly regulated. Each jurisdiction sets forth regulations 
and establishes the policies and guidelines associated with 
reporting and disclosure. Chevron has an effective program  
to comply with all laws and regulations, including complete 
and timely lobbying registration and reporting. Prior to 
engaging in lobbying activities, employees must obtain 
guidance from Chevron’s Vice President and General  
Manager of Government Affairs, Chevron’s political law 
counsel and Chevron’s political compliance team.
European Union:  The European Union (EU) recognizes 
the importance of lobbying activities as a legitimate 
and necessary part of the decision-making process. 
The EU established the transparency register to provide 
for oversight of lobbying activities and allow for public 
scrutiny. The transparency register is an online database 
listing associations, groups, self-employed individuals and 
organizations, including Chevron, who conduct lobbying 
activities toward the EU. Registration with the transparency 
register was originally voluntary and became mandatory  
in 2021. 
Registrants disclose what interests are being represented at 
the EU level, by whom and on whose behalf. The register also 
discloses the resources supporting lobbying activities, which 
may include financial support, donations and sponsorships. 
trade associations
Chevron holds memberships in industry and other associa -
tions that provide expert perspectives on a broad range of 
issues including safety, business, technical and industry best 
practices. Chevron does not control, and may not always  
agree with, positions taken by trade associations of which  
we are members. Trade associations provide a unique venue  
to engage with other companies and industry experts.
Executive management and the PPSC have oversight of our 
trade association activities and evaluate the business case and 
alignment with Chevron’s positions and interests, including 
those related to climate. To learn more, visit chevron.co/trade .
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
47

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
select climate-related  
engagement with trade associations
We rarely agree 100% with any trade association, but we believe our  
participation is important for the informed exchange of views.  
Below is a selection of trade associations of which we are members.
Clean Hydrogen Future 
Coalition (CHFC)   
CHFC is a diverse group of 
stakeholders to promote 
clean hydrogen as a critical 
pathway to achieve global 
decarbonization objectives 
while also increasing U.S. 
competitiveness. 
CHFC was launched in 2021, with Chevron and a group of energy companies, labor unions, 
utilities, nongovernmental organizations, equipment suppliers and project developers.  
The CHFC is identifying actions that the United States can undertake to scale the full  
supply chain for clean hydrogen production, transport, storage and use, as well as the  
technology development and infrastructure needs across multiple sectors. It aims to 
support policies that will catalyze investments in the full value chain of a clean hydrogen 
economy. Generally, clean hydrogen can be produced from a diverse range of lower- 
carbon feedstocks, including renewable electricity, biomass, nuclear, and fossil fuels  
combined with carbon capture, use and storage (CCUS).
American Petroleum  
Institute (API)   
API represents all segments 
of the oil and gas industry 
in the United States.
Chevron engages with API to support the development of policies that advance market- 
based approaches and innovation to support the goals of the Paris Agreement. API  
supports economywide carbon pricing, World Trade Organization-compliant mechanisms 
to mitigate carbon leakage, and well-designed performance-based methane regulations  
on new and existing sources. API also supports policies and laws advancing research,  
development and deployment of critical early-stage technologies, such as the 2021  
Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and specific provisions in the 2022 Inflation Reduction Act 
related to clean hydrogen and carbon capture.
Oil and Gas Climate  
Initiative (OGCI)   
OGCI is a CEO-led initiative 
that is aiming to accelerate 
the oil and gas industry’s 
response to climate change.
Chevron joined OGCI in 2018 and pledged $100 million to the $1 billion+ OGCI Climate  
Investments fund, which invests in technologies to reduce GHG emissions within  
the oil and gas value chain and hard-to-abate sectors. OGCI member companies support 
the aims of the Paris Agreement. Since 2017 , OGCI members reduced the group’s  
aggregate upstream methane intensity by 50% and aggregate upstream carbon intensity 
by 21%. OGCI focuses on partnering, capacity building and innovations to target key  
technologies and areas that can have impact on emissions reductions. OGCI’s current  
focus areas include CCUS, methane emissions reduction and transport emissions. 
U.S. Chamber of  
Commerce (U.S. Chamber)   
The U.S. Chamber develops 
and implements policy  
on major issues affecting  
U.S. businesses of all sizes 
across many sectors of  
the economy.
Chevron works with the U.S. Chamber to encourage support for market-based approaches 
to climate policy, innovative breakthrough technologies and streamlined, efficient  
regulations. For example, the U.S. Chamber has long advocated for policies and laws 
providing for greater federal support of technology and innovation, such as the 2021 U.S. 
Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and specific provisions in the 2022 U.S. Inflation Reduction 
Act. Similarly, the U.S. Chamber’s long-standing support for phasing down the use  
of hydrofluorocarbons, an especially potent GHG, helped secure bipartisan U.S. Senate 
ratification of the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol in 2022.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
48

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
disclosures
Chevron’s Lobbying and Trade Associations report is  
designed to be responsive to stakeholders’ increasing interest 
in how we engage with policymakers. The report outlines  
our political engagement strategies; our governance, policies, 
processes and training; our five-year history of corporate 
political and Chevron Employees Political Action Committee 
(CEPAC) contributions, including oversight of these activities 
by Chevron’s Executive Committee, the Board’s Public  
Policy and Sustainability Committee and the CEPAC Board; 
and disclosure details. The report includes links to all Chevron 
external reports representing the jurisdictions where we 
lobby and comprehensive trade association membership lists 
and disclosure of information, including semiannual updates 
of membership in U.S.-based organizations and lobbying 
expenditure ranges for each organization. To access the 
report, visit chevron.co/lobbying_trade .
climate policy framework
Chevron believes policy should be designed in a manner that enables the  
realization of a lower carbon future at the least cost to society. Broad, market- 
based mechanisms are the most efficient approach to addressing  
GHG emissions and meeting these goals. We encourage policymakers to:
elements of well-designed policy
• Include all sectors of the economy 
• Complement and reinforce rather than  
hinder market efficiency 
• Utilize a price on carbon as the primary  
policy tool
• Enable linking with other markets 
• Recognize and account for negative emissions 
technologies and offsets
• Support early-stage pre-commercial activity  
and research and development for break-
through technologies
Ensure global  
engagement and action.
Encourage investment  
in technology,  
research and innovation.
Take a balanced  
and measured approach.
Promote transparency  
and equity.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
49

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Fueling today’s businesses  Adopting affordable technology 
at scale has the potential to deliver more energy to those who 
need it. Potential benefits may include lowering worker risks, 
reducing cycle time and unlocking resources.
Building tomorrow’s businesses  We’ve been solving 
difficult energy challenges for decades. Through innovative 
technology, we aim to drive continuous change for the supply 
of affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy.
our approach Chevron focuses on technology that delivers energy solutions at scale and cost-effectively.  
In a growing world faced with complex energy challenges, we are innovating for today and tomorrow.
technology
evolving world energy systems
cybersecurity
An escalating cyber threat environment evolving for the  
past several years persisted in 2023. We continue to advance 
cybersecurity safeguards to maintain a safe and resilient 
technology environment. We invest in people, processes 
and technologies to reduce risk and enable Chevron’s digital 
future. To test our cybersecurity model, we leverage external 
resources to ensure we are appropriately mitigating risk.
In 2023, an external party used the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology framework to independently 
assess the cybersecurity maturity and resilience of our infor -
mation technology and operational technology networks.  
The assessment confirmed significant progress against  
our plan to strengthen defense operations, resilience and  
risk management.
Also in 2023, Chevron conducted a multiday corporate 
exercise simulating a cyberattack. The scenario required 
participants to identify mitigations in preparation for 
potential global business continuity disruptions. The exercise 
demonstrated a coordinated and unified response to a 
potential enterprisewide business disruption.
 140+
novel technology companies invested in by  
Chevron Technology Ventures since 1999
technology investment
Since 1999, Chevron Technology Ventures has been investing 
in startups across a wide cross-section of energy innovation. 
Recent investment examples include:
Industrial decarbonization
United Kingdom:  Immaterial, a developer of proprietary, 
bespoke monolith-structured metal-organic framework 
adsorbents. Tailored for carbon capture and hydrogen 
storage, this technology aims to support lowering carbon 
intensity of hard-to-abate sectors.
Delaware, U.S.: Ardent Process Technologies (formerly 
Compact Membrane Systems), a developer of a carbon 
capture solution that utilizes novel, modular membrane 
systems for gas separations. The design has the potential to 
lower the carbon intensity of industrial processes.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
50

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Emerging mobility
Washington, U.S.: Electric Era, a company commercializing a 
fast-charging solution for electric vehicles that leverages a  
proprietary software platform to enable real-time optimization 
and increased reliability.
Operational enhancement
Switzerland:  Flyability, a developer of aerial confined-sp ace 
inspection drones for industrial environments that are  
hard to reach or without access to global positioning system 
signals. The technology has the potential to reduce worker  
risk in confined space inspections.
Digitalization
United Kingdom:  Oxford Quantum Circuits, the developer  
of a novel, commercially available quantum computer.  
Their product offers the potential to help customers enable 
new forms of information processing.
Massachusetts, U.S.:  Aperio, a developer of a scalable data 
quality platform for industrial data that uses machine learning. 
The platform has the potential to solve a range of operational 
data quality matters.
digital scholars
We believe in the power of human ingenuity to advance  
and scale energy solutions that will drive the world  
forward. To prepare for the future of digital innovation, 
Chevron’s Digital Scholar Program supports employees  
who wish to pursue a one-year Master of Science degree  
with Massachusetts Institute of Technology’s System  
Design and Management. The program seeks to integrate  
a scholar’s domain knowledge and industry experience  
with emerging digital skill sets.
Scholars are selected from among early- to mid-career 
full-time employees who have a STEM background. Fully 
funded by Chevron, scholars devote one year to this learning 
experience, in residence at the academic institution, while 
continuing to receive regular employee pay and benefits. 
Since program inception in 2019, 151 employees have taken 
part, with 31 enrolled for the 2023–2024 academic year.
artificial intelligence
Artificial intelligence (AI) carries enormous potential as well 
as complex risks. We have joined the Responsible AI Institute, 
a community of business leaders focused on successful, 
responsible AI integration. Chevron aims to deploy AI 
technologies in a way that aligns with our core values and  
The Chevron Way.
social investment
India: Chevron contributed to Miller Center for Social 
Entrepreneurship to support Asia-Pacific enterprises that  
have the potential to grow and scale their social and 
economic impact. With our three-year gift of $1 million, 
Miller Center aims to provide focused support for entre-
preneurs and share insights with other accelerator programs 
and the larger social entrepreneurship ecosystem.
The entrepreneurship program provides a suite of support 
services, including capacity and leadership development, 
training and mentoring, and investment readiness and  
facilitation. Through this effort, Miller Center aims to  
support a cohort of social enterprises to accelerate inno-
vative, bottom-up solutions for vulnerable communities  
in the region. 
We intend to apply AI efficiently and responsibly, leveraging 
the technology across our value chain. A cross-functional  
team composed of Chevron Digital Scholars and a network  
of experts is evolving the adoption and development of  
AI governance and capabilities. This includes working with 
technology partners and providers on human-centric AI tools 
that augment our creativity and intelligence and enhance  
the way we work across the enterprise. 
We believe we have an opportunity to be a leader in driving 
the future of energy with AI. By building on our strengths in 
digital transformation, cloud computing and analytics, we see 
potential to deliver business value and advance the future of 
energy. AI and machine learning are being used to create more 
representative subsurface models for well placement, improve 
well production and optimize operations. Deep learning is 
helping to advance carbon capture and storage techniques in 
support of lower carbon ambitions.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
51

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
performance
Photo: We’re working to achieve progress and deliver value,  
consistent with our vision to be the global energy company most  
admired for its people, partnership and performance.
performance data .....................................................................53
glossary .......................................................................................55
about this report .......................................................................57
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
52

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
* Unless otherwise noted, this section reflects 2023 data collected as of April 11, 2024. All data are reported on an operated basis unless otherwise noted. Data from Renewable Energy Group, Inc.  
and PDC Energy, Inc. are included in this section unless otherwise noted. Operated GHG emissions, environmental performance, and workforce health and safety tables include data from 
Tengizchevroil LLP and the Partitioned Zone between Saudi Arabia and Kuwait (SAPZ). Although Chevron has traditionally included Tengizchevroil LLP data as if operated in this report, Chevron  
does not own a controlling interest in, does not operate and does not have the authority to force implementation of Chevron management systems within Tengizchevroil LLP. Tengizchevroil LLP  
is a separate legal entity operated under the direction of a partnership council that Chevron does not control. Inclusion of SAPZ data within the operational data is a reflection of alignment to 
Operational Excellence reporting and not reflective of the underlying legal structure or governance practices. All restatements are restated against the May 2023 release of the 2022 Corporate 
Sustainability Report. Variations year-on-year or across multiple years of performance data may result from a variety of causes such as methodology updates, portfolio changes, economic 
conditions, and business performance and initiatives. Performance data are not a guarantee of future performance nor intended to be a demonstration of linear progress against aspirations,  
targets or objectives. See Forward-Looking Statements Warning and Other Disclaimers on page 59 of this report. Numbers in table may not sum due to rounding.
our approach We consider various reporting frameworks to determine which data to include in our tables. 
These frameworks include the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force for  
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), the Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil & Gas 
Industry by Ipieca, the International Association of Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP) and the American 
Petroleum Institute (API), as well as other reporting frameworks.
performance data
reporting metrics and performance data* 
For our latest performance data tables, visit chevron.co/performance_data.
data tables
Our data tables present our greenhouse gas (GHG)  
emissions and other operated-basis metrics for  
environmental per formanc e, employee and supplier  
diversity, and workforce health and safety. To promote 
comparability, we map our reporting data to the  
relevant SASB and Ipieca frameworks to help provide 
information for investors and other stakeholders.
The references in index columns are based solely on  
Chevron’s interpretation and judgment and do not  
indicate application of definitions, metrics, measurements, 
standards or approaches set forth by third-party groups, 
including the SASB and Ipieca frameworks. Qualitative  
metrics and links to other Chevron resources are included  
in this section.
assurance
The accuracy of the information we report is important  
to us. We conduct independent third-party assurance for 
the process used to create the 2023 Corporate Sustainability 
Report. For our most recent ESG assurance statement,  
visit chevron.co/ESG_assurance.
We obtained reasonable assurance of GHG emissions  
from both operated and nonoperated assets. The scope  
of the GHG emissions assurance for 2023 is on both an  
equity share and operational control basis, and excludes 
Chevron Phillips Chemical Company, LLC and PDC Energy,  
Inc. For our most recent GHG assurance statements,  
visit chevron.co/GHG_assurance .
We have also obtained verification that our environ- 
mental and safety management system (i.e., our  
Operational Excellence Management System, o r OEMS)  
meets interna ti onal standards and specifications and  
has obtained a Certificate of Approval for alignment with  
ISO 14001:2015 and 45001:2018. For our most recent 
certificate, visit chevron.co/OEMS_ISO_certification .
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
53

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
PCI calculator
Our portfolio carbon intensity (PCI) methodology facilitates 
calculation transparency and replicability by using infor- 
mation from financial statements and emissions disclosures. 
This approach enables validation of reporting and the 
comparison of carbon intensities of companies that may 
participate in different parts of the value chain. Additional 
information on our PCI methodology and related equations 
follows our performance data tables. A PCI calculator is 
available on our website for anyone to use and compare energy 
companies’ carbon intensities. To access the PCI calculator,  
visit chevron.co/PCI.
climate disclosures
In 2023, we published our sixth Climate Change Resilience 
Report. This report builds on our previous editions and  
has updates throughout as we outline our governance 
framework, risk management, strategy, portfolio,  
performance and policy, and metrics. To learn more,  
visit chevron.co/CCRR.
lower carbon intensity targets
The table below tracks annual progress toward our 2028  
GHG emissions intensity targets.*
GHG reporting equity metrics and targets
2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2028 target
Portfolio carbon intensity (grams CO₂e/megajoule) 
1
72.7 71.4 71.3 71.0 71.1 71.0 
Upstream carbon intensity 
2
Oil intensity (kilograms  CO₂e/boe) 33.3 28.2 28.6 25.2 22.4 24.0
Gas intensity (kilograms  CO₂e/boe) 30.4 26.8 28.6 27.5 26.1 24.0
Methane intensity (kilograms  CO₂e/boe) 2.4 2.0 2.1 1.9 1.6 2.0
Flaring intensity (kilograms  CO₂e/boe) 4.7 3.8 4.3 3.5 2.8 3.0
Refining carbon intensity (kilograms CO₂e/boe) 
3
35.9 38.6 37.9 37.0 36.0 36.0
1 See Equations, Portfolio Carbon Intensity, pages 21–22 of  2023 Performance Data.
2 See Equations, Upstream Carbon Intensity, page 23 of  2023 Performance Data.
3 See Equations, Refining Carbon Intensity, page 24 of  2023 Performance Data.
* Chevron’s ability to achieve any goal, target or aspiration, including with respect to climate-related initiatives, our lower carbon strategy and any lower carbon new energy businesses, is subject  
to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control. Chevron regularly evaluates its goals, targets and aspirations and may eliminate, increase or decrease them for various reasons,  
including market conditions; changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. For more information, see About This Report on pages 57–58 and 
Forward-Looking Statements Warning and Other Disclaimers on page 59.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
54

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
efficiency of a well-designed and -operated flare is generally 
assumed to be greater than 98%, meaning that less than 
2% of the gas passes through the flare stack unburnt. At the 
individual flare level, local parameters, such as gas content and 
quality, flare design, flow rates, exit velocities and steam use, 
contribute to overall combustion efficiency. There are currently 
no straightforward methods to continuously measure or monitor 
the actual combus  tio n efficiency or destruction and removal 
efficiency of a flare.
Hydrogen, lower carbon intensity (LCI)  LCI hydrogen includes 
specified hydrogen production pathways like steam methane 
reforming with carbon capture and storage and electrolysis with 
lower carbon power.
Lifecycle analysis/assessment (LCA)  A tool that can be used 
to evaluate the potential environmental impacts of a product, 
material, process or activity. An LCA is a comprehensive method 
for assessing a range of environmental impacts across the full 
lifecycle of a product system, from materials acquisition to 
manufacturing, use and final disposition. 
Liquefied natural gas (LNG)  Natural gas that is liquefied 
under extremely cold temperatures to facilitate storage or 
transportation in specially designed vessels. 
Lower carbon  A term describing environments, technologies, 
business sectors, markets, energy sources and mixes of energy 
sources, including traditional energy sources, among other things, 
characterized by or enabling the reduction of carbon emissions  
or carbon intensities. 
Lower carbon energy  Energy sources and mixes of energy 
sources, including traditional energy sources, that, in their 
production and use, emit less carbon emissions or have lower 
carbon intensity than other forms. 
Lower carbon intensity oil, products and natural gas  Oil, natural 
gas and hydrocarbon-based products that are produced and  
sold to customers with a carbon intensity below that of traditional 
oil, natural gas and hydrocarbon-based products.
Methane intensity  The amount of methane per unit of measure.  
Methane intensity can be determined for a facility (e.g., com -
pressor station), an area (e.g., production basin) or even an entire 
value chain (e.g., from natural gas production to distribution).
Methane management  A holistic approach to addressing 
methane emissions performance across multiple dimensions, 
including actions to reduce methane emissions intensity through 
facility design and operational best practices; deployment of 
advanced technology to detect, measure and quantify site- and 
source-level emissions; and development and assurance of 
methane emissions inventories for reporting and disclosures.
definitions of selected industry terms
Barrels of oil-equivalent ( boe)  A unit of measure to quantify 
crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas amounts using the 
same basis. Natural gas volumes are converted to barrels on  
the basis of energy content. 
Carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS)  The process of 
capturing carbon dioxide emissions and either using them as a 
feedstock (utilization) or permanently storing them in geological 
formations deep underground (storage).
Carbon footprint (of product)  Sum of greenhouse gas emissions 
and greenhouse gas removals in a product system expressed  
as CO₂e based on a lifecycle assessment using the simple impact 
category of climate change. A carbon footprint can represent 
the complete lifecycle of a product or a partial lifecycle based 
on selected lifecycle stages (sometimes referred to as a “partial 
carbon footprint”).
Carbon intensity  The amount of carbon dioxide or carbon 
dioxide-equivalent (CO₂e) per unit of measure.
Combustion  The combustion of gas in fuel-burning equipment  
is not 100% efficient, and some methane emissions occur as  
a result of uncombusted gas being released via the equipment 
exhaust stream. The uncombusted proportion of gas varies 
between internal and external combustion sources (engines,  
tur bines, heaters and boilers); therefore, equipment-specific data 
or emission factors are typically used for emissions quantification.
Decarbonization  Generally refers to the process of stopping or 
reducing release of greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, 
into the atmosphere as the result of a process. For Chevron, 
decarbonization can refer to reducing absolute emissions or 
reducing the carbon intensity of a process or asset.
Emission factor  A numerical factor relating activity data (e.g., 
tonnes of fuel consumed, tonnes of product produced or number 
of pneumatic controllers) to emissions. Emission factors generally 
represent the amount of emissions per activity unit, for example 
standard cubic feet of gas per hour per pneumatic controller. 
Emission factors are typically developed based on a population  
of direct measurements of emission sources or activities.
Flaring  The controlled burning of gas, including associated  
gas, in the course of oil and gas operations. In many types of  
opera tions, including those where gas is sold, reinjected or 
otherwise utilized, safety flaring can be an important and 
necessary activity to enable safe operations. The combustion 
glossary
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
55

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
Operational Excellence Management System ( OEMS)  A Chevron 
risk-based and systematic approach to identify, assess, prioritize 
and manage risks related to workforce safety and health; process 
safety, reliability and integrity; environment; efficiency; security; 
and stakeholders.
Pneumatic controller  An automated instrument used for 
maintaining a process condition such as liquid level, pressure, 
delta pressure and temperature.
Portfolio carbon intensity (PCI)  Representation of the estimated 
energy-weighted average greenhouse gas emissions intensity 
from a simplified value chain from the production, refinement, 
distribution and end use of marketed energy products per unit of 
energy delivered.
definitions of selected units
mbd  thousands of barrels per day
MJ  megajoule
mmtpa  millions of tonnes per annum
mtpa  thousands of tonnes per annum
Methane measurement  The process of taking a reading of 
the methane concentration or methane emissions rate within 
an air sample at a specific point in time. Typical measurement 
units are parts per million, parts per billion and kilograms per 
hour. Understanding global and local background methane 
concentrations is necessary to contextualize the data. Emissions 
measurements may be performed as one-time activities, at 
regular intervals or on a continuous basis, but whatever the 
frequency, obtaining representative measurements is important.
Methane quantification  Methods for determining the size of a 
methane emission source in customary units of emissions rate, 
such as mass per time (e.g., kilograms per hour) or volume per 
time (e.g., standard cubic meters per hour). Methane can be 
quantified through engineering estimations, direct measurement 
of a methane source (e.g., by utilizing bagging procedures) and 
modeling that uses ambient measurements and meteorological 
data to infer an emissions rate.
Natural climate solutions  Actions that reduce or avoid emissions  
and/or enhance the capture and storage of carbon in nature, 
including conservation, restoration and improved land manage -
ment interventions on natural and agricultural lands.
Nature-based solutions  Per the International Energy Agency, 
these include the repurposing of land use by growing forests 
where there were none before (afforestation) or reestablishing 
a forest where there was one in the past (reforestation). Other 
nature-based solutions include restoration of coastal and marine 
habitats so that they continue to draw CO2 from the air.
Net positive impact  Per the Ipieca Guide to developing 
biodiversity action plans , a target for project outcomes in which 
the impacts on biodiversity (i.e., the variety of ecosystems and 
living things) caused by the project are outweighed by the actions 
taken to avoid and reduce such impacts, rehabilitate affected 
species and landscapes, and offset any residual impacts.
Net zero upstream aspiration (Scope 1 and 2)  Chevron aspires 
to reach net zero upstream emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 
2050. Accomplishing this aspiration depends on sufficient and 
substantial advances in technology, including the continuing 
progress of commercially viable technologies and low- or non-
carbon-based energy sources; enabling policies and other actions 
by governing authorities, including those regarding subsidies,  
tax and other incentives as well as the granting of necessary 
permits; successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage 
and nature-based solutions; and availability and acceptability  
of cost-effective, verifiable carbon credits.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
56

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
This report covers our owned and operated businesses 
and does not address the performance or operations of 
our suppliers, contractors and partners unless otherwise 
noted. In the case of certain joint ventures for which 
Chevron is the operator, we exercise influence but not 
control. Thus, the governance, processes, management 
and strategy for those joint ventures are known to differ 
from those detailed in this report. At the time of writing, 
Chevron has completed acquisitions of Beyond6, LLC, 
Chacraservicios S.r.l. (with Bunge) and PDC Energy, Inc. 
This report does not speak to these companies’ historic 
governance, risk management, strategy approaches  
or emissions performance unless specifically referenced. 
All financial information is presented in U.S. dollars 
unless otherwise noted.
This report contains forward-looking statements  
relating to the manner in which Chevron intends to 
conduct certain of its activities, based on management’s 
current expectations, estimates and projections.  
These statements are not guarantees of future conduct, 
performance or policy and are subject to numerous 
risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are 
beyond our control and are difficult to predict, including 
government regulation and oil and gas prices. See 
the Forward-Looking Statements Warning and Other 
Disclaimers on page 59 of this report.
The actual conduct of our activities, including the 
development, implementation or continuation of any 
program, policy or initiative discussed or forecasted  
in this report, may differ materially in the future. As with 
any projections, estimates or plans, actual results or 
numbers may vary. The regulations, methodologies and 
standards (“methodologies”) for tracking, reporting, 
and marketing and advertising related to ESG matters, 
including emissions, emissions reductions, offsets 
and related issues, are relatively new, have not been 
harmonized and continue to evolve. Our selection of 
disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various 
voluntary reporting standards may change from time 
to time and may result in a lack of comparative data 
for different periods. Our processes and controls may 
not always align with evolving voluntary standards 
for identifying, measuring and reporting metrics, our 
interpretation of reporting standards may differ from 
those of others, and such standards may change over 
time, including through nonpublic processes, any of 
which could result in significant revisions to our goals, 
targets and aspirations or reported progress in achieving 
them. The statements of intention in this report speak 
only as of the date of this report. Chevron undertakes  
no obligation to publicly update any statements in  
this report.
This report contains information from third parties,  
such as the International Energy Agency. Chevron  
makes no representation or warranty as to the  
third-party information. Where necessary, Chevron 
received permission to cite third-party sources, but  
the information and data remain under the control  
and direction of the third parties. Where Chevron has 
used information, such as displaying data from third 
parties in graphical form, it has noted the source. 
Chevron has also provided links in this report to third- 
party websites for ease of reference. Chevron’s use 
of the third-party information in this report and the 
inclusion of links to third-party content is not an 
endorsement or adoption of such information. This 
report contains terms used by the Task Force for 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), as well 
as information about how the disclosures in this report 
about this report
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
57

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
may align with the recommendations of the TCFD, as it 
has described the categories. In doing so, Chevron does 
not intend to endorse or adopt and is not endorsing or 
adopting these phrases or recommendations. In using 
these terms and referencing the recommendations, 
Chevron is not obligating itself to use the terms in the  
way defined by the TCFD, nor is it obligating itself  
to comply with any specific recommendations or  
to provide any specific disclosure. Chevron makes no 
representation or warranty as to the TCFD’s use or 
definition of specific terms or recommendations. For 
example, with respect to the use of the term “material,” 
individual companies are best suited to determine what 
information is material, under the long-standing U.S. 
Supreme Court definition of that term, and whether to 
disclose this information in U.S. Securities and Exchange 
financial filings. 
Chevron participates, along with other companies, 
institutes, universities, trades and other organizations,  
in various initiatives, campaigns and other projects  
that express various ambitions, aspirations and goals 
related to climate change, emissions and energy 
transition. Chevron’s individual ambitions, future 
performance or policies may differ from the ambitions  
of such organizations or the individual ambitions of 
other participants in these various initiatives, campaigns, 
and other projects. 
Chevron regularly evaluates its goals, targets and 
aspirations and may eliminate, increase or decrease 
them for various reasons, including market conditions; 
changes in its portfolio; and financial, operational, 
regulatory, reputational, legal and other factors. 
Chevron’s individual ambitions and goals, and its 
progress toward reaching those ambitions and goals,  
are stated in its own corporate reports, including  
this report, Chevron’s 2023 Climate Change Resilience 
Report and Chevron’s Methane Report, which contain 
necessary context and disclaimers regarding Chevron’s 
aspirations and goals and how Chevron measures its 
progress toward reaching them. 
As used in this report, the term “Chevron” and such 
terms as “the company,” “the corporation,” “our,” “its,” 
“we” and “us” may refer to one or more of Chevron’s 
consolidated subsidiaries or affiliates or to all of them 
taken as a whole. All of these terms are used for 
convenience only and are not intended as a precise 
description of any of the separate entities, each of  
which manages its own affairs.
If you have questions about this report, contact:
  Strategy and Sustainability 
Chevron Corporation 
5001 Executive Parkway, Suite 200 
San Ramon, CA 94583 USA
Produced by Corporate Strategy and Sustainability,  
Chevron Corporation
Design Sequel Studio, New York, sequelstudio.com
Photo credits Cover and first spread, back cover: Steve Babuljak  
and George Rosales; 5: Richard Morgenstein (left), Marc Marriott (top 
right), Jeanett Mulder (center right), Jim Erickson (bottom right);  
6, 31, 42: George Rosales; 14: Juan Cruz Raña; 22: Diego Alfonso Rosa; 
52: Jim Erickson
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
58

introduction socialclimate environment governance performance
forward-looking statements warning and other disclaimers
CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF 
THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 AND OTHER IMPORTANT LEGAL DISCLAIMERS
This report contains forward-looking images and statements relating to Chevron’s 
lower carbon strategy and operations that are based on management’s current 
expectations, estimates, and projections about the petroleum, chemicals, and 
other energy-related industries. Words or phrases such as “anticipates,” “expects,” 
“intends,” “plans,” “targets,” “advances,” “commits,” “drives,” “aims,” “forecasts,” 
“projects,” “believes,” “approaches,” “seeks,” “schedules,” “estimates,” “positions,” 
“pursues,” “progress,” “may,” “can,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “budgets,” “outlook,” 
“trends,” “guidance,” “focus,” “on track,” “goals,” “objectives,” “strategies,” 
“opportunities,” “poised,” “potential,” “ambitions,” “aspires” and similar expressions, 
and variations or negatives of these words, are intended to identify such forward-
looking statements, but not all forward-looking statements include such words. 
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to  
numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond  
the company’s control and are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and 
results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-
looking statements. Our ability to achieve any aspiration, target or objective  
outlined in this report is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our 
control. Examples of such risks include : (1) sufficient and substantial advances in 
technology, including the continuing progress of commercially viable technologies 
and low- or non-carbon-based energy sources;  (2) laws, governmental regulation, 
policies, and other enabling actions, including those regarding subsidies, tax 
and other incentives as well as the granting of necessary permits by governing 
authorities;  (3) the availability and acceptability of cost-effective, verifiable carbon 
credits ; (4) the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability-related 
standards;  (5) evolving regulatory requirements, including changes to IPCC’s 
Global Warming Potentials and U.S. EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program, 
affecting ESG standards or disclosures ; (6) evolving standards for tracking and 
reporting on emissions and emissions reductions and removals;  (7) customers’ and 
consumers’ preferences and use of the company’s products or substitute products; 
(8) actions taken by the company’s competitors in response to legislation and 
regulations; an d (9) successful negotiations for carbon capture and storage and 
nature-based solutions.  Further, standards of measurement and performance set 
forth in this report made in reference to our environmental, social, governance, and 
other sustainability plans, goals and targets may be based on protocols, processes 
and assumptions that continue to evolve and are subject to change in the future, 
including due to the impact of future regulation. The reader should not place undue 
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date  
of this report. Unless legally required, Chevron undertakes no obligation to update 
publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, 
future events or otherwise. 
Among the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially 
from those in the forward-looking statements are: changing crude oil and natural 
gas prices and demand for the company’s products, and production curtailments 
due to market conditions; crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be 
imposed by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other producing 
countries; technological advancements; changes to government policies in the 
countries in which the company operates; public health crises, such as pandemics 
and epidemics, and any related government policies and actions; disruptions in the 
company’s global supply chain, including supply chain constraints and escalation 
of the cost of goods and services; changing economic, regulatory and political 
environments in the various countries in which the company operates; general 
domestic and international economic, market and political conditions, including the 
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the conflict in Israel and the global 
response to these hostilities; changing refining, marketing and chemicals margins; 
actions of competitors or regulators; timing of exploration expenses; timing of 
crude oil liftings; the competitiveness of alternate-energy sources or product 
substitutes; development of large carbon capture and offset markets; the results 
of operations and financial condition of the company’s suppliers, vendors, partners 
and equity affiliates; the inability or failure of the company’s joint venture partners 
to fund their share of operations and development activities; the potential failure 
to achieve expected net production from existing and future crude oil and natural 
gas development projects; potential delays in the development, construction 
or startup of planned projects; the potential disruption or interruption of the 
company’s operations due to war, accidents, political events, civil unrest, severe 
weather, cyber threats, terrorist acts, or other natural or human causes beyond the 
company’s control; the potential liability for remedial actions or assessments under 
existing or future environmental regulations and litigation; significant operational, 
investment, or product changes undertaken or required by existing or future 
environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and 
national or regional legislation and regulatory measures related to greenhouse 
gas emissions and climate change; the potential liability resulting from pending or 
future litigation; the ability to successfully integrate the operations of the company 
and PDC Energy, Inc. and achieve the anticipated benefits from the transaction, 
including the expected incremental annual free cash flow; the risk that Hess 
Corporation (Hess) stockholders do not approve the potential transaction, and the 
risk that regulatory approvals are not obtained or are obtained subject to conditions 
that are not anticipated by the company and Hess; potential delays in consummating 
the Hess transaction, including as a result of regulatory proceedings or the ongoing 
arbitration proceedings regarding preemptive rights in the Stabroek Block joint 
operating agreement; risks that such ongoing arbitration is not satisfactorily 
resolved and the potential transaction fails to be consummated; uncertainties as 
to whether the potential transaction, if consummated, will achieve its anticipated 
economic benefits, including as a result of regulatory proceedings and risks 
associated with third-party contracts containing material consent, anti-assignment, 
transfer or other provisions that may be related to the potential transaction that  
are not waived or otherwise satisfactorily resolved; the company’s ability to 
integrate Hess’ operations in a successful manner and in the expected time period; 
the possibility that any of the anticipated benefits and projected synergies of the  
potential transaction will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected 
time period; the company’s future acquisitions or dispositions of assets or shares 
or the delay or failure of such transactions to close based on required closing 
conditions; the potential for gains and losses from asset dispositions or impairments; 
government-mandated sales, divestitures, recapitalizations, taxes and tax audits, 
tariffs, sanctions, changes in fiscal terms, or restrictions on scope of company 
operations; foreign currency movements compared with the U.S. dollar; higher 
inflation and related impacts; material reductions in corporate liquidity and  
access to debt markets; changes to the company’s capital allocation strategies;  
the effects of changed accounting rules under generally accepted accounting 
principles promulgated by rule-setting bodies; the company’s ability to identify and 
mitigate the risks and hazards inherent in operating in the global energy industry; 
and the factors set forth under the heading “Risk Factors” on pages 20 through  
26 of the company’s 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and in subsequent filings 
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Other unpredictable or unknown 
factors not discussed in this report could also have material adverse effects on 
forward-looking statements.
Chevron 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report
59

Chevron Corporation
5001 Executive Parkway, Suite 200,  
San Ramon, CA 94583 USA
www.chevron.com
© 2024 Chevron Corporation.  
All Rights Reserved.
The world demands energy to 
advance human progress, and we 
are proud to focus on providing 
it – affordably, reliably and in 
ever-cleaner ways. We believe in 
the power of human ingenuity 
to produce and deliver energy 
more efficiently and to help build 
a resilient, lower carbon energy 
system that can continue to meet 
growing energy demand and 
advance human progress.
learn more
chevron.com/sustainability
chevron.com/investors/ESG