2022 
Sustainability 
Report
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE

Williams honors the memory of former chairman and CEO Joseph H. “Joe” Williams, who 
died in April 2023, at age 89 in South Carolina. Mr. Williams spent 35 years at Williams, the 
last 15 as chairman and Chief Executive Officer. 
Establishing a legacy of environmental conservation 
at Williams, former chairman and CEO Joseph H. 
“Joe” Williams was instrumental in the creation of 
Oklahoma’s Tallgrass Prairie Preserve, which now 
encompasses 40,000 acres and is home to 2,500 
roaming bison, along with research of native grass 
species and wildlife. In 2015, the Nature 
Conservancy honored him by renaming the Osage 
County treasure the Joseph H. Williams Tallgrass 
Prairie Preserve.
Mr. Williams spent 35 years at Williams, the last 15 
as chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Williams 
honors the memory of Mr. Williams, who died in 
April 2023. He was 89. 
Contents
Company Overview 3
CEO Letter 4
About Williams 6
2022 Highlights 7
Corporate Governance 10
Sustainability Governance 13
Corporate Behavior & Ethics 16
Providing Clean, Affordable 
& Reliable Energy 19
Energy Transition & Low-Carbon Economy 20
Energy Access, Affordability & Reliability 26
Public Policy 28
Climate Adaptation & Resilience 30
Minimizing Our Footprint 32
Operational GHG Emissions 33
Non-GHG Air Emissions 40
Biodiversity & Land Use 42
Water 45
Waste 46
Site Closure & Rehabilitation 48
Protecting People & 
Strengthening Infrastructure 49
Pipeline & Asset Integrity 50
Public Safety 56
Workforce Safety 60
Workforce Health & Well-Being 65
Cybersecurity 66
Building an 
Empowered Workforce 69
Employee Attraction, Retention & Development 70
Diversity & Inclusion 73
Employment Practices 78
Strengthening Communities 79
Stakeholder Relations 80
Community Investment 83
Economic Impacts 86
Supply Chain & Responsible Procurement 87
Environmental Justice 90
Human Rights 92
Indigenous Peoples 92
Appendix 94
About This Report 95
Performance Data Table  98
Content Index 114
Assurance Statement 136
Cover Image: Technical specialist, Michael Quinones 
at 134th Street Metering Station in New York City.

Company Overview
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
As the world demands reliable, low-cost, low-carbon 
energy, Williams will be there with the best transport, 
storage and delivery solutions. We make clean energy 
happen by being a best-in-class operator of the critical 
infrastructure that supports a clean energy future.
Transco Pipeline compressor station.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
3
Company Overview
Company Overview
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy Minimizing Our Footprint Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure Building an Empowered Workforce Strengthening Communities Appendix

Since 1908, Williams has been committed to doing the 
right thing — for its customers, communities and 
employees — and I feel tremendous personal 
responsibility to ensure we are upholding this long 
legacy while leading our company and our industry into 
the future. This annual sustainability report reflects the 
important work of our 5,000-plus employees across the 
United States who join me in doing what’s right. Our 
people care deeply about providing energy to enhance 
quality of life, while protecting the environment and 
keeping each other and our assets safe in support of 
our local communities. 
CEO Letter
GRI 2-22
At Williams, we are embracing our vision to provide the 
best transport, storage and delivery solutions for 
reliable, low-cost and low-carbon energy. As one of 
the nation’s leading energy infrastructure companies, 
we are committed to leveraging our large-scale natural 
gas network for the benefit of generations to come. 
As a right here, right now solution, natural gas has 
played and will continue to play a critical role in 
providing energy security, increasing energy 
affordability and reducing greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions. Looking forward, natural gas will be critical 
to support our country’s aggressive electrification 
goals and will be key to expanding a reliable electricity 
grid that will be dependent upon the interdependency 
of natural gas and renewables. 
As a company that has been solving energy 
challenges for over 100 years, we are focused on 
delivering sustainable energy solutions that will benefit 
the world for generations to come. Williams was the 
first North American midstream company to commit 
to actionable climate targets, and we have reduced 
our company-wide Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 
43% since 2005, making considerable progress 
toward our 2030 goal of a 56% reduction and putting 
us on a positive trajectory toward our net zero GHG 
emissions aspiration by 2050. 
In early 2023, Williams became the first U.S. large-
scale midstream company to join Oil & Gas Methane 
Partnership 2.0 (OGMP 2.0), an international methane 
emissions reporting initiative. We are committed to 
achieving the most stringent methane performance 
standards as prescribed by OGMP 2.0, thus setting 
the pace for the midstream sector in the United 
States and around the world.
 Providing Clean, Affordable 
& Reliable Energy
Alan S. Armstrong, President and Chief Executive Officer.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
4
Company Overview

Solving Complex 
Energy Challenges
In closing, sustainability isn’t just about what we’re 
doing today but also how we are preparing for the 
future. As the largest, most natural gas-centric 
midstream company, Williams has the expertise and 
the strategy to help solve what I see as one of the 
most complex challenges of our time: producing 
affordable and reliable energy, while dramatically 
lowering GHG emissions both in the United States 
and overseas — all while growing our nation’s 
competitiveness and ensuring a sustainable clean 
energy future. As concerns around climate, reliability 
and energy security converge, natural gas and the 
infrastructure that moves it are necessary to meet 
growing demand for clean energy. By responsibly 
transporting and delivering natural gas and investing 
in emerging energy opportunities, we are positioning 
our company to contribute to a cleaner 
environment, now and in the future.
Sincerely,
ALAN S. ARMSTRONG, 
WILLIAMS PRESIDENT AND  
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Strengthening 
Communities
Williams continues to build on our long-standing 
tradition of supporting the communities where our 
employees live and work. We believe in investing both 
our time and resources to maximize our impact in the 
causes most central to our company, employees and 
communities. In 2022, we contributed over $14 million 
to more than 2,000 organizations across 49 states and 
Washington D.C. through our community giving 
channels, including cash contributions, in-kind 
donations and matching programs. Our employees 
rolled up their sleeves to make our inaugural Williams 
Volunteer Week a success. In April 2022, more than 
1,000 employees volunteered across 17 states and 
Washington D.C. during a week focused on giving 
back. Our philosophy of being a good neighbor also 
extends to our outreach efforts, and in 2022, we 
participated in more than 200 unique engagements with 
local community stakeholders. We believe engaging 
with the public strengthens our ability to deliver projects 
that will positively impact the health, safety and 
economic development of our communities.
Protecting People & 
Strengthening Infrastructure
Our pipelines span more than 33,000 miles across the 
country and traverse thousands of communities to 
move approximately one third of the nation’s natural 
gas. Maintaining safe, secure operations is 
fundamental to upholding our commitment to 
delivering clean and reliable energy. 
Employee well-being is a critical part of our safety 
program. Anchored by our Core Values, we operate in 
a safety-driven manner that protects fellow employees, 
contractors and the public, while also safeguarding our 
assets and the environment. Our safety culture and 
performance has proven long-term success, with a 
31% reduction in employee recordable injuries since 
2018. We aim to continue this success through our 
safety performance goal for 2023, to achieve a 10% 
reduction in the employee recordable incident rate 
compared to 2022.
Building an 
Empowered Workforce
Skilled, dedicated and innovative talent is critical to 
safely delivering energy solutions to our customers 
while successfully navigating business challenges. We 
know that effective employee attraction, retention and 
development are essential to staying competitive and 
that we must prioritize the value of a diverse and 
inclusive workforce. My pledge of support for the CEO 
Action for Diversity and Inclusion Coalition outlines a 
specific set of actions to cultivate an environment in 
which our employees feel empowered to have 
conversations about Diversity and Inclusion (D&I). To 
energize our workforce around D&I, we established a 
formal organizational goal in 2022, designed to 
cultivate an environment of employee inclusion, 
innovation and passion for Williams’ Vision. As part of 
this effort, we prioritized efforts that help us foster an 
inclusive culture, enhance sustainability and 
accountability and improve community partnerships.
By responsibly transporting and delivering natural gas and investing in 
emerging energy opportunities, we are positioning our company to 
contribute to a cleaner environment, now and in the future.
“
”
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
5
Company Overview

As the world demands reliable, low-cost and low-
carbon energy, The Williams Companies, Inc. 
(“Williams”) (NYSE: WMB) will be there providing the 
best transport, storage and delivery solutions to 
reliably fuel the clean energy economy and explore 
long-term innovations needed to transition to a 
sustainable energy future. Headquartered in Tulsa, 
Oklahoma, Williams is an industry-leading, publicly 
traded Fortune 500 company with over 5,000 
employees across the United States (U.S.). With a 
focus on transporting natural gas, our operations span 
much of the natural gas value chain, including 
gathering, processing, interstate transportation, 
storage, wholesale marketing and trading of natural 
gas and natural gas liquids (NGL). With major positions 
in 14 top U.S. supply basins, Williams connects the 
best supplies with growing demand for clean energy. 
Williams owns and operates more than 33,000 miles 
of pipelines system-wide — including Transco, the 
nation’s largest volume pipeline — and handles 
approximately one third of the natural gas in the U.S.[1] 
Our assets span 25 states, encompassing the Gulf of 
Mexico, Rockies, Pacific Northwest and Eastern 
Seaboard regions.
Every day, we transport products that are critical for 
power generation, home heating and cooking and 
industrial uses across the U.S. The bi-directional flow 
of portions of our system enables natural gas to be 
supplied to regions during periods of exceptionally 
high demand, such as after a natural disaster. 
[1]  Miles of pipeline include MountainWest assets which were 
acquired on February 14, 2023.
We own an interest in and operate 29 natural gas 
processing facilities and seven NGL fractionation 
facilities, as well as approximately 290.4 billion cubic 
feet (Bcf) of natural gas storage capacity and 24 million 
barrels of NGL storage capacity. Our natural gas and 
NGL transmission, gathering and processing services 
support customers that include utilities, producers, 
industrial consumers and liquefied natural gas (LNG) 
export terminals. Additionally, by supplying gas and 
storage services to LNG export facilities, we enable 
the adoption of cleaner energy in international 
markets. We are positioned to support the clean 
energy future through our current natural gas business 
and our investments in new energy technologies and 
processes, which will facilitate growth and commercial 
certainty for the next 100 years and beyond.
We also continue to create value for our stakeholders 
by expanding in scale and geography, including via 
strategic transactions. On February 14, 2023, we 
closed on the acquisition of 100% of MountainWest 
Pipelines Holding Company (MountainWest). 
MountainWest is an interstate natural gas pipeline 
company that owns and operates an approximately 
2,000-mile natural gas pipeline system and provides 
underground natural gas storage services in Utah, 
Wyoming and Colorado. Located in the Rocky 
Mountains near three producing areas, including the 
Greater Green River, Uinta and Piceance basins, the 
MountainWest system has a design capacity totaling 
8.0 MMdth/d. This acquisition expands Williams’ 
natural gas storage capacity by 56 Bcf, which includes 
the Clay basin underground storage reservoir in Utah. 
With this acquisition, we also welcomed MountainWest 
employees to Williams.[2] Additionally, in April 2022, we 
acquired the Haynesville gathering and processing 
assets of Trace Midstream, a portfolio company of 
Quantum Energy Partners. This transaction expands 
our gathering capacity in the large and efficient 
Haynesville basin of east Texas from 1.8 Bcf/d to over 
4.0 Bcf/d. As part of the transaction, Williams 
committed to an agreement with Rockcliff Energy that 
connects sustainable NextGen Gas gathered in the 
Haynesville basin to key markets along our Transco 
pipeline and growing LNG export demand. We also 
acquired NorTex Midstream in August 2022, which 
added 80 miles of natural gas transmission pipelines 
and 36 Bcf of natural gas storage to Williams’ 
footprint. This acquisition enhances our core natural 
gas strategy and supports the viability of intermittent 
renewables like solar and wind.
[2]  The employees who joined Williams through the MountainWest 
acquisition in February 2023 are not reflected in the 5,023 
employee total, which is a head count as of December 31, 2022. 
About Williams
GRI 2-1, 2-2, 2-6, 2-7
Williams plays a critical role in reliably and safely 
transporting energy as the world undergoes an energy 
transition. Our pipeline access to critical supply 
markets and growing business relationships with LNG 
exporters allows us to support the continued 
replacement of higher-emitting fuels such as coal, 
heating oil and biomass, domestically and abroad. By 
responsibly handling natural gas, promoting certified, 
lower-emissions NextGen Gas and investing in 
emerging energy sources like hydrogen, we can 
position our company to contribute to a cleaner 
environment now and in the future. We also recognize 
the need to scale emissions reduction technology 
across the industry and are working to accelerate the 
deployment of carbon capture, utilization and storage 
(CCUS) through innovation and policy engagement.
Williams’ history of innovation, determination and drive 
for excellence serves as the foundation of our 
success, which would not be possible without our 
dedicated employees in the field and our offices. 
These talented individuals work to provide our 
customers and communities with safe and reliable 
services each and every day.
Williams Headquarters in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
6
Company Overview

2022 Highlights
Across the U.S., 
Williams Will Be There…
Handling 
~one third
of the natural gas in the U.S.
Operating
>33,000 miles
of pipeline in 25 states[1]
29
290.4 Bcf
of natural gas storage capacity
7
24 million
barrels of NGL storage capacity
[1]  Miles of pipeline include MountainWest assets which were 
acquired on February 14, 2023.
natural gas liquid (NGL) 
fractionation facilities
natural gas 
processing facilities
5,023
permanent 
employees[2] 
[2]  Regional data presented is based on primary work 
location. Remote employees are counted in the region 
data based on the Williams locations supported by the 
employees. Excluding a small number of interns, 
Williams does not have temporary employees. This data 
excludes third-party workers. The difference between 
counts of full-time employees and full-time employees 
broken down by gender is due to employees that have 
elected to not specify or disclose gender. Williams did 
not experience a significant fluctuation in our employee 
head count during FY 2022 or from FY 2021, defined as 
anything greater than or equal to 5% of our total head 
count. Employee data reflects a head count as of 
December 31, 2022.
1,083 Women
3,905 MenGender
4,996 Full-Time
27 Part-Time
Full-Time 
& Part-Time
Region
1,652 Atlantic-Gulf
1,234 Northeast
931 West
1,206  Tulsa  
Headquarters
2022 Sustainability 
Ratings & Awards
• Named for the third 
consecutive year to the Dow 
Jones Sustainability™ 
North America Index 
• Named for the second 
consecutive year to the Dow 
Jones Sustainability™ 
World Index
• Scored in the top 1% of the 
oil and gas storage and 
transportation industry peer 
group for the S&P Global 
Corporate Sustainability 
Assessment 2023 
Sustainability Yearbook
• CDP Climate Change 
Questionnaire: Received a 
‘B’ score, which exceeds the 
industry average of ‘C’ and 
North American average of ‘C’
• Sustainalytics: Ranked in 
the top 10% in the Refiners 
and Pipelines industry[3]
• MSCI: Maintained a 
BBB rating[4] 
• Listed on America’s Most 
Responsible Companies, 
2022 by Newsweek
Providing Clean,  
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
• Minimized disruptions to 
customers by maintaining 
a Customer Impacted 
Volume rate of 99.65%
• Advanced our Regional Energy 
Access Expansion project, 
which will increase capacity by 
up to 829,000 dekatherms per 
day. A portion of the project is 
expected to be in service early 
by the end of 2023
• Won in the Large Company 
category in the IOGCC Chair’s 
Stewardship Awards and 
received an honorable mention 
in the Environmental Federation 
of Oklahoma’s Frank Condon 
Awards for Environmental 
Excellence for outstanding work 
on our NextGen Gas program
Minimizing  
Our Footprint
• Reduced company-wide Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 
by 43% since 2005, which 
indicates significant progress 
against our 2030 goal of a 
56% reduction
• Outperformed our 2022 AIP 
target of reducing total 
methane emissions by 5% from 
a three-year average
• Became the first large-scale 
midstream company in the 
U.S. to join OGMP 2.0, an 
international methane 
emissions reporting initiative, 
in early 2023
Protecting People  
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
• Performed 3,200 miles of 
pipeline integrity assessments 
to protect our people, 
environment and assets
• Donated $666,618 to directly 
support more than 285 first 
responder organizations 
throughout our footprint
Building an  
Empowered  
Workforce
• Administered over 135,434 
total hours of employee training
• Supported 10 ERGs with 
total membership exceeding 
1,100 employees, or nearly 
23% of our workforce
Strengthening 
Our Communities
• Contributed over $14 million to 
2,091 organizations across 49 
states and Washington, D.C.
• Volunteered at 88 nonprofit 
organizations in 17 states 
during our inaugural Williams 
Volunteer Week
• Participated in more than 200 
unique engagements with local 
community stakeholders
[3] As of May 2023.
[4] As of May 2022.
7Company OverviewWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report 7Company OverviewWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Williams’ Operations
Our interstate gas pipeline and gathering & processing operations span the United States, allowing 
our customers, investors, employees and communities to maximize the opportunities created by 
North America’s vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products.[1] 
[1] As of June 2023. Includes MountainWest assets which were acquired on February 14, 2023. 
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report 8Company Overview

Although Williams’ footprint is concentrated in the U.S., we recognize our responsibility to contribute to global efforts 
to achieve a more sustainable future. Contributing to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) 
offers Williams the opportunity to align our sustainability efforts to a globally recognized framework and play a 
meaningful role in the shared advancement of these goals. We conducted a benchmark assessment against the 17 
SDGs, down to the target level, to assess our highest priority goals. The assessment evaluated the SDGs based on 
key criteria, including connection to Williams’ material issues, alignment with the company’s business strategy and 
our ability to contribute to high-relevance indicators.
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
Affordable & Clean Energy
SDG Target 7.1: By 2030, ensure universal access to affordable, reliable 
and modern energy services.
Contribution to Relevant Indicators: Williams’ existing infrastructure and corporate strategy support the delivery 
of affordable, safe and reliable natural gas needed to meet U.S. energy demand. Additionally, Williams plays a pivotal 
role in the liquefied natural gas (LNG) value chain, contributing to global energy access and affordability. Williams 
continues to position itself as a long-term participant in the low-carbon economy by investing in natural gas, 
emerging energy markets and renewable energy projects. We continue to support a sustainable, clean energy future 
and commit to reducing GHG emissions from our operations while helping our customers achieve their emissions 
reduction goals.
For additional information regarding our contribution to this SDG, please refer to the Energy Transition and Low 
Carbon Economy, Energy Access, Affordability and Reliability and Climate Adaptation and Resilience sections.
Decent Work & Economic Growth
SDG Target 8.8: Protect labor rights and promote safe and secure working environments 
for all workers, including migrant workers, particularly female migrants and those in 
precarious employment.
Contribution to Relevant Indicators: Williams strives to foster a safe and healthy work environment where all 
employees feel empowered to advance their skills and make a difference in the world. Our pipeline and equipment 
integrity programs help protect the safety and security of our employees who work and live close to Williams’ natural 
gas infrastructure. We integrate workforce, contractor and public safety performance into our core business activities 
and are proactive about advancing our safety culture.
For additional information regarding our contribution to this SDG, please refer to the Pipeline and Asset Integrity, 
Workforce Safety, Public Safety and Employment Practices sections.
Contribution to Relevant Indicators: As one of the largest energy infrastructure companies in the U.S., 
Williams’ products and services help improve quality of life by providing communities with clean and dependable 
energy to heat buildings and water, generate electricity, cook food and dry clothes. Williams’ natural gas 
infrastructure connects the best natural gas supplies to the best natural gas demand centers, including LNG 
terminals that serve global markets. Natural gas-powered electricity generation enhances reliability in the U.S. 
electric power grid and provides the necessary backup supply that supports growth in renewable forms of energy. 
As we expand our footprint, we invest in local economies by creating jobs and generating tax revenue. 
Additionally, we lead in industry innovation through our New Energy Ventures group, which harnesses 
opportunities to grow our clean energy business.
For additional information regarding our contribution to this SDG, please refer to the Energy Access, Affordability 
and Reliability and Economic Impacts sections.
Industry Innovation & Infrastructure
SDG Target 9.1: Develop quality, reliable, sustainable and resilient infrastructure, including 
regional and transborder infrastructure, to support economic development and human well-
being, with a focus on affordable and equitable access for all.
Contribution to Relevant Indicators: Williams takes an active leadership position within our industry and the 
midstream sector to demonstrate transparent and sustainable achievements in Environmental, Social, and 
Governance (ESG) reporting. In addition to our own voluntary reporting, we co-directed an initiative with the Energy 
Infrastructure Council (EIC) to launch the first-ever midstream company ESG reporting template. The template 
provides all midstream energy infrastructure companies with key sustainability metrics reportable to investors in a 
transparent and comparable way. 
For additional information regarding our contribution to this SDG, please refer to the Sustainability Governance and 
Public Policy sections.
Responsible Consumption & Production
SDG Target 12.6: Encourage companies, especially large and transnational companies, to 
adopt sustainable practices and integrate sustainability information into their reporting cycle.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
9
Company Overview

Strong corporate governance that integrates the 
needs of our stakeholders into our strategy drives 
long-term business success. Williams focuses on 
corporate governance by maintaining clear 
expectations for selecting an effective board of 
directors, conducting robust shareholder 
communications and designing compensation 
programs that incentivize sustainable performance.
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines serve as the 
foundation for running our business with integrity, 
honesty and accountability to our stakeholders. The 
guidelines outline a framework for the role, structure 
and responsibilities of our board. At least annually, 
the governance and sustainability committee of the 
board reviews our guidelines and recommends 
changes, as necessary, to maintain alignment with 
corporate governance best practices and ensure 
regulatory compliance.
Corporate 
Governance
GRI 2-9, 2-10, 2-11, 2-12, 2-15, 2-18, 405-1
Robin Valsin, Commercial Contract Analyst and Stephanie Adams, Business Process Administration Analyst in the Williams Tower in Houston, Texas.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
10
Company Overview

Board of Directors
The Williams board of directors maintains responsibility 
for organizational planning, strategy and risk 
management programs, focusing on the major risks 
inherent in our business. In addition, the board creates 
and approves governance policies, incorporating 
feedback from shareholders.
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines require the board 
to meet at least four times annually; in 2022, the board 
held five meetings. Our board includes 12 members with 
strategic, technical and industry expertise. Board 
members bring insights from executive, regulatory and 
nonprofit organization leadership from across the natural 
gas industry and beyond. Shareholders elect our 
directors annually by a majority vote in an uncontested 
election. All directors are independent apart from our 
President and CEO, Alan Armstrong, and our Corporate 
Governance Guidelines stipulate that independent 
directors must meet before every scheduled full board 
meeting without management present. The board’s 
current preferred governance structure is to elect an 
independent director as chair.
Williams’ board includes four standing committees: 
audit; compensation and management development; 
environmental, health and safety; and governance and 
sustainability. Committees include only independent 
directors. As of February 1, 2023, women serve as chairs 
for half of our standing committees. For more information 
regarding the responsibilities of our board committees 
and 2022 changes to committee charters pertaining to 
ESG, please refer to the Sustainability Governance 
section or committee charters on our website.
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines limit the number 
of public company boards on which a Williams director 
may serve. Williams’ Policy on Securities Trading 
prohibits our directors, officers and other employees from 
engaging in short sales, hedging transactions, 
speculative transactions or any transactions designed to 
hedge or offset a decrease in the market value of 
company securities. Company securities include 
common stock, debt, stock options and other derivative 
or non-derivative securities related to company stock.
To promote consistently strong performance and 
continuous improvement, our board and each committee 
participate in annual self-evaluations. The governance 
and sustainability committee evaluates each director’s 
individual performance as needed. 
Board of Directors
Alan Armstrong 
Inside Director
Stephen Bergstrom 
Chair Michael Creel
Stacey Doré Carri Lockhart[1] Richard Muncrief[2]
Peter Ragauss Rose Robeson Scott Sheffield
Murray Smith William Spence Jesse Tyson[3]
[1]  Appointed to the board, effective February 10, 2023, following the resignation of Nancy Buese.
[2]  Appointed to the board on March 1, 2022, following the retirement of Stephen Chazen, effective April 26, 2022.
[3]  Appointed to the board on March 1, 2022, following the retirement of Charles Cogut, effective April 26, 2022.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
11
Company Overview

Tenure of Board MembersBoard Ethnic and Racial Diversity
 Gender of Board of Directors Age of Board Members
Reflecting our vision for the organization’s long-term 
success, we seek highly qualified board members 
with diverse backgrounds, viewpoints and 
expertise, a reputation for leadership and integrity 
and a commitment to act in the interest of 
shareholders. When nominating directors to fill 
vacancies or new positions, we observe the 
“Rooney Rule,” which requires consideration of 
candidates with a diversity of race, ethnicity and 
gender. On February 1, 2023, we appointed an 
additional female director, Carri Lockhart. Currently, 
female directors make up 25% of our board. 
Additionally, we strive to keep a board of directors 
with diverse occupational and personal 
backgrounds that advance the board’s skills in a 
variety of key topics, including the energy transition, 
human capital management and information 
technology and cybersecurity.
Board Composition
9 Male
1 Racially or Ethnically Diverse
11 Not Racially or Ethnically Diverse
2 <55 5 55–65 5 66 +
4 <3 6 3–9 2 10 +
Gender of 
Board Members
Age of 
Board Members
Board Racial & 
Ethnic Diversity
Tenure of 
Board Members
The mandated retirement date for a director is the 
first annual meeting of shareholders following the 
director’s 75th birthday, unless otherwise voted on 
and waived. In observation of this policy, two of 
our directors, Charles Cogut and Stephen Chazen, 
retired from the board in 2022. When considering 
board tenure, we strive to balance the benefits of 
the experience developed through longevity and 
the fresh insight new directors lend. In 2022, our 
average board member tenure was 4.9 years.
3 Female
Transco Station 185 in Manassas, Virginia.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
12
Company Overview

Shareholder Relations
Williams strives to provide our shareholders with 
reliable gains by focusing on financial strength, 
long-term value and a sustainable growth strategy. 
We maintain an open dialogue with shareholders, 
including board-level engagement with institutional 
investors, allowing us to address issues, share 
relevant information and enhance alignment with 
shareholder expectations. We welcome candid 
feedback on our corporate strategy and ESG efforts; 
for example, in 2022, we invited a shareholder and a 
non-holder to candidly share their perspectives at one 
of our board meetings.
In 2022, members of our executive management 
team participated in 11 investor conferences, five 
non-deal roadshows, four Q&A sessions, 18 
conference calls and one Analyst Day. Through these 
stockholder outreach efforts, we interacted with 
institutional stockholders from investment firms 
representing more than 50% of Williams’ institutional 
shares outstanding. 
During such meetings, topics of discussion include 
Williams’ strategy, operations, financial performance 
and ESG efforts, as well as broader energy industry 
topics and trends. The investor relations team at 
Williams also shares these same key messages with 
the financial community throughout the year through 
phone calls, video calls and email correspondence. 
In 2022, the investor relations team facilitated 16 
ESG-focused investor conference calls, eight of which 
included a member of the executive management 
team. We value investor perspectives by carefully 
considering and evaluating alignment with our 
long-term corporate strategy and associated ESG 
efforts. For more information, please visit our Investor 
Relations website.
We are responsive to shareholder proposals and 
welcome opportunities to enhance our management 
of sustainability topics in response to shareholder 
concerns. For example, in March 2022, we published 
our EEO-1 Survey Data, which provides a 
demographic breakdown of our workforce, for the first 
time in our Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) report. 
Additionally, to meet shareholder expectations and our 
commitment to D&I, we reinforced our efforts to 
refresh and diversify our board and employee base 
throughout 2022. To meet shareholder expectations of 
our methane emissions reporting transparency and 
reduction initiatives, in early 2023, we joined the Oil & 
Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 (OGMP 2.0), the United 
Nations Environment Programme’s methane reporting 
and mitigation framework.
Due to the interconnection between ESG risks and 
opportunities and other business risks, Williams must 
maintain clear and effective expectations for the 
management and oversight of ESG-related topics. 
Strong sustainability governance allows us to mitigate 
risks and harness opportunities, monitor our positive 
and negative ESG-related impacts, transparently 
dialogue with stakeholders and accurately measure 
GRI 2-12, 2-13, 2-14, 2-16, 2-17, 2-24; SDG 12; TCFD: Governance, Risk Management, Metrics and Targets
Sustainability Governance
our ESG performance over time. Williams is proud to 
be an industry leader in sustainability governance, 
disclosure and performance. We continue to receive 
positive feedback from stakeholders about our robust 
and transparent actions. Each year we strive to 
enhance our programs to be increasingly effective, 
better manage our impacts and prepare for a more 
sustainable future.
Carlos Hopkins, Pipeline Controller Lead and Bradley Davis, IT Business Systems Analyst in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
13
Company Overview

Board of Directors Oversight
Shareholders, regulatory agencies and other 
stakeholders continue to increase engagement around 
our management, performance and disclosure of key 
ESG topics. The responsibility to oversee the 
sustainability of our business and its impacts on the 
economy, environment and people belongs to each of 
our board committees as well as to the full board of 
directors, and our board continues to increase 
engagement with our sustainability strategy. Only 
independent directors serve on each of the following 
board committees:
• The governance and sustainability committee 
oversees the formulation of our ESG strategy and 
policies, which includes climate change oversight. 
This committee also receives progress updates on 
the development of our sustainability report during 
regularly scheduled committee meetings. 
• The environmental, health and safety committee 
oversees the company’s environmental, health and 
safety performance, including helping to set ESG-
related compensation metrics. This committee also 
shares oversight with the compensation and 
management development committee for employee 
health and development. 
• The audit committee oversees our ESG disclosures, 
including our sustainability report, and our 
cybersecurity risk management protocol.
• The compensation and management 
development committee oversees human capital 
management progress on matters such as 
diversity and inclusion and succession planning. 
This committee also modifies the compensation 
program, as needed, to help us attain our 
sustainability-related goals. In addition, the 
committee shares oversight with the environmental, 
health and safety committee for employee health 
and development.
In 2022, we amended our board charters to formalize 
existing practices and clarify responsibilities on 
cybersecurity, human capital management and climate 
change oversight. These include establishing 
responsibility for the full board to oversee our 
cybersecurity risk management, with the audit 
committee assuming responsibility for overseeing our 
cybersecurity risk management protocol 
implementation, effectiveness evaluation and response 
to breaches or cyberattacks. Additionally, we 
distinguished climate change and Williams’ energy 
transition and low carbon economy strategy as topics 
that the governance and sustainability committee must 
consider as part of their ESG oversight.
Williams Delegation of Authority Policy requires board 
approval for large projects and mergers and acquisitions 
with capital expenditures greater than $200 million, 
which integrates board oversight into our identification 
and management of environmental, social and economic 
impacts that may be associated with these large 
transactions. When seeking approval, management 
presents a project overview that includes strategic 
alignment and project risk identification.
Risk Assessment
Annually, William’s strategy team leads our strategic 
risk assessment process. Included in this process is 
a survey, directed to key leaders across the 
organization, to assess and score risks that could 
affect our strategic objectives. Risks are scored on 
potential impact, likelihood of occurrence and 
effectiveness of controls surrounding the risks. 
Results of the survey are used as an input in the 
primary containment (LOPC) events. Each accounting 
for 5% of the total AIP , ESG metrics now make up 15% 
of total business performance, an increase from 10% in 
2021. These ESG goals clearly communicate our focus 
on reducing environmental, safety and operational risks, 
and align with our Core Values to be “Responsible 
Stewards” and “Safety Driven.”
Our ultimate objective will always be to eliminate incidents 
entirely. To achieve this goal, we must continue shifting 
our safety culture from reactive to proactive. In 2022, we 
began using the leading indicator of Behavioral Near Miss 
to Incident Ratio to supplement the traditional lagging 
indicator metrics used industry-wide. This metric captures 
at-risk behaviors, which allows us to detect and mitigate 
hazardous scenarios before they manifest into incidents. 
We set a target of 9:1, or nine at-risk behaviors identified 
for every one incident with an associated at-risk behavior, 
and we ended 2022 well above our target at 16.2 
behavioral near misses per behavioral incident.[2] 
[2]  Data assured by ERM CVS. At-risk behaviors are defined as 
“Measures taken or omitted by a person, including but not limited to 
mistakes, errors, and intentional violation of a rule or procedure, that 
increases the chances of an incident occurring.” Life critical 
deviations are included in the metric and defined as “An instance 
when an applicable Life Critical Operating Requirement is not 
followed by Williams’ Personnel or Williams’ Contractors.”
Annual Incentive Program
To align compensation with company and stakeholder 
priorities and engage the entire organization to meet 
common goals, all employees participate in an annual 
incentive plan. More than 98% of employees, including 
all operating employees, are eligible for the Williams 
Annual Incentive Program (AIP), including our executive 
leadership officers.[1] The AIP ties compensation 
incentives to Williams’ financial, safety and environmental 
performance, with the goal of enhancing teamwork by 
aligning front-line and executive leadership goals, 
promoting organizational achievement and recognizing 
employee contributions. The environmental, health and 
safety committee of the board reviews and approves 
metrics included in the AIP . 
Williams’ AIP measures business performance through 
two financial metrics and three ESG metrics. In 2022, 
we incorporated the third ESG metric — to reduce 
2022 methane emissions by 5% compared to a 3-year 
(2019–2021) average baseline — and replaced the 
previous near-miss-to-incident ratio metric with a goal 
to increase our Behavioral Near Miss to Incident Ratio, 
emphasizing our focus on a culture of safety. Our final 
ESG-related AIP metric for 2022 is to reduce loss of 
[1]  Employees participating in Williams’ Trading Incentive Program 
(~100 employees) are not eligible for the AIP .
determination of Williams’ top risks. Each top risk is 
assigned a tolerance level and given a tolerance 
alignment rating. Top risks may directly or indirectly 
correspond with our material ESG topics, including 
climate-related risks. Results of the strategic risk 
assessment are shared with the board as a part of the 
annual strategy process.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
14
Company Overview

Management Oversight
In 2022, Williams continued to build out our dedicated 
corporate ESG function to manage sustainability 
topics on a day-to-day basis. We continue to hire 
full-time, designated employees to grow this capability. 
Our corporate ESG function develops and integrates 
our sustainability strategy by coordinating with internal 
stakeholders across the organization. Given the close 
working relationship between the corporate ESG and 
investor relations functions and the persistent 
importance of ESG to our long-term business viability, 
the corporate ESG team shifted under the umbrella of 
our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
(CFO) in 2022. Our teams regularly engage with 
shareholders on ESG concerns and monitor investor 
messaging and voting commitments to understand 
and address topics of concern.
Williams’ management-level ESG Director 
maintains responsibility for engaging with Williams’ 
shareholders to understand ESG expectations and 
increasing the visibility of our performance, which 
includes monitoring investor engagement and 
responding to ESG ratings and rankings organizations. 
The ESG Director reports to Williams’ Vice President of 
Investor Relations and ESG. Because sustainability is a 
responsibility that every corner of the business must 
pursue, our ESG Steering Committee supports the 
development and implementation of cross-functional 
sustainability initiatives.
In addition to our organizational targets for critical 
topics such as emissions reduction and workforce 
safety, our corporate ESG team stays abreast of best 
practices and metrics against which we evaluate our 
sustainability governance performance. Williams 
benchmarks against the S&P Global Corporate 
Sustainability Assessment (CSA) questionnaire, CDP 
Climate Change questionnaire, MSCI ratings and 
Sustainalytics ratings to evaluate our sustainability 
governance practices and overall sustainability 
performance. In 2022, we outpaced our industry 
across these key rankings and were named for the 
third consecutive year to the Dow Jones 
Sustainability™ North America Index and for the 
second consecutive year to the Dow Jones 
Sustainability™ World Index, both informed by the 
S&P Global CSA.
The Williams Integrated Management System (WIMS) 
and corporate policies integrate ESG stewardship into 
our everyday operations and apply to Williams 
employees, contractors, operating assets, projects 
and offices. Embodied within Williams’ Environmental, 
Health and Safety Policy, as well as our Core Values, 
Williams is committed to the health and safety of our 
workforce and the protection of our neighbors, the 
environment and our assets. Execution of this 
commitment is driven through strict adherence to 
WIMS, which is the framework of policies, 
requirements, guidelines, procedures, standards, 
specifications and other documents used to design, 
build, operate and maintain our assets. WIMS is 
designed to advise our operations teams to focus on 
the requirements and safe operation of our assets 
without confusion regarding applicable agency 
requirements. WIMS is a sustainable management 
system driven by leadership, with built-in mechanisms 
for assessments and continuous improvement.
ESG Oversight
Board Oversight
•  Oversees our Board composition, which considers all 
aspects of diversity, including gender, ethnic and racial
•  Oversees the management of top strategic risks, 
including ESG-related risks
• Oversees integration of ESG into our corporate strategy
•  Reviews our annual Sustainability Report prior 
to publication
Management Oversight
•  Establishes a process to ensure accountability for ESG 
performance cascades across the organization
•  Identifies material ESG-related risks and opportunities and 
creates processes and procedures to mitigate these risks 
•  Oversees the Williams Integrated Management System 
(WIMS), which contains operating requirements, project 
standards and corporate policies to drive integrated 
ESG practices into our operations. WIMS applies to all 
employees, contractors, operations, assets, projects 
and offices
Standing Committee ESG-Related Oversight
Audit Committee 
•  Discusses with management policies related to risk 
assessment and risk management and steps taken to 
monitor and control exposures, which may include 
discussion of climate-related risks and opportunities
Compensation & Management 
Development Committee
•  Oversees and approves the executive compensation 
philosophy, policies, and programs that align the interest 
of our executives with our stockholders
•  Advises on elements of human capital management, 
including annual reviews of diversity and inclusion 
initiatives and progress and management’s efforts to 
increase diverse representation across recruiting, 
retention, and career development
Environmental, Health & Safety Committee
•  Reviews and monitors Williams’ EH&S activities, efforts to 
create a culture of continuous improvement in Williams’ 
EH&S practices and efforts to develop and effectively 
implement EH&S systems, programs and policies
•  Reviews critical incidents regarding the Company’s 
assets or operations and oversees management’s 
monitoring and enforcement of policies to protect the 
health and safety of employees, contractors, customers, 
the public and the environment
Governance & Sustainability Committee
•  Oversees ESG policies and strategy, including matters 
that may arise due to climate change and energy 
transition, and reviews emerging issues, trends, major 
legislative and regulatory developments, stakeholder 
engagement, or other public policy matters related to 
ESG that may affect business operations, material 
financial performance or Williams’ reputation
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
15
Company Overview

To effectively serve Williams’ stakeholders and 
long-term business interests, our employees and 
anyone else representing our organization are 
expected to conduct themselves with integrity and 
honesty. At Williams, we believe it takes more than 
strong results to truly be a great company; our 
commitment to ethics and compliance drives our 
Corporate Behavior & Ethics
GRI 2-23, 2-24, 2-26
sustainability, resiliency and profitability. Our culture 
of ethics is informed by our Core Values — to be 
Authentic, Safety Driven, Reliable Performers and 
Responsible Stewards — and codified in our Code 
of Business Conduct. We foster this culture among 
our personnel through employee training programs 
and confidential reporting mechanisms.
Code of Business Conduct
Our Code of Business Conduct (Code) details how 
we must act upon our Core Values in our day-to-day 
actions and interactions with key stakeholders. It 
applies to all directors, officers and employees, 
including those in our subsidiaries and, in certain 
cases, our joint ventures. Adherence with our Code 
enables our business to remain compliant with 
applicable laws and regulations, avoid conflicts of 
interest, respect human rights and keep a safe and 
inclusive workplace free of harassment, 
discrimination and retaliation.
As outlined in the Code, we strictly prohibit any act 
of corruption, bribery, the making of facilitation 
payments, fraud, extortion, conflicts of interest and 
the giving or receiving of gifts designed to influence 
the recipient’s judgment. The board of directors 
approves and oversees the implementation of our 
Code. In 2022, the board approved revisions to the 
Code, which expanded the scope of corrupt 
conduct prohibited by Williams, added a subsection 
to emphasize the expectation of proper engagement 
with government affairs or legal functions before 
engaging in lobbying activities and expanded 
guidance for avoiding conflicts of interest when 
pursuing outside employment.
All employees must annually complete Code of 
Business Conduct refresher training; new employees 
must complete the training within the first 30 days of 
employment. As part of this computer-based 
training, employees must acknowledge that they 
have read and understand the Code’s expectations. 
In addition, all leaders must complete an 11-question 
certification to confirm their understanding of Code 
expectations. In 2022, 100% of our employees 
completed compliance and ethics training courses. 
Violations of our Code, policies or the law may carry 
serious consequences for Williams and the individuals 
involved. Individuals who engage in, direct or facilitate 
unethical or illegal behavior may be subject to 
disciplinary action up to and including employment 
termination. Consistent with our Core Values, our 
disciplinary process treats each party with dignity and 
respect, and disciplinary measures will be applied in a 
manner appropriate to the situation.
Authentic 
Our integrity cannot be compromised; for more than 
a century, we’ve remained true to ourselves, always 
striving to do the right thing every time.
Safety Driven 
Safeguarding our people and neighbors is 
engrained in our culture and fundamental 
to everything we do.
Reliable Performers 
We stand behind our reputation as a dependable and 
trustworthy business that delivers on our promises.
Responsible Stewards 
We are dedicated to strengthening our people 
and communities and protecting the environment.
Core Values
Our Core Values guide every action and enable sustainable practices.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
16
Company Overview

Governance
Williams’ Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer leads 
our ethics and compliance program and manages our 
corporate behavior and ethics guidance documents, 
training and reporting structure. The ethics and 
compliance team works closely with the legal and 
government affairs functions to monitor enforcement 
activity by regulatory stakeholders, understand 
legislative and regulatory developments and assist 
employees in remaining compliant with our Code. As 
necessary, the team develops internal 
communications, policy revisions and supplementary 
trainings to maintain alignment with legal and 
regulatory developments, such as the recent revisions 
to the Department of Justice’s Corporate Enforcement 
Policy (“Monaco Memo”) and ongoing activity of the 
National Labor Relations Board (NLRB). The Williams 
Business Ethics Resource Center (BERC), housed 
within the ethics and compliance program, serves as 
an employee resource for corporate behavior and 
ethics concerns. Additionally, the Federal Energy 
Regulatory Commission (FERC) compliance officer 
oversees all compliance efforts related to this highly 
regulated area of our business.
The Williams Ethics Advisory panel evaluates the 
effectiveness of the ethics and compliance program. 
The panel includes officers and directors representing 
our business’s most highly regulated components. The 
panel meets regularly to undertake an ethics and 
compliance assessment that employs comparative 
benchmarking metrics that help us maintain alignment 
with corporate behavior best practices. The panel 
communicates the results of its review to the 
governance and sustainability committee of the board. 
In addition to periodic ethics and compliance risk 
assessments conducted by our internal audit function, 
in 2022, Williams engaged a third-party firm to 
evaluate methods used by the ethics and compliance 
program to promote, monitor and enforce compliance 
with internal ethics standards and external regulations. 
Additionally, the board receives quarterly updates on 
ethics and compliance complaints. 
The audit committee of the board of directors 
maintains procedures for receiving, retaining and 
treating complaints regarding accounting, internal 
accounting controls or auditing matters. Williams was 
not involved in any pending or completed legal 
actions, fines or settlements in 2022 related to bribery, 
corruption, allegations of anti-competitive behavior or 
violations of anti-trust/monopoly legislation. Williams 
remains subject to two outstanding putative class 
action lawsuits (filed in 2007 and 2009 and now 
consolidated) arising from alleged manipulation of 
published gas price indices from 2000 through 2002. 
In January 2022, Williams settled a lawsuit filed by an 
individual in 2005 asserting identical allegations, which 
we disclosed in our Form 10-K. In October 2022, 
Williams settled the remaining putative class actions. 
We await final court approval of the settlement. 
Williams discontinued all price reporting in 2006. 
Williams provides regular training and has specific 
policies addressing market manipulation and antitrust.
Clem Collins, Supply Chain Manager, Angela Mayer, Senior Engineer and Mike Mish, E&C Project 
Manager in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
17
Company Overview

Reporting Concerns
Multiple aspects of our business are subject to 
complex regulatory requirements. We aim to enable 
our employees to effectively navigate the ethical, 
regulatory and legal expectations of their positions, 
escalate concerns when necessary and report any 
suspected violations of our Code or the law.
Williams offers several confidential and anonymous 
mechanisms for reporting suspected ethical 
violations, including the 24/7, toll-free Williams Action 
Line and accompanying online reporting website, 
both operated by an independent third party. 
Additionally, we encourage employees to report 
concerns to the Williams BERC, their immediate 
supervisor, and/or a human resources business 
partner. We proactively share these resources 
through our ethics and compliance program and 
other company communications. This creates an 
expectation and environment of integrity and safe 
workplace that allows our employees to work at their 
highest level, catalyzing their career pursuits, 
company objectives, and shareholder value.
Our Code prohibits employees from engaging in or 
tolerating retaliation or any form of harassment 
directed against an employee who reports a 
suspected problem in good faith. Our employee 
relations investigative team, consisting of legal, 
Williams BERC and human resources representatives, 
evaluates all alleged violations of law or company 
policies to assess the appropriate level of investigation. 
Williams determines the appropriate next steps and, 
where warranted, takes appropriate corrective action, up 
to and including dismissal. In 2022, we evaluated 172 
concerns through ethics reporting channels. Over the 
past four fiscal years, there have been no substantiated 
cases of corruption or bribery, or ongoing investigations 
by local or international authorities.
Maintaining a culture of ethics includes ensuring that 
Williams is a safe and dignified workplace for all 
employees. Discrimination, harassment and violence of 
any kind are unacceptable. Williams has established 
Employee Relations practices and policies to investigate 
complaints of discrimination or harassment appropriately 
and impartially. We assess all reported allegations or 
concerns, manage each with strict confidence, and take 
corrective actions where necessary. We strive to stay 
abreast of changes to internal culture trends, explore 
opportunities for continuous improvement in our existing 
policies and identify when increased training is needed 
to ensure our employees understand our policies and 
feel valued, heard and safe. For more information, please 
refer to the Diversity & Inclusion section.
2022 Number of Ethics Inquiries 
Received by Reporting Channel
2022 Number of Ethics Inquiries....
4  Williams Business Ethics Resource Center
14 Williams Action Line and Online Reporting Website
36 Other
46 Management
72 Human Resources
172
Total
Roy Blankenship, Senior Operations Technician and Joey Page, Senior Manager of Operations at the Pine Needle 
station in North Carolina.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
18
Company Overview

Providing Clean, 
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Company Overview Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy Minimizing Our Footprint Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure Building an Empowered Workforce Strengthening Communities Appendix
With the largest and most flexible natural gas 
transmission network in the U.S., Williams safely delivers 
affordable and reliable energy to fuel the clean energy 
economy. We are embracing emerging technologies for a 
clean energy future while providing reliable solutions to 
meet the demands of today.
Harrison Hub Fractionation Plant in Scio, Ohio.
19Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable EnergyWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Why This Matters to Williams
The role of natural gas in the transition to a low-carbon 
economy is essential. By deploying modern 
technologies on existing energy infrastructure, the 
natural gas industry can play a key role in mitigating 
climate change and meeting market demand for 
low-carbon energy sources right here, right now. Natural 
gas has already been a critical tool for reducing GHG 
emissions and local air pollutants from the U.S. energy 
sector by replacing coal-fired power plants across the 
country. In the U.S., power generation from natural gas 
has grown by 54% over the past decade while coal-
fired generation decreased by 47% over the same 
period. This has been the trend since 2007, that U.S. 
electricity generation from natural gas increased while 
generation from coal and oil decreased. Over that same 
period, CO2 emissions from the electric power sector 
declined by 36%.[1] The ability to replace dirtier fuels and 
reduce emissions is just one reason that natural gas will 
be key to meeting future energy demand. The U.S. has 
existing midstream infrastructure and an abundant 
supply of natural gas resources, making it an affordable, 
[1]  According to the 2021 EIA U.S. Energy-Related Carbon Dioxide 
Emissions Report.
Our Approach
Williams is deploying practical and immediate steps 
to reduce our GHG emissions while investing in the 
technology needed to build a clean energy future. 
We are proud of the critical role that natural gas 
plays in reducing emissions in the U.S. At the same 
time, we recognize that more needs to be done to 
support the energy transition to a sustainable, 
low-carbon economy. 
Williams was the first North American midstream 
company to commit to actionable climate targets. 
As a result, we have reduced our company-wide 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 43% since 2005, 
dependable, and quickly dispatchable energy source. 
Natural gas is forecasted to account for 22% of 
electricity generation by 2050, currently accounting for 
39%, according to the Energy Information 
Administration. At the same time, by 2050, renewables 
(hydropower, solar, and wind energy) are predicted to 
increase to provide 63% of U.S. electricity 
generation.[2] As renewables comprise a larger share of 
the electricity generation mix, in turn increasing the risk 
of intermittent renewables supply and the inability to 
meet growing peak-day power demand, additional 
natural gas pipeline capacity will be needed to back up 
these intermittent sources when the sun isn’t shining 
and the wind isn’t blowing. As a seller of natural gas 
pipeline capacity supported by long-term take-or-pay 
contracts, Williams will be there to provide customers 
with a reliable, fully dispatchable backup supply. To 
remain competitive with and support the deployment 
of alternative energy sources, Williams must continue 
to pursue opportunities to innovate and deploy 
low-carbon technologies that support a safe and 
prosperous energy transition.
[2]  Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration, Annual Energy 
Outlook 2023 (AEO2023), Table 8: Electricity Supply, Disposition, 
Prices, and Emissions; Total Energy Monthly Data — U.S. Energy 
Information Administration (EIA), Table 7.2a Electricity Net 
Generation Total (All Sectors).
making considerable progress toward our 2030 goal of 
a 56% reduction. This progress puts us on a positive 
trajectory toward our net zero GHG emissions aspiration 
by 2050. Currently, we are strategically focused on 
reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions, but we continue to 
have ongoing conversations with internal and external 
stakeholders regarding the role of Scope 3 emissions 
for midstream pipeline companies. For additional 
information regarding our progression towards achieving 
our GHG emissions reduction goals, please refer to the 
Operational Greenhouse Gas Emissions section.
Energy Transition & 
Low-Carbon Economy
GRI 3-3 (11.2.1), 201-2 (11.2.2), 305-5 (11.2.3), 11.2.4, SDG 7; TCFD: Metrics and Targets
U.S. Electric Power Sector: CO2 Emissions vs. Natural Gas Market Share[3]
[3] Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration, March 2022.
U.S. Electric Power Sector: CO2 Emissions vs. Natural Gas Market Share[3]
[3] Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration, March 2022
2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
MM Tons CO2
% of U.S. Electricity Net Generation from Natural Gas
10%
20%
30%
40%
500
1,000
1,500
2,500
2,000
Millions of Tons of CO2Percentage of U.S. Electricity Net Generation From Natural Gas
50%
2
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
20
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

New Energy Ventures
Williams is advancing our long-term climate commitment through continued operational optimization and asset 
modernization, along with the development of decarbonization projects by our New Energy Ventures group. New 
Energy Ventures is a business development group focused on advancing innovative technologies, markets and 
business models to grow our clean energy business and promote emissions reductions. New Energy Ventures 
collaborates with talent across Williams, external partners and customers to evaluate and implement projects that 
deliver environmental and financial gains. The team uses the following guiding principles to prioritize our areas of 
focus and investment.
The New Energy Ventures strategy complements Williams’ core business and enhances our infrastructure services 
available to energy markets. New Energy Ventures strives to create near-term value through products such as 
NextGen Gas, as well as medium- and long-term value through technologies like solar and battery storage, carbon 
capture, utilization and storage (CCUS), low-carbon hydrogen and renewable natural gas (RNG).
Changes in stakeholder interest and the regulatory 
landscape influence the magnitude and pace of 
Williams’ ESG strategy regarding the energy transition 
and low-carbon economy. For example, we continue 
to receive investor questions about our progress on 
reducing operational GHG emissions, capital allocation 
toward clean energy technology and scalable 
opportunities to participate in and advance the energy 
transition. Additionally, federal and state regulatory 
agencies are increasingly using incentives to reduce 
GHG emissions and drive investments in clean energy, 
including through the 45Q tax credit, the Inflation 
Reduction Act, Federal Energy Regulatory 
Commission (FERC) and Council on Environmental 
Quality (CEQ) environmental justice considerations and 
other state-specific regulations.
In recognition of these shifting interests, Williams’ 
ESG strategy balances current and future regulations 
with immediate opportunities to contribute to the 
low-carbon economy. Executing against this strategy, 
our New Energy Ventures (NEV) group took several 
actions in 2022 to pursue sustainable investments, 
including the following:
• Williams invested in and partnered with Context 
Labs, launching the development of the NextGen 
Gas platform in March 2022. The first NextGen Gas 
deal, consisting of full supply chain measurement of 
methane intensity from production through delivery, 
was completed in December 2022.
• Williams invested in multiple emissions monitoring 
and sensing companies to support the development 
of the NextGen Gas program, including LongPath 
Technologies, Encino Environmental and 
Orbital Sidekick.
• Williams invested in INGU, a pipeline inspection 
technology company focused on reducing costs 
for gathering pipeline integrity data.
With our existing energy infrastructure, Williams 
is well positioned to transport, store and deliver 
next generation natural gas and accelerate the 
development of zero carbon energy sources 
including hydrogen and renewables.
CHAD ZAMARIN, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT OF CORPORATE STRATEGIC 
DEVELOPMENT FOR WILLIAMS
“
”
Achieve 
carbon reductions 
for ourselves, our 
customers 
and partners
Create 
economic value 
with actionable 
investments
Target 
opportunities where 
our midstream 
competencies 
provide strong 
competitive 
advantages
Provide 
scalable options 
for the future
Grays Harbor Metering Station in Aberdeen, Washington.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
21
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

One of the tools to help us achieve net zero emissions and decarbonize hard-to-abate industrial processes is CCUS. 
Williams already captures CO2 at some of our gas processing and treatment plants, including our Dilley treatment 
facility in Texas and Parachute Creek gas processing plant in Colorado. Participating in the CCUS value chain can 
reduce our operational emissions and support our customers’ emissions reduction ambitions. Williams utilizes our 
core competencies to develop the infrastructure required to capture, transport and sequester CO2. To participate 
more fully in the low-carbon economy, we are exploring the following opportunities to:
• Capture CO2 at existing Williams gathering and processing assets, compressor stations and customer facilities
• Repurpose existing, underutilized transmission assets for CO2 service
• Form partnerships to ensure captured CO2 will be sequestered permanently
• Build, own and operate greenfield CO2 infrastructure
In 2022, Williams joined the Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute, an international think tank whose mission 
is to accelerate the deployment of carbon capture and storage (CCS) globally. As members of the Institute, we 
collaborate with the broad membership base and expertise of the Global CCS Institute to develop innovative projects 
and shape policies that prioritize CCS efforts for a lower-carbon future. We continue to evaluate carbon capture and 
sequestration opportunities across our asset footprint and are collaborating with our customers and industry peers 
to assess regional sequestration hubs.
Carbon Capture, Utilization & Storage (CCUS)
Williams’ NextGen Gas is the latest evolution of 
certified, low-emissions natural gas and one of the 
many lower-carbon products we are developing with 
our customers and technology partners. Through 
Williams’ NextGen Gas certification process — an 
industry first — natural gas is securely measured, 
tracked and independently certified, providing a 
verified emissions profile across the entire value 
chain. Our NextGen Gas program captures the 
progress made in GHG reductions from our 
operations, customers and suppliers using monitoring 
and measurement technologies. These technologies 
include satellites, flyovers and multiple sensing 
devices, as well as real-time internal operational data 
that is designed to meet the OGMP 2.0 Gold 
Standard protocols.
To enable this certification process, Williams worked 
with Context Labs and other technology partners to 
develop a dashboard that tracks methane emissions 
across our assets and operations, allowing us to 
understand operational efficiencies down to both the 
facility and the equipment level. The dashboard 
enhances internal transparency by highlighting the 
most important areas of performance and builds 
accountability for Williams teams that are responsible 
for delivering on performance. As a result, NextGen 
gas is gathered, processed, stored and transported to 
end users with the highest level of emissions data 
transparency generated by today’s technology.
By leveraging block-chain technology to measure and 
securely track end-to-end emissions, Williams is 
providing greater trust and transparency regarding 
methane intensity to our downstream markets to help 
customers reduce emissions and meet their climate 
commitments. In addition, Williams is building a 
marketing platform to sell NextGen Gas to utilities, 
liquified natural gas (LNG) export facilities and other 
clean energy users. As customers set goals and 
governments establish targets and regulations to 
reduce emissions, we anticipate that our NextGen Gas 
offering will provide expanded commercial 
opportunities. For more information, see our NextGen 
Gas website page.
Monitoring & Certification of Emissions With NextGen Gas
Williams’ Corporate Venture Capital program invests in innovative technologies that facilitate a competitive advantage 
in accessing evolving energy markets. Corporate ventures and partnerships with startup incubators demonstrate our 
commitment to innovation by fostering technology at the forefront of the energy transition. Williams works through 
several pathways in this space, including:
• Investing directly into start-up companies
• Participating as a limited partner in funds set up expressly to invest in low-carbon technologies
• Partnering with other like-minded companies with net zero ambitions to fund the development of technical 
solutions for decarbonizing energy-intensive products or services
Through this work, Williams is focused on leveraging our large-scale energy infrastructure with innovations and 
emerging technology to better serve the clean energy needs of our customers and accelerate the next-generation 
energy marketplace. See our website for recent investments made through our Corporate Venture Capital program.
Sustainability Investment for the Future (Corporate Venture Capital Program)
Jerry Oakes, Operations Supervisor, at Compressor Station 165 in Virginia.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
22
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

In 2021, the Wyoming Energy Authority (WEA) selected 
Williams to participate in the state’s Hydrogen Pilot 
Project, aiming to demonstrate the successful design 
and construction of green and blue hydrogen 
production and use. The WEA awarded Williams a 
nearly $1 million grant to complete a feasibility study. 
With the support of the University of Wyoming School of 
Energy Resources, Williams is evaluating water access, 
compatibility and asset integrity in support of green 
hydrogen production and transportation near our 
facilities in Wamsutter and Opal, Wyoming. To show our 
commitment to supporting Wyoming’s clean energy 
hub objective, Williams provided an additional $200,000 
to the study, which we plan to complete in 2023.
As a founding member of the Clean Hydrogen Future 
Coalition, Williams works with fellow energy 
companies, labor unions, utilities, non-governmental 
As a midstream industry leader, we believe we can 
successfully leverage our business to be an early 
developer and adopter of clean energy technology 
such as hydrogen. Hydrogen offers versatility as a 
method of energy storage, source of fuel and raw 
material input for various industrial and energy-
intensive processes. This is a tool for decarbonization, 
as hydrogen can reduce downstream GHG emissions 
for our customers and infrastructure network, aiding 
them in achieving their emissions reduction objectives.
Williams’ Hydrogen Development Program allows us 
to play a role in developing a new market with 
significant growth potential. Our experience and assets 
related to treating, processing, storing and 
transporting natural gas provide a pathway for us to 
scale the hydrogen economy. We are actively 
exploring projects such as:
• Developing hydrogen pipelines and storage solutions
• Blending hydrogen into our existing 
transmission pipelines
• Generating low-carbon hydrogen from electrolysis 
with renewable power (green hydrogen) and from 
NextGen Gas with CCUS (blue hydrogen)
• Utilizing hydrogen blends as fuel for our turbines and 
compressors to reduce Scope 1 emissions
• Understanding the potential for generating synthetic 
methane, or renewable natural gas, from low carbon 
hydrogen combined with captured CO2
Low-Carbon Hydrogen Research & Development
Williams is pursuing low carbon hydrogen 
opportunities, which we define as hydrogen with a 
footprint of fewer than two kilograms of carbon dioxide 
equivalent (CO2e) per kilogram of hydrogen. This is an 
80% reduction compared to traditional production 
technologies. Several technologies will be needed to 
scale low carbon hydrogen, including hydrogen 
produced from renewable power via electrolysis and 
steam methane reforming or auto-thermal reforming 
coupled with carbon capture. Thus, as we expand our 
low carbon hydrogen investments, we remain flexible 
on the production method so long as it achieves the 
desired carbon reductions.
Williams is studying the effects of blending low carbon 
hydrogen with natural gas in our pipeline infrastructure. 
We are developing pilot projects in the Northeast, 
Mid-Atlantic and Pacific Northwest to blend low carbon 
hydrogen with natural gas to complement our existing 
natural gas transportation services. These pilot projects 
will incorporate hydrogen on a small scale and position 
Williams to demonstrate how we leverage new and 
existing infrastructure for hydrogen. Williams is also 
designing planned expansions of Transco, including 
Regional Energy Access, Commonwealth Energy 
Connector and Southside Reliability Enhancement, to 
be compatible with hydrogen to help facilitate early 
adoption of hydrogen transportation by Williams and 
our customers.
organizations, equipment suppliers and project 
developers. Together, we are working to identify 
specific actions that the U.S. can take to create and 
scale the low carbon hydrogen economy.
Beyond our direct hydrogen-related efforts, the U.S. 
Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, signed into 
law in 2021, allocates $9.5 billion to the U.S. 
Department of Energy’s funds for low carbon hydrogen 
hub development. This funding is adjacent to our 
hydrogen strategy and will support further research 
and development. Of the total funds, $1 billion will go 
toward research, development, commercialization and 
deployment of technologies that reduce the cost of 
hydrogen electrolysis, and $8 billion will contribute 
toward creating low carbon hydrogen hubs. These 
hubs will play an integral role in regional sustainability 
through decarbonization and economic advancement.
Pine Needle Station in Stokesdale, North Carolina.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
23
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Williams is participating in 10 separate 
applications in front of the Department of Energy 
(DOE), including six hydrogen hub applications. 
The federal Bipartisan Infrastructure Law, passed 
and signed in 2022, includes $8 billion for 
hydrogen hub applications, and we have 
partnered with key states and industry 
organizations to participate in establishing 
hydrogen hubs that span our entire footprint. In 
late 2022, the DOE encouraged all six of the 
hubs that Williams is supporting to move forward 
in the application process.
• In the Northeast, we are supporting states 
on an application led by the New York State 
Energy Research and Development 
Authority, focused on delivering green 
hydrogen to reduce emissions of hard to 
decarbonize sectors.
• In Appalachia, we are partnering with 
Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Ohio on a 
hub focused on hydrogen produced by 
natural gas and renewable energy which can 
be delivered to power plants in the region.
• In the Southeast, we are partnering with a 
coalition including major utility companies 
Duke Energy, Dominion Energy and a 
growing list of hydrogen users from Alabama, 
Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, South 
Carolina and Tennessee. 
• In Oregon, we are partnering with a power 
generation turbine manufacturer and local 
electric utilities to explore delivering pure 
hydrogen for power production and for long 
haul transportation.
• In the Rockies, we are partnering with the 
states of Wyoming, Utah, Colorado and New 
Mexico to explore green and blue hydrogen 
for power generation, residential fuel, farming 
and industrial use.
• In the Gulf Coast, we’re partnering with 
several states and the industry on the HALO 
Hydrogen Hub, which will utilize a “wellhead-
to-water” strategy to source and deliver 
lower-carbon NextGen Gas for conversion 
into hydrogen along the Gulf Coast.
In addition, Williams is working in partnership 
with the states of Arkansas, Louisiana and 
Oklahoma with a goal to supply NextGen Gas 
to hydrogen plants and deliver hydrogen blends 
to homes and businesses across the region. 
Williams is well positioned to scale hydrogen 
nationwide by leveraging our existing gas 
pipeline infrastructure. In Louisiana, we 
estimate that just a 10% blend of hydrogen 
in our infrastructure could offset the heating 
emissions of half of the homes in the state.
Hydrogen Leadership
Nicole Nascenzi, Communications Specialist Staff, and Nathan Carlson, WORK Experience Product 
Owner at Transco Station 240 in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
24
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable EnergyWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Williams is making progress in advancing renewable 
natural gas (RNG), a low-carbon or carbon-negative 
substitute for fossil-derived natural gas that is typically 
captured and transported from landfill waste, municipal 
water treatment, livestock farm or food waste facilities. As 
part of our RNG efforts, we construct new interconnects 
and pipeline extensions and invest in RNG production. 
These investments will generate environmental attributes, 
such as California Low Carbon Fuel Standards credits, 
EPA Cellulosic Biofuel Renewable Identification 
Numbers, Renewable Thermal Credits, or Voluntary 
Carbon Offsets, which can be sold to the market or 
retired to offset our emissions.
Williams delivers RNG by partnering with renewable 
energy developers across the U.S. to transport captured 
methane emissions from landfills or dairy farms, where it 
is a byproduct of the waste decomposition process. 
Williams’ pipeline systems are interconnected with seven 
RNG facilities as of May 2023.
Williams continues to work with our customers to identify 
opportunities to bring RNG on our pipeline system. 
Williams’ expertise in gathering, treating and transporting 
natural gas, combined with its irreplaceable infrastructure, 
creates a unique opportunity to connect RNG supplies to 
Renewable Natural Gas Projects
Williams’ solar and battery storage program provides 
an opportunity to offset electricity usage at existing 
facilities with renewable energy by building 
photovoltaic solar and battery systems behind the 
meter. In 2022, after assessing the feasibility of battery 
applications across our operations, Williams advanced 
two solar and battery storage projects at Transco 
compressor stations to the permitting phase. These 
projects received board sanctioning in April 2023 and 
are targeted to be commercially operational by the 
summer of 2024. We expect the two projects to have 
a combined solar power production of 27,500 
megawatt-hours annually, equivalent to emissions 
savings of 13,000 tons CO2e per year if renewable 
energy credits are claimed and retired. This is 
equivalent to removing 2,893 gasoline-powered 
passenger vehicles from the road.[1]
Solar & Battery Storage Program
growing demand for low carbon fuels. Williams has 
connected over 15 million cubic feet per day to our system, 
which diverts for beneficial use this volume of natural gas 
that would have otherwise been emitted or combusted as 
waste onsite. This is equivalent to removing 2,335,568[1] 
gasoline-powered passenger cars from the road for one 
year. Williams continues its efforts to connect to our pipeline 
network and partner in the development of RNG to provide 
direct pathways to additional low-carbon supplies that help 
provide our customers options for meeting their emission 
reduction goals.
Williams also continues to evaluate partnerships to generate 
renewable gas and provide the needed infrastructure to 
gather those resources cost-effectively.
We engage the public on RNG through our work with the 
Leadership Advisory Board on the Coalition for Renewable 
Natural Gas, a public policy advocacy and education 
platform for the North American RNG industry. The coalition 
advocates for sustainable development, deployment and 
use of RNG to ensure access to domestic, renewable, 
clean fuel and energy for present and future generations.
[1]  According to the April 2023 United States Environmental Agency 
Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator.
In similar fashion, other opportunities exist across our 
land portfolio for us to utilize our footprint to build 
utility-scale solar and battery storage facilities to 
supply and meet third-party energy demand. Across 
our land portfolio, our solar team is developing 21 
projects totaling approximately 360 megawatts of 
solar capacity and 300 megawatts of battery capacity. 
These facilities, targeted to be in service in 2024 and 
subsequent years, will generate renewable energy 
credits that can be sold to the market or retired to 
offset our Scope 2 emissions.
Northwest Pipeline in Hood River, Oregon.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
25
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

Williams safely and reliably handles approximately one 
third of the country’s natural gas, and we are proud 
that our infrastructure is part of the solution to ensure 
the availability of natural gas to the 77 million homes 
and businesses utilizing natural gas in the continental 
U.S. The U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA) 
reports that 61% of U.S. households use natural gas 
for at least one energy end use.[1] Our ability to provide 
affordable and reliable energy to our customers results 
in economic growth, higher quality of life and improved 
standards of living, which can help alleviate poverty. 
Access to affordable and reliable energy is crucial as 
the U.S. economy transitions to low carbon. As the 
world deploys more renewable energy sources, 
[1]  U.S. Energy Information Administration, 2020 Residential Energy 
Consumption Survey.
Energy Access, 
Affordability & Reliability
GRI 3-3, 203-1, 203-2, SDG 7, 9
Why This Matters to Williams
especially in power generation, natural gas is the 
optimal backup source to maintain grid reliability and 
energy affordability. The recent Winter Storm Elliott is 
one of numerous instances in which natural gas has 
been called upon as a back up energy source when 
renewable electric power generation was inadequate or 
not readily dispatchable. Access to reliable power is 
increasingly critical as climate change-related weather 
events grow more frequent and unpredictable. 
Additionally, Williams can enhance energy security 
globally by deploying affordable, U.S.-sourced LNG to 
alleviate geopolitical gas supply shortages and providing 
access to reliable energy across the world. Williams’ 
operational discipline and reliable service allows it to be 
a preferred midstream partner for global energy security 
and affordability.
Natural gas is a vital resource in meeting the country’s goals of energy security, energy affordability and emissions 
reductions. Continued investment in natural gas infrastructure will be needed to reliably and affordability meet the 
increasing energy demands brought on by electrification. As one of the U.S.’s largest interstate pipeline transmission 
providers, Williams provides the infrastructure to ensure equitable distribution and access to affordable and reliable 
energy. We are dedicated to maximizing the value of our existing infrastructure to bring cleaner, cost-effective fuels 
across our operational footprint. We do this by connecting the best supplies of natural gas with our country’s largest 
demand centers while also working to support the reliability of renewable energy. By boosting operational efficiencies 
and expanding our safe transmission network, we can achieve our business objectives while reducing costs, 
expanding access in underserved areas and easing supply constraints affecting our customers.
Meeting the Demand for Reliable Energy
1
2
3
4
5
6
History Projection
Other Renewables
Solar
Wind
Natural Gas
Coal
Nuclear
0
Trillion Kilowatt-hours
2005 2020 2035 2050
2005–2050 U.S. Electricity Generation[2]
Michael Post, Operations Technician at 72nd Street Metering Station in North Bergen, New Jersey.
[2] Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration, Annual Energy Outlook 2023 (AEO2023).
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
26
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

Williams is consistently developing opportunities to 
ensure access to affordable and reliable energy. Our 
slate of current natural gas transmission projects 
seeks to grow our infrastructure to expand energy 
access to meet increasing demand and provide our 
customers with reliable supply. We examine the best 
means of designing and executing proposed projects 
that minimize environmental and community impacts 
while delivering enhanced customer service. 
Specifically, we use socioeconomic demographic 
assessments to evaluate the effects on overburdened 
communities and emissions reduction efforts to 
mitigate environmental impacts. These efforts aid our 
ability to meet our social and environmental 
commitments while allowing Williams to continue 
providing access to affordable energy to our 
customers and their end users.
Williams’ executives play a vital role in articulating the 
market need to expand natural gas as an immediate 
cleaner energy solution while pursuing emerging 
energy sources. Our executive-level oversight for 
energy access includes advocacy for expanding our 
services, especially in our existing operating areas. 
Throughout 2022, Williams’ leadership participated in 
and, in some cases, led engagement efforts to 
promote the benefit of natural gas as a cleaner energy 
source that can positively impact local economies and 
improve living standards.
Williams received stakeholder interest on various 
aspects of energy access, affordability and reliability in 
2022. For example, we received a greater number of 
questions regarding the purpose and need for 
expanded natural gas facilities. In response, we 
continued to inform and engage the public regarding 
the prevailing market conditions, showing the need for 
additional gas supply to ensure reliable access and 
affordable energy. We also experienced additional 
input related to the need to inform and engage 
communities near existing natural gas facilities, 
particularly communities who have historically faced 
environmental justice challenges. As part of our 
community stakeholder engagement efforts, we 
enhanced our approach to environmental justice 
outreach and implemented specific actions that aided 
our response time and follow-up actions. For more 
information regarding our engagement efforts, please 
refer to the Stakeholder Relations, Economic Impacts 
and Environmental Justice sections.
In 2022, Williams continued to press forward with 
multiple expansion projects seeking to expand pipeline 
infrastructure to bring additional volumes of natural 
gas to areas of growing domestic demand. For 
example, our Regional Energy Access Expansion 
project reached agreements with all landowners, 
obtained all required permits, and secured a final 
environmental impact statement from FERC. The 
project has successfully broken ground after receiving 
authorization to begin construction. The Regional 
Energy Access Expansion will add up to 829,000 
dekatherms per day of supply in Pennsylvania, New 
Jersey and Maryland, helping to ease supply 
constraints in this high-demand region, which keeps 
end-consumer gas accessible and consistently priced. 
We are also executing our Southeast Energy 
Connector, Commonwealth Energy Connector and 
Louisiana Energy Gateway projects.
Our newly proposed projects also continued to 
make progress in the past year. In 2022, Williams 
filed an application with FERC for the Southside 
Reliability Enhancement, a proposed project to 
expand and modernize the existing Transco pipeline 
to add natural gas capacity to North Carolina. 
We also proposed increasing energy capacity in 
Texas and Louisiana by growing the current 
transmission pipeline capacity through Texas to 
Louisiana Energy Pathway. These projects will 
increase natural gas delivery to meet these regions’ 
growing demand for affordable energy.
We also made strides to expand our LNG footprint, 
which enables us to enhance energy accessibility, 
affordability and reliability globally. Williams is 
evaluating partnership opportunities to connect 
low-emission natural gas supply basins to LNG export 
facilities along the Gulf Coast. If successful, we 
anticipate these partnerships will expand transmission 
services to domestic producer customers and amplify 
our ability to ease supply constraints overseas.
Reliability refers to our ability to continue to transfer 
our product throughout disruptions to operational 
conditions, including necessary maintenance. Williams 
completes monthly evaluations across our gathering 
and transmissions systems to identify operational 
conditions or maintenance activities which may have 
resulted in an impact to customer receipts or 
deliveries. These evaluations are enumerated into the 
Customer Impacted Volume (CIV) percentage, which is 
shown in the Williams’ Reliability chart on this page. In 
2022, we achieved a CIV rate of 99.65%, 
demonstrating the continued excellence of our 
operations and maintenance teams to minimize 
customer impacts while meeting demand.
Williams Reliability 
Delivered nearly 100% of scheduled product 
to our customers on average in 2021 and in 
2022 across our asset base
Prioritizing Reliability
Track record of delivering volumes safely 
and dependably to our customers
Maintained Performance Levels
Met or exceeded customer expectations 
during Winter Storm Elliott across our 
Transmission and G&P assets footprint
Nearly
of customer volumes 
delivered reliably in 
2021–2022
100%
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
27
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

Growing our domestic and global reach to provide 
cleaner and reliable energy depends, in part, on our 
ability to garner support for energy infrastructure 
expansion. Federal, state and local legislative and 
regulatory developments affect our ability to maximize our 
existing operations and expand pipeline infrastructure. 
For example, barriers in the permitting process make 
obtaining permits to construct new pipelines increasingly 
difficult. This limits our ability to meet customer demand 
for affordable, reliable energy and prolongs the use of 
higher-emissions fuels. To serve our customers and drive 
a successful clean energy transition, Williams actively 
participates in the development of energy infrastructure 
policy by engaging with public officials and collaborating 
with industry partners.
Public Policy
GRI 2-28, 3-3, 415-1; SDG 12
Why This Matters to Williams
Williams’ state government and regulatory affairs team 
engages with policymakers and other government 
stakeholders at the state and local levels to determine 
actions relative to our policy and regulatory agenda. We 
continue to take a bipartisan approach in our public 
policy outreach. In 2022, Williams presented on energy 
issues at both Democratic and Republican Governors 
Association meetings. Additionally, we continued using 
our comprehensive stakeholder management system to 
enhance our bipartisan engagement through newsletters 
and other corporate communications. This system 
allows us to better track support for the company 
initiatives that we implement.
We recognize that ESG issues are increasingly 
significant for federal legislators and regulators. In 2022, 
we engaged on various ESG issues, including energy 
reliability, environmental justice, cybersecurity 
preparedness and GHG emissions reductions. For 
example, Williams collaborated directly with FERC, 
Our Approach
Promoting sound energy policy also involves public 
education, since public policy is increasingly influenced 
by public perception. We encountered challenges at the 
local level in 2022, including policies banning natural gas. 
Such opposition heightens the need for Williams to 
continue educating our stakeholders on the importance 
and benefits of natural gas, particularly in relation to the 
low-carbon economy transition. For more information 
regarding our public perception efforts, please refer to the 
Stakeholder Engagement section.
Congress and industry associations to convey industry 
feedback to FERC’s proposed updates to its 1999 Policy 
Statement on the Certification of New Interstate Natural 
Gas Facilities. Through this engagement, we conveyed 
our concerns that the proposed policy introduces 
uncertainty and new challenges related to building natural 
gas infrastructure. As a result of our efforts, along with 
concerns raised by industry peers and a bipartisan group 
of elected officials, in March 2022 FERC shifted these 
policies to “draft” status and reinstated the 1999 policy.[1]
In 2022, we saw significant action related to energy 
policy. The Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022, signed 
into law by President Biden in August 2022, took an 
approach to energy that included industry-supported 
provisions on oil and gas leasing, Carbon Capture 
Storage (CCS) and hydrogen. Additionally, Williams 
[1]  FERC, https://ferc.gov/news-events/news/ferc-seeks-comment-
draft-policy-statements-pipeline-certification-ghg-emissions.
engaged Congress in 2022 on the industry’s permitting 
reform priorities, but no legislation moved forward. These 
efforts will continue in 2023.
Williams also witnessed an increased federal focus on 
energy access, affordability and reliability for the industry, a 
direct result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. This conflict 
emphasizes the importance of domestic natural gas 
resources and LNG exports to meet the needs of our 
global allies. For example, in March 2022, the Biden 
Administration announced that the U.S. would collaborate 
with international partners to ensure sufficient LNG 
volumes for the European market, with expected increases 
moving forward.[2] For more information regarding how 
Williams is contributing to this effort, please refer to the 
Energy Access, Affordability and Reliability section.
[2]  WhiteHouse.gov, Fact Sheet: United States and European 
Commission Announce Task Force to Reduce Europe’s Dependence 
on Russian Fossil Fuels.
The crisis in Ukraine highlights the importance of 
reinforcing our nation’s natural gas energy infrastructure 
as a matter of national security. In support of democracy 
and climate goals around the world, the situation in 
Europe also highlights the need for greater U.S. liquified 
natural gas (LNG) exports. To deliver these benefits, 
efficient federal permitting for pipeline and LNG export 
infrastructure is essential.
ALAN ARMSTRONG, PRESIDENT & CEO
“
”
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
28
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

Williams takes a bipartisan approach to our political 
contributions to support advancing our business and 
industry interests, including topics related to energy 
infrastructure modernization and permitting, hydrogen 
policy and hydrogen tax incentives. Before Williams 
contributes to candidate campaigns, our legal 
department reviews proposed contributions to confirm 
legal and regulatory compliance. Our governance and 
sustainability committee reviews our political 
contributions at least annually.
Williams’ nonprofit political action committee, 
WILLCO PAC, is registered with the Federal Election 
Commission. WILLCO PAC is an independent, 
nonpartisan entity that raises contributions from 
Political Contributions
Industry Associations
eligible Williams employees to support candidates for 
congressional and state offices, where permitted by 
law. Through contributions to WILLCO PAC, our 
employees support policies that enable the delivery of 
all forms of clean energy. Employee participation in 
WILLCO PAC is strictly voluntary. In addition to 
WILLCO PAC giving, in 2022, Williams made 
corporate political contributions to members of both 
political parties totaling $207,500.00.
We ensure our political actions and contract lobbyists 
comply with all applicable lobbying registration 
requirements. The Center for Political Accountability’s 
CPA-Zicklin Index measures political disclosure and 
accountability policies and practices for election-
related spending by S&P 500 companies. In 2022, 
Williams was recognized as a “Trendsetter Company,” 
scoring over 90% on this comprehensive rating index 
for the fourth consecutive year.
We provide a link on our website to the Office of the 
Clerk for the U.S. House of Representatives, where 
our federal disclosures for lobbying activities are 
available, including our aggregate spending for 
lobbying and payments to lobbying service providers. 
Also included on our website are yearly political 
corporate contribution reports and reports of 
corporate fund expenditures to trade associations.
Williams engages with a wide range of trade associations 
at the national, state and local levels. We find value in 
engaging with trade associations that share our positions 
on critical public policy issues but also engage with those 
that do not align with our public policy positions. The 
following are examples of trade associations and industry 
coalitions we engaged with in 2022:
• American Petroleum Institute
• American Society of Mechanical Engineers
• American Society of Safety Professionals
• The Business Roundtable
• Clean Hydrogen Future Coalition
• Coalition for Renewable Natural Gas
• Common Ground Alliance
• Differentiated Gas Coordinating Council
• Energy Infrastructure Council
• Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute
• GPA Midstream Association
• Interstate Natural Gas Association of America
• Liquid Energy Pipeline Association
• Marcellus Shale Coalition
• National Society of Professional Engineers
• Northwest Gas Association
• Southern Gas Association
• Virginia Chamber of Commerce
• Virginia Manufacturers Association
• Virginia Oil & Gas Association
• Young Pipeline Professionals USA
Continued active membership and leadership roles in 
trade associations and industry coalitions help us 
amplify the industry voice and collectively work on 
public policy priorities. For example, Williams’ Vice 
President of New Energy Ventures is a founding board 
member of the Clean Hydrogen Future Coalition, 
which supports the adoption of hydrogen in the U.S.
Williams is a member of the Energy Infrastructure 
Council (EIC), and our Chief Financial Officer serves as 
co-chair of the board-level ESG Working Group. The 
member ESG Working Group meets regularly to 
discuss various ESG topics, trends, goal-setting and 
operationalization practices. Williams helped the EIC 
ESG Working Group launch the first-ever midstream 
ESG reporting template in December 2020, and in 
April 2022, the joint EIC and GPA Midstream ESG 
Working Group released version 2.0 of the template. 
This updated template is the product of an extensive 
review of best-practice ESG reporting among EIC 
member companies and the ESG reporting 
requirements from numerous critical stakeholders. It 
provides best-practice guidance to assist energy 
companies in their ESG journeys. Adoption of the 
template by midstream companies continues to grow 
as investors have expressed their support and 
demonstrate use of the ESG data provided in the 
template. For more information, see our environmental, 
social and governance website.
Williams discloses all expenditures of corporate funds 
used for nondeductible lobbying and political spending 
on our website.
Tulsa Employees Brian Hlavinka, Vice President of 
New Energy Ventures, and Jaclyn Presnal, Strategic 
Development Director.
Through our CEO’s leadership role on the National 
Petroleum Council (NPC), Williams was a contributing 
author to a report submitted by the NPC to the 
Secretary of Energy in December 2022. One focus of 
the report was to specifically address the role the 
Russian invasion of Ukraine has on the petroleum, 
natural gas, LNG and NGL markets. The report was 
one of two approved at the NPC’s December meeting. 
Additionally, in 2022, our CEO was appointed to the 
President’s National Infrastructure Advisory Council 
which advises the White House on how to improve the 
security and resilience of the nation’s critical 
infrastructure sectors through the reduction of physical 
and cyber risks.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
29
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

Williams’ mission, to be the leader in providing 
infrastructure that safely delivers natural gas products 
to reliably fuel the clean energy economy, supports a 
strategic approach to evaluating climate related risks. 
As a part of the annual strategy process, Williams 
develops a variety of scenarios consisting of various 
market fundamentals including assumptions on 
political and social interventions to test plausible future 
outcomes for Williams. We compare our internally 
developed scenarios to third-party consultants’ energy 
transition scenarios. Results of the scenarios are 
provided to the board as a part of the annual strategy 
meeting. Strategic risks and opportunities, which 
could include climate-related risks, regarding the 
scenarios are included in the strategic discussions. 
In 2022, the strategy discussion with the board also 
included progress on emissions reduction in our core 
business and positive movement towards our 
climate commitment.
We understand that external stakeholders are 
interested in our climate-related practices and 
performance. To that end, Williams continues to align 
our climate change reporting with the 
recommendations established by the Financial Stability 
Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Climate Adaptation & Resilience
SDG 7; TCFD Strategy, Risk Management, Metrics and Targets
Disclosures (TCFD). In 2021, we developed a TCFD 
index that maps our disclosures against the four TCFD 
thematic areas to increase transparency and help 
stakeholders easily identify relevant information.
CDP , another widely recognized disclosure and 
scoring process, issued Williams a ‘B’ score in 2022 
for its commitment to transparency around climate 
change. This ranking exceeds the oil and gas storage 
and transportation activity group average of ‘C’ and 
the North American regional average of ‘C.’ Our score 
signifies that we incorporate effective governance 
practices and are taking coordinated action on climate 
change. 2023 will be our fourth consecutive year 
participating in CDP’s full disclosure and scoring 
process. For additional information on how Williams 
manages the risks and opportunities of climate 
change, see our response to the CDP climate 
change questionnaire.
Our commitment to mitigating climate change risk is 
reinforced by our public climate commitment, which 
was supported by our board of directors. For 
information regarding how our board of directors 
oversees ESG, please refer to the Sustainability 
Governance section.
We recognize that our business is subject to numerous 
types of physical risks. Our assets and operations, as 
well as our customers’ assets and operations, can be 
adversely affected by acute weather hazards such as 
flooding, hurricanes, wildfires and landslides, and 
chronic weather hazards such as extreme temperatures 
and drought. The magnitude of these physical risks may 
increase with the realization of worsening levels of 
warming. Extreme weather conditions may result in 
facility, pipeline or equipment damage or require more 
system backup, adding costs and increasing system 
stresses, including service interruptions.
The Williams Integrated Management System is one of 
the primary controls we have to mitigate physical risk. 
Through the platform, we are able to adhere to asset 
design standards that prioritize safety and operational 
reliability, mature integrity programs that maintain 
asset health and functionality, and safety procedures 
that keep people and equipment safe in the event of 
severe weather. Additionally, Williams’ business 
continuity planning and training include potential 
impacts from future acute and chronic weather 
hazards and help our employees appropriately 
respond when such challenges arise. As part of our 
operational process, we incorporate sufficient 
resiliency into our operations and systems based on 
historical weather patterns in our regions.
Physical Risks
Rod Strother, Senior Operations Technician and Doug 
Schloegel, Maintenance Coordinator at Station 610 in 
Millerville, Pennsylvania.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
30
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

Williams’ physical assets transport and process products 
that are critical inputs for electricity generation, heating 
and cooking in homes and businesses. In general, we 
view our assets as irreplaceable and vital to maintaining 
and improving quality of life by ensuring affordability and 
reliability of a low-carbon future. To that end, we integrate 
climate-related considerations into key capital 
expenditure planning, our annual strategy sessions and 
our strategic risk assessment processes.
We determined that in certain areas, utilizing electric driven 
compression equipment could reduce grid reliability and 
natural gas pipeline reliability while actually increasing our 
combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
We continue to monitor legislative and regulatory 
developments related to climate change and voluntarily 
pursue efforts to reduce GHG emissions from our facilities. 
Using the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative’s actual 
weighted average price of $13.46 per metric ton of CO2e 
in 2022, the gross expense to offset Williams’ 2022 Scope 
1 emissions would be $179.4 million, which could be 
partially mitigated through customer agreements.[1] This 
mindset of mitigating risks in a way that delivers long-term 
value to shareholders also drives our integration of cleaner 
energies and technologies, which will help mitigate climate 
change regulation risk.
We have also faced opposition regarding the risks 
associated with operating and expanding our pipelines 
and facilities from some elected officials, environmental 
groups, landowners, tribal groups, local groups and 
others. While natural gas is critical to the clean energy 
economy, we recognize that stakeholder opposition may 
affect our ability to maintain and expand our operations. 
For more information, see Stakeholder Relations.
For a complete list of Williams’ risk factors, including both 
physical and transition climate change-related risks, see 
our 2022 Annual Report.
[1]  Clearing prices used to calculate weighted average price per metric ton 
of CO2e sourced from The Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative’s website.
Transition Risks
Grays Harbor Metering Station in Aberdeen, Washington.
Our operations are increasingly subject to environmental 
laws and regulations, many of which relate to climate 
change and GHG emissions. In addition to 
environmental laws and regulations, in 2022, several 
states adopted new net zero GHG emissions goals with 
interim targets, including those associated with 
Louisiana’s net zero by 2050 goal, Maryland’s net zero 
by 2040 goal and North Carolina’s net zero by 2050 
goal. Similarly, states announced new regulations 
regarding climate and environmental justice 
considerations for permitting, including New York’s CP 
49 and DAR 21 and Maryland’s HB 1200. 
In 2022, the EPA published a proposed rule to reduce 
methane and other pollutants from oil and natural gas 
operations. The proposed rule, which is designed to 
mitigate GHG and volatile organic compound emissions 
from existing sources in the oil and natural gas industry, 
including transmission and storage facilities, could 
create a significant impact on how we operate. 
Additionally, the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission has proposed a draft rule requiring the 
disclosure of climate-related information in broad 
alignment with the recommendations established by 
TCFD, with a final rule expected in 2023. We recognize 
that these new regulations and others may expose us 
to high costs, liabilities and expenditures above our 
expectations if we do not factor them into our current 
operational risk management strategy.
Williams uses a case-by-case analysis to determine 
option-specific costs to reduce our operational GHG 
emissions. Currently, we are operationalizing an internal 
cost of carbon on particularly scalable and actionable 
emissions sources and work practices with an eye 
towards external carbon market values. 
Operationalization of a cost of carbon method will be 
aligned with company objectives and will aim to 
progress Williams toward our climate commitment 
before a potential regulatory risk is actualized. Detailed 
studies are very important regarding actually reducing 
GHG emissions around our assets. As an example, this 
past year we studied the growing risk of our 
interdependence with the electrical power grid. 
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
31
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

Company Overview Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy Minimizing Our Footprint Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure Building an Empowered Workforce Strengthening Communities Appendix
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
Minimizing 
Our Footprint
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
To effectively reduce impacts on our environment, 
Williams strives to incorporate and implement 
environmental considerations into our decision-making 
processes at all stages of our operations. These controls 
and initiatives help us to understand, minimize and 
mitigate our GHG emissions, non-GHG air emissions, 
land use, water use and waste generation impacts.
Briana Schulze, Director of Operations at Pine Needle in Stokesdale, North Carolina.
32Minimizing Our Footprint2022 Sustainability ReportWilliams

Operational GHG Emissions
GRI 3-3, 305-1, 305-5; SASB EM-MD-110a.1, EM-MD-110a.2; TCFD: Metrics and Targets
Why This Matters to Williams
Williams takes pride in supporting the delivery of clean, 
reliable energy to thousands of communities across 
the U.S., helping to improve quality of life by providing 
products and services that enable homes and 
businesses to obtain heat and power. We recognize 
that the assets we operate and the products we 
transport generate greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
directly from our operations and indirectly from our 
electricity consumption. As one of the largest 
midstream operators in the country, we must 
effectively monitor, report and reduce our Scope 1 and 
2 emissions to minimize the climate impacts of our 
operations while continuing to meet the growing 
demand for safe, dependable energy. Williams is 
continuing our efforts to reduce GHG emissions 
through operating efficiencies, investing in upgrading 
and modernizing equipment and leveraging clean 
energy technologies. 
Transparent communication about our GHG 
performance remains an important expectation of our 
stakeholders. We prioritize accurately tracking and 
reporting our GHG emissions using robust data 
collection methods. The Williams Integrated 
Management System (WIMS) houses our protocols for 
monitoring GHG emissions and complying with federal 
and state reporting requirements. Williams continues 
to refine our GHG emissions detection and 
quantification through advanced measurement 
technologies and enhanced calculation practices.
We monitor emissions down to the facility level using a 
robust GHG emissions dashboard. The dashboard 
tracks emissions for each Williams compressor station, 
processing plant and fractionator, regardless of 
whether it meets reporting thresholds required by 
regulation. Our subject matter experts, engineering 
groups, environmental specialists and operations 
personnel use GHG emissions data to develop 
emissions reduction strategies. Thus, Williams aims to 
report GHG data in a timely and actionable manner so 
that these parties may effectively drive down 
emissions, create operational efficiencies and reduce 
costs. In 2022, we successfully expanded the use of 
operational data from fuel meters at some of our 
processing plants to more accurately calculate 
emissions at these plants. We introduced these more 
accurate calculation procedures at some of our 
gathering compressor stations last year and in 2022, 
we expanded them to our processing plants, which 
further reduced reported emissions by an estimated 
107,151 metric tons of CO2e.
GHG Quantification, Monitoring & Transparent Reporting
In 2022, we updated our GHG quantification, 
monitoring, reporting, and verification (QMRV) 
programs with advanced emissions detection paired 
with operational based data. These updates will help 
us more accurately understand methane emissions 
sources from our assets and provide our operations 
with effective and efficient methane emission reduction 
opportunities. Through this effort, Williams 
collaborated with multiple stakeholders to implement 
and test a variety of state-of-the-art emissions 
monitoring technologies to evaluate use cases within 
the midstream space. The updated program and 
testing resulted in Williams partnering with Coterra 
Energy and Dominion Energy to create the first full 
value chain program to accurately provide methane 
intensity of delivered gas volumes to customers 
through our NextGen Gas certification process. For 
more information on Williams’ NextGen Gas, see GHG 
Reduction Initiatives & Opportunities.
Discovery assets in the Gulf of Mexico.
Josh Moore, Operations Technician at Transco Station 
185 in Manassas, Virginia.
33
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Williams’ 2030 target of a 56% reduction in Scope 1 
and 2 emissions from a 2005 baseline reflects our 
commitment to reducing GHG emissions in a time 
frame that holds our leadership accountable. We set 
this target in recognition of the progress we have 
already made and the reduction opportunities we see 
ahead. Our 2005 baseline aligns with the baseline of 
the U.S. climate goal established under the Paris 
Agreement. We consider this reduction target in our 
decision-making around capital and resource 
allocation, and we have made significant progress 
toward this target even as our gathering, processing, 
and transmission throughputs have risen. Additionally, 
GHG Emissions Reduction Targets & Progress
the acquisition of Trace Midstream and NorTex 
Midstream in 2022 bolsters the company’s ability to 
connect low-emissions natural gas supplies to areas of 
expanding demand. The acquisition of these assets, 
along with transmission operational enhancements, 
resulted in Williams’ experiencing a slight absolute 
operational emissions increase in 2022. We are excited 
to bring Williams’ leading emissions reduction practices, 
technology investments, and commitments to both new 
and existing assets. Since 2005, we have reduced our 
operational emissions by 43% and remain on track to 
meet our 2030 goal.
Each year, we prepare and submit a GHG emissions 
inventory to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA) for our midstream gathering, processing and 
interstate transmission and storage operations. We 
also collect, quantify, and disclose Scope 1 and 2 
emissions data in accordance with ONE Future and 
CDP technical guidance.
Since 2019, Williams has engaged ERM Certification 
and Verification Services (ERM CVS) to provide third-
party verification of the following GHG emissions data: 
total absolute Scope 1 GHG emissions, total location-
based Scope 2 GHG emissions and total Scope 1 and 
2 GHG emissions. Since 2021, ERM CVS has also 
provided verification of Williams’ methane emissions 
data. ERM CVS provided assurance that the GHG data 
reported in the graph below were fairly presented in all 
material respects. Please see Assurance Statement to 
read our full Assurance Letter.
Scope 1 & Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions[1] 
[1] Includes 100% of volumes from operated assets as of December 31, 2022.
2018–2022 CO2e Intensity Changes[2] 
15
10
5
20
30
20
10
40
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
11.3
1.15 1.78
11.74
1.55
1.5012.19
11.44 1.66
11.27
12.09
Scope 1 Scope 2 Combined Gathering, Processing and Transmission Volume
Combined Volume in Trillion Standard Cubic Feet per Year
GHG Emissions in Million Metric Tons of CO2e
12.4 12.4 13.2
14.6
16.5% Reduction
0.5
0.6
0.7
0.8
0.9
1.0
1.1
1.2
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
1.14 1.11
1.05
0.98 0.95
Emissions Intensity (Metric tons 
CO2e/MMscf natural gas transported)
[2]  Total company Scope 1 and 2 emissions in metric tons of CO2e from gathering, processing and transmission segments divided by the sum of 
natural gas (in MMscf) transported in all three segments.
34
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Leak Detection & Repair
Williams continuously strives to minimize methane 
leaks from our natural gas gathering and processing 
and transmission operations.
To identify and repair leaking equipment, we conduct 
quarterly, semiannual or annual LDAR surveys on 
Williams’ compressor stations and facilities using an 
optical gas imaging (OGI) camera. Surveys conducted 
GHG Reduction Initiatives & Opportunities
Williams continues to invest in GHG reduction 
initiatives across our operations. To inform our 
emission reduction investments and maximize 
impact in 2022, Williams subscribed to new 
technologies, including Context Labs, Orbital 
Sidekick, Encino Environmental and LongPath 
Technologies, to help identify sources of emissions 
in real-time. Context Labs Decarbonization as a 
Service (DaaS™) platform collects data from 
operations, satellite emissions monitoring, 
continuous emissions monitoring and ongoing leak 
detection activity to identify and prioritize operational 
response and emission reduction opportunities. 
In 2022, our emission reduction efforts included 
upgrading compressor stations, testing hydrogen 
fuel blends in reciprocating compressor engines, 
evaluating increased and indefinite pressurized hold 
during compressor downtime, replacing high-bleed 
pneumatic devices with low- or no-bleed devices 
and installing dry seal gas capture systems at some 
through Williams’ Leak Detection and Repair Program 
(WilLDAR) are an effective work practice to significantly 
reduce fugitive methane emissions to the environment. 
In 2022, through the WilLDAR program, we performed 
leak surveys using OGI at 43 Transco and Northwest 
Pipeline compressor stations that did not previously 
have LDAR required by state or federal regulations. By 
implementing WilLDAR and achieving quicker 
recognition of repaired leaks using quarterly surveys, 
reported equipment component emissions at 
transmission compressor stations decreased by an 
estimated 25% from 2021 to 2022.
Williams has developed separate LDAR Standards for 
our gathering, boosting and transmission segments 
and is developing a comprehensive requirement within 
our integrated management system that outlines roles 
and responsibilities for LDAR. Once completed, we will 
use these documents to communicate the roles and 
responsibilities of Williams employees for promoting an 
improved, efficient and effective LDAR program across 
the enterprise. 
Williams also uses a single software platform, Leak 
Tracker Pro™ (LTP), to maintain leak records from OGI 
surveys conducted in the Williams gathering, boosting 
and transmission sectors. LTP accurately identifies 
leaking equipment components such as valves, 
connectors, flanges, pumps and open-ended lines, 
enabling operators to make the necessary repairs. 
Williams analyzes LTP results to identify recurring 
failing equipment to guide maintenance practices and 
equipment purchases in an effort to reduce future 
leaks at our facilities, helping to achieve our emissions 
reduction targets. By reducing equipment failure and 
leaks, Williams further enhances operational reliability 
and reduces maintenance costs.
compressor stations. Williams also piloted our 
PAGER system (patent pending), designed to 
recover and combust pigging emissions via catalytic 
heater, within our Wetzell Gas Gathering System and 
Ohio River Supply Hub.
Also in 2022, Williams developed new guidance on 
reducing emissions during pipeline purging activities 
and implemented the guidance into our existing 
operating procedures. For example, when purging 
pipelines that are being returned to service, we 
began targeting reduced purge pressures and 
reduced extended purge hold times. Our senior 
leaders shared guidance with operations and project 
execution to reinforce the importance of responsibly 
managing pipeline purging activities.
In addition to pursuing reductions in absolute GHG 
emissions, Williams continues to decrease our 
emissions intensity, which measures GHG emissions 
per unit of natural gas throughput. Even though we 
continue to expand our footprint, targeted 
improvements in practices and technology have enabled 
us to decrease our emissions intensity by 16.5% since 
2018. This achievement highlights Williams’ role as a 
responsible energy operator that is best equipped to 
deliver clean, affordable and reliable energy.
We continuously work to reduce our operational GHG 
emissions, especially methane emissions, by operating 
our assets as efficiently as possible. Our assets primarily 
include gathering systems, intrastate and interstate 
transmission pipelines, compressor stations, natural gas 
processing plants and liquefied natural gas (LNG) and 
underground storage facilities. We reduce emissions 
from these assets through preventive maintenance, 
installing emissions reduction equipment such as 
compressor vent gas reduction systems and emission 
control devices, conducting leak detection and repair 
(LDAR) events, implementing recompression measures 
and installing or replacing gas drivers with electric 
motors where practical. 
72nd Street Valve Site in North Bergen, New Jersey. 
35
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Williams is excited to have established the first low-emissions, NextGen Gas 
certification process that can cover the entire natural gas value chain from 
production through gathering and transmission. To make this possible, Williams 
entered into an agreement with upstream producer Coterra Energy and downstream 
utility Dominion Energy Virginia to provide a full value chain, low emission solution. 
The agreement with Coterra Energy and Dominion Energy builds on Williams’ 
strategy to provide a path-specific methane intensity certification that meets or 
exceeds industry leading measurement protocols and provides customers with 
clean, certified, low-emission optionality for supply.
To make the certification process possible, Williams is leveraging block-chain 
secured technology via Context Labs’ Decarbonization as a Service (DaaS™) 
platform to track and measure emissions across the value chain. These 
enhancements offer the added benefit of helping Williams better understand our 
value chain emissions and provide a clearer path to achieving our reduction targets.
Williams’ strong emissions performance has created new commercial opportunities 
for NextGen Gas, which serves as a full value chain tool for Williams’ producer and 
transmission customers to help meet end-user emission reduction goals. Through 
our Sequent business, we are building a marketing portfolio to sell low-carbon 
NextGen Gas to utilities, LNG export facilities and other cleaner energy users.
Advancing NextGen Gas
Our partnership with Williams and Coterra is another 
important step in reducing emissions across the entire 
natural gas value chain. Certified, low-emissions natural 
gas is a vital part of achieving our goal of net zero 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. We look forward to 
continuing this and other innovative partnerships to 
deliver affordable, reliable and clean energy to the 
customers we serve.
CEDRIC GREEN, SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT OF POWER GENERATION 
FOR DOMINION ENERGY VIRGINIA
“
”
Williams continues to proactively reduce emissions from 
transmission pipeline blowdowns. In 2022, our 
employees formed a pipeline maintenance emissions 
reduction work group, supported by senior leadership, 
focused on improving large pipeline blowdowns and 
providing resources to project managers to streamline 
the emissions reduction planning process. The work 
group creates blowdown optimization tools, develops 
work practices and onboards new mobile compression 
and flaring vendors. 
We follow operating procedures that use pressure draw 
down and recompression measures to lower gas line 
pressure before pipeline maintenance. In 2022, Williams 
reported 48 separate blowdown events in which natural 
gas was rerouted or captured and recompressed 
instead of being vented. In doing so, Williams saved 0.9 
billion cubic feet of gas, the equivalent of heating more 
than 21,692 homes for a year. 
Maintaining strong customer relationships is essential to 
reducing emissions from maintenance events that may 
prompt a pipeline blowdown. Therefore, we work 
alongside our customers to determine mutually beneficial 
solutions to minimize emissions, enhance reliability and 
strengthen collaboration. In 2022, our efforts to improve 
pipeline blowdown procedures prevented an estimated 
347,136 metric tons of CO2e emissions.
We plan to continue to expand our carbon reduction 
opportunities while looking to invest in future clean 
energy projects and carbon abatement instruments. By 
cost-effectively reducing GHG emissions, we are 
contributing to the total reductions necessary to achieve 
our 2030 target. For more information on our climate 
commitment, see our website.
The path to achieving our long-term aspiration of being 
net zero by 2050 focuses on leveraging current and 
emerging technologies to reduce emissions and provide 
necessary reliability for scaling renewable energy to help 
fuel the clean energy economy, all while prioritizing our 
natural gas-focused business strategy. We are 
proactively advancing this strategy with the expertise of 
Williams’ New Energy Ventures group. The group 
focuses on commercializing innovative technologies and 
markets that will ultimately contribute to attainment of 
our climate commitments. For more information on our 
New Energy Ventures group, please refer to the Energy 
Transition & Low-Carbon Economy section.
Tulsa pipeline control center.
36
Minimizing Our Footprint36
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report

Rooftop Solar Energy
Williams’ Rooftop Solar initiative includes investments 
in intermittent solar power through combined cycle 
back up on the grid and tax credits. As part of this 
initiative, our Princeton Division office began producing 
electricity from solar energy in 2021. By the end of 
2022, the solar panels produced 67 megawatt-hours 
of electricity, saving approximately $8,725 in electricity 
from the grid. We expect solar power production to 
rise over the spring and summer months, with an 
anticipated renewable energy credit (REC) production 
of $10,170. Annually, the rooftop solar initiative saves 
approximately $19,000 worth of energy that we 
previously purchased from the grid. For information 
on how Williams is scaling solar energy across our 
footprint, please refer to the Energy Transition and 
Low-Carbon Economy section.
Targeting Methane Reductions
Williams has a long history of pursuing opportunities 
to reduce methane emissions, which make up an 
estimated 16% of our assets’ Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions profile. We track methane emissions as 
part of our comprehensive GHG emissions 
dashboard. In 2022, we successfully hit our target of 
reducing total methane emissions by 5% from a 
three-year average, which was a part of our 2022 
Annual Incentive Program. Throughout the year, our 
Methane Reduction Focus Teams used the metric to 
help drive improved performance. This 
accomplishment is a testament to our employees’ 
commitment and dedication to minimizing our 
operations’ environmental impact. 
Since 2018, methane emissions from our natural gas 
processing plants and transmission compressor 
stations have increased by 4%. Over the same 
period, the natural gas throughput at these facilities 
increased by 24%. This managed increased is due to 
a combination of having fewer and smaller pipeline 
blowdowns, installing emissions control technologies 
and making more frequent upgrades to our system.
ONE Future Membership
Williams is a member of Our Nation’s Energy Future 
Coalition, Inc. (ONE Future), a group of energy 
companies voluntarily working to reduce methane 
emissions by finding policy and technical solutions 
that better manage emissions associated with 
production, processing, transmission and 
distribution. Williams’ employees actively serve on 
the ONE Future technical, communications and 
steering committees to advance its mission. 
As a member, Williams has committed to several 
methane intensity goals established by One Future to 
be achieved by 2025, corresponding with unique 
segments of Williams’ value chain. By segment, the 
methane intensity targets for 2025 are 0.080% for 
gathering and boosting, 0.111% for processing and 
0.301% for transmission and storage. In 2022, for the 
fifth consecutive year, Williams’ methane performance 
outperformed these intensity goals, as illustrated by 
the charts on this page.
0.5
0.10
0.15
0.20
0.25
0.30
0.35
Gathering & Boosting
0.046%
0.080%
Processing
0.025%
0.111%
Transmission & Storage
0.301%
0.026%
ONE Future Methane Emissions 2025 Target
2022 Williams Methane Emissions Performance
Methane intensity
Princeton, New Jersey office.
37
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

For the first time, along with other ONE Future 
members, Williams more accurately reported methane 
slip emissions using higher emission factors for 
engines used to drive our reciprocating compressors.
In addition, all ONE Future members set a goal to 
collectively reduce methane emissions to less than 1% 
across the natural gas value chain by 2025. In its 2022 
Annual Report on 2021 emissions, ONE Future’s 50+ 
member companies reported achieving a methane 
intensity of 0.462%, outperforming the ONE Future 
goal by 54%. Williams continues to do our part to 
exceed progress toward the ONE Future methane 
reduction goal.
At our current performance, Williams will not be 
subject to the Inflation Reduction Act’s (IRA) methane 
fee, as our operational emissions are below the 
threshold for each industrial segment. Williams worked 
with legislators and industry associations on proposed 
improvements to the methane fee provision in the IRA. 
We advocated for technical corrections to an earlier 
methane fee provision introduced in the U.S. House of 
Representative’s Build Back Better legislation, and these 
concerns were ultimately reflected in the final legislation.
In early 2023, Williams became the first U.S. large-scale 
integrated midstream company to join OGMP 2.0, 
a multi-stakeholder, measurement-based reporting 
initiative that improves the accuracy and transparency of 
methane emissions reporting in the oil and gas sector. 
OGMP 2.0 membership will require Williams to establish 
a methane intensity goal by May 2024 while also 
demonstrating a plan to achieve Gold Standard within 
three years. Through our technology investments and 
industry leading QMRV program, Williams is well 
prepared to demonstrate OGMP 2.0 level 5 Gold 
Standard practices across our infrastructure network. 
Our early membership shows our commitment to 
trustworthy and accurate methane emissions monitoring 
and continuing to reduce emissions from the energy 
value chain.
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
In 2022, Williams participated in the completion of the GTI Differentiated Gas Protocols 
through involvement in GTI Project Veritas. This collaborative effort brought together 
dozens of industry, research and environmental stakeholders to engage in an open and 
transparent development process with diverse viewpoints and perspectives to enhance 
credibility. More than 35 companies partnered with Veritas to shape the protocols’ 
development. The technical protocols calculate methane emissions for natural gas 
systems by six segments and offer a consistent approach to show emissions reductions 
in a credible and transparent way. Williams performed demonstrations to prove the 
applicability of the protocols for the gathering, processing and transmission segments.
Collaborating With GTI Project Veritas
Nate Krebs, Operations Technician and Doug Schloegel, Coordinator Maintenance at Station 610 in Millerville, Pennsylvania.
Terrell Brown, Operations and Maintenance Optimizer and Caleb Minton, 
Senior Operations Manager in Moundsville, West Virginia.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
38
Minimizing Our Footprint

Partnerships, Research & Collaboration
We work with external organizations through active 
participation, funding and program leadership to 
support efforts that help reduce GHG emissions from 
our industry. Joining these initiatives allows us to 
engage in growing conversations around the 
quantification and reduction of GHG emissions as well 
as evaluate the latest technologies. Our government 
and regulatory affairs team oversees Williams’ external 
partnerships and participation.
American Petroleum Institute Environmental 
Partnership: This Partnership provides a forum for 
participants to share information and analyze best 
practices and technological breakthroughs to develop 
natural gas and oil resources responsibly. The 
Partnership represents a growing coalition of U.S.-
based production, processing and transmission 
companies responsible for meeting the nation’s 
growing demand for low-cost energy. As a member of 
the Partnership, Williams is committed to improving 
environmental performance by accelerating methane 
emissions reductions from key emissions sources.
Collaboratory for Advancing Methane Science 
(CAMS): CAMS is an industry-led research consortium 
that works to better characterize and understand 
methane emissions. CAMS members work 
collaboratively to provide actionable, transparent 
methane science to contribute to understanding 
methane emissions across the oil and gas value chain 
and inform mitigation strategies. Williams, along with 
partner companies and academia, completed seven 
research papers through CAMS in 2022, all relating to 
better understanding and measuring methane 
emissions within the natural gas value chain.
Colorado State University’s Methane Emissions 
Technology Evaluation Center (METEC): METEC 
is a platform for researchers to test and develop new, 
innovative technology to measure methane 
emissions. The Center also connects researchers 
with industry partners to help develop energy 
technology and prepare students for energy and 
technology careers. Williams helped establish 
METEC in 2017 providing equipment donations and 
technical guidance and continues to support the 
Center as a company member on the METEC 
Industry Advisory Board.
Differentiated Gas Coordinating Council 
(DGCC): DGCC is a coalition of stakeholders across 
the natural gas supply chain dedicated to facilitating 
a pathway for policymakers, regulators, utilities and 
gas consumers to use differentiated gas, including 
NextGen Gas, as a means for meeting climate goals. 
The DGCC believes that differentiated gas can be an 
important tool for reducing methane emissions and 
demonstrating emissions reduction in the oil and 
gas sector. 
Energy Emissions Modeling and Data Lab 
(EEMDL): EEMDL is an initiative launched by the 
University of Texas at Austin and Colorado State 
University with the mission to provide reliable, 
transparent, science-based and measurement-based 
GHG assessments of global oil and gas supply 
chains. The initiative aims to achieve this through 
three key approaches: developing community 
models and tools for GHG emissions assessments; 
making publicly available timely, high-resolution 
emissions datasets; and creating educational and 
training materials to enable widespread use of 
EEMDL’s models and data. Williams became a 
founding sponsor of the EEMDL in 2022.
Gas Machinery Research Council (GMRC): 
GMRC is an industry initiative to support the continual 
improvement of technological advancements through 
research initiatives and collaborations. Williams is a 
member company of the GMRC and sits on the GMRC 
board. As part of our membership, Williams participates 
in the GMRC project supervisory committee that leads 
research projects aimed at cutting GHG emissions, 
improving compression efficiency and reducing lube oil 
consumption at member facilities.
Interstate Natural Gas Association of America’s 
(INGAA) Methane Emissions Commitment: Williams 
is a signatory of INGAA’s Methane Emissions 
Commitment to implement methane reduction activities 
and perform leak surveys at all transmission and 
storage compressor stations by 2022. Williams met this 
commitment by surveying all our transmission and 
storage compressor stations and continues to pursue 
opportunities to reduce our methane emissions. In 
2022, INGAA appointed Chad Zamarin, Executive Vice 
President corporate strategic development, to serve 
as chair of the organization for a one-year term. Seven 
of Williams leaders were also selected to serve as 
chairs of INGAA’s board committees during his term. 
National Petroleum Council (NPC): 
Williams partners with the NPC to facilitate studies on 
hydrogen technology and GHG emissions reduction. 
The goal of the GHG study is to produce policy 
recommendations for government and industry 
recommendations to drive GHG emissions reductions 
across the natural gas value chain, in support of U.S. 
commitments to the Paris Agreement and the Global 
Methane Pledge. The GHG study also seeks to identify 
means to improve the measurement and monitoring of 
emissions across the country.
Zach Keith, Director of ESG.
39
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Oil & Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 (OGMP 2.0): 
OGMP 2.0 is the United Nations Environment 
Programme’s (UNEP) flagship oil and gas reporting 
and mitigation program. It is a multi-stakeholder 
partnership developed by the United Nations, the 
European Commission, the Environmental Defense 
Fund and the Climate and Clean Air Coalition to 
improve the accuracy and transparency of methane 
emissions reporting with a goal of reducing emissions. 
OGMP 2.0 commits member companies to report 
methane emissions in accordance with what are 
widely recognized as the highest established 
standards, as well as to set industry-leading methane 
reduction targets. It is the only comprehensive, 
measurement-based international reporting framework 
for the sector. Participation supports Williams’ 
full-value chain NextGen Gas program to provide 
path-specific methane intensity certifications to utilities, 
LNG export facilities and other cleaner energy users. 
Williams was the first U.S. large-scale integrated 
midstream organization to join OGMP 2.0.
Partnership to Address Global Emissions (PAGE): 
PAGE is a nonpartisan coalition of like-minded 
organizations that advocates for policies, such as 
permitting reform, that will enable the development of 
infrastructure needed to increase production and export 
of U.S. LNG to replace foreign coal and lower GHG 
emissions. PAGE members include energy companies, 
NGOs, trade unions and climate advocates.
Pipeline Research Council International (PRCI): 
PRCI is a program focused on technology 
development to reduce GHG emissions in all aspects 
of our industry — from combustion emissions to 
fugitives. Williams drives industry research through 
our membership in the PRCI compressor and pump 
station technical committee, and Williams’ Vice 
President, Environmental and Permitting resides as 
the chair of PRCI. PRCI’s Emerging Fuels Institute 
(EFI), established in 2021, continues to spearhead 
research on next-generation energy transportation 
and storage. EFI will research energy sources such 
as hydrogen, renewable natural gas and other 
potential gas and liquid fuel sources to find solutions 
that safely meet global energy needs. EFI currently 
has 23 active projects aimed at closing the gap to 
safely develop the hydrogen economy and 
infrastructure. Williams was among the founding 
members of EFI’s CO2 transport team, and our 
Director of Engineering — Plants and Facilities is 
currently the chair of the institute.
Texas Methane and Flaring Coalition: This 
Coalition is focused on identifying and promoting 
best practices for reducing flaring and methane 
emissions in Texas. Williams is a Coalition member, 
along with all of Texas’ oil and gas trade associations 
and over 40 oil and gas companies.
Williams closely monitors the air emissions 
associated with our operations to meet increasing 
energy demand while mitigating potential air 
emissions impacts on people and the environment. 
Our actions to address operational GHG emissions 
overlap with how we minimize our non-GHG air 
emissions. Air emissions from our facilities include, 
but are not limited to, nitrogen oxides (NOX), volatile 
organic compounds (VOCs), hazardous air pollutants 
(HAPs), carbon monoxide (CO), sulfur oxides (SOX) 
and particulate matter (PM). 
Non-GHG Air Emissions
Increased criteria pollutant emissions in 2022 are due 
to increased fuel combustion by our compressor 
drivers that transport growing volumes of natural gas 
to our transmission segment customers. Criteria 
pollutant emissions are anticipated to decrease with 
continued investment in our Emissions Reduction 
Program for equivalent volumes of gas, pressure and 
transport distance. We also follow a standardized 
approach for asset construction, operation and 
maintenance to minimize air emissions.
SASB EM-MD-120a.1
Non-GHG Air EmissionsTons
25,000
30,000
20,000
15,000
5,000
10,000
Nitrogen Oxides Volatile Organic 
Compounds
Hazardous Air 
Pollutants
Particulate Matter Sulfur Dioxide
2021 2022
28,177
29,576
7,975 8,648
2,3792,088 1,024 1,237 430 466
Transco Station 175 in Scottsville, Virginia.
40
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

The projects incorporate gas recovery technology to 
reduce vented methane, and the turbine compressors 
transport natural gas using combustion technologies that 
are lower emitting than required by current air quality 
regulations. We project that the ERP will reduce Transco 
and NWP system-wide transmission sector NOX 
emissions by over 75% and compressor methane 
emissions by approximately 50% from recent levels.
In 2022, under the NWP ERP we installed one low NOX 
gas-fired turbine to replace four legacy reciprocating 
engines at our Rangely Compressor Station and made 
low NOX emissions upgrades to two existing turbine 
engines at our Boise Compressor Station. As a result, 
we expect to see significant reductions of averaged 
annual emissions by approximately 740 tons of NOX per 
year for the full calendar year beginning in 2023. Under 
the Transco ERP , Station 180 will go into service in 
2023. Stations 80, 100, 150 and 160 ERPs will go into 
service in 2024, with significant permitted emissions 
reductions. For 2023 Station 180 ERP , Transco will 
retire and replace 14 legacy natural gas combustion 
reciprocating compressor engines with two new natural 
gas combustion turbine compressors, which are 
expected to result in a reduction of permitted emissions 
by approximately 2,600 tons of NOX, 1,200 tons of 
carbon monoxide, 240 tons of volatile organic 
compounds and 60 tons of formaldehyde per year, 
along with an estimated reduction in compressor 
methane potential to emit of 2,000 tons per year.
In addition, Williams updated our process for evaluating 
alternatives for compressor horsepower expansion and 
replacement projects within the Transco system. 
This process update enhances the decision-making 
matrices that govern the installation of EMD compression 
over natural-gas fired compression for the purposes of 
Avoidance of NOX and CO2e Emissions for 
Williams Compressor Station Projects[1] 
[1]  Plus an approximate reduction of 350 tons/year NOX and 145,000 tons/year CO2e from the replacement of three legacy 
natural gas-fired turbine compressors.
Emissions Reduction 
Program (ERP) — 
Compressor Station 100[1] 
Avoidance of Potential Scope 1 Compressor NOX Emissions (Approximate)
Avoidance of Potential Scope 1 Compressor CO2e Emissions (Approximate)
Regional Energy 
Access Expansion
Southside Reliability 
Enhancement
Commonwealth 
Energy Connector
Tons of CO2e Emissions Per Year
Tons of NOX Emissions Per Year
40 200,000
30 150,000
20 100,000
10 50,000
10
35,000
40
140,000
25
20
90,000
70,000
Williams tracks and collates air quality-related data 
across our enterprise through a robust GHG and criteria 
air pollutant dashboard, and we utilize PowerBI and 
Maximo to monitor progress. We calculate and report 
annual emissions data from our facilities to the 
applicable regulatory agencies following permit 
requirements. In addition, the Williams Environmental 
Assessment Program, a set of protocols and tools we 
use to evaluate environmental compliance at our 
operations and throughout the lifecycle of construction 
projects, establishes a process for conducting internal 
audits of air emissions compliance. We also provide air 
quality permit training for employees who maintain our 
facilities and support capital projects.
Tracking air emissions from our operations allows us to 
evaluate our performance and identify opportunities for 
improvement. Our methods for mitigating air emissions 
include retiring and replacing legacy equipment, 
maximizing operational efficiency, following operational 
and maintenance best practices and controls, 
implementing new technologies and monitoring 
compliance with local, state, regional and federal laws 
and regulations. For example, in 2022, all applicable 
Williams turbines complied with new formaldehyde 
emissions limits that went into effect in March 2022. 
Williams works to reduce air emissions through 
modernization programs focused on retiring and 
replacing legacy equipment. Our Emissions Reduction 
Program (ERP) is a multi-year investment project that 
aims to considerably reduce NOX and methane emissions 
from Transco and Northwest Pipeline (NWP) compressor 
stations. The ERP replaces legacy compression 
equipment with a combination of modern, NOX-limiting 
natural gas-fired turbines and electric motor drive (EMD) 
compressors equipped with vent gas reduction systems, 
also resulting in an anticipated reduction in equipment 
downtime and improving reliability for customers. 
mitigating GHG and criteria pollutant emissions at 
compressor stations through the analysis of local grid 
resource mix, reliability and security, better positioning 
the company to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions. For more information on reducing GHG 
emissions, see Operational Greenhouse Gas Emissions.
Examples of ongoing compressor station projects that 
have approved an EMD compression alternative include 
those in the chart below. These avoidance projects are 
expected to go into service in 2024 and 2025.
41
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Biodiversity & Land Use
SASB EM-MD-160a.1, EM-MD-160a.2 
Williams’ biodiversity practices are governed by 
company-driven policies and local, state and federal 
regulations. Our approach to protecting the health of 
our local ecosystems reflects the key principles of the 
International Finance Corporation’s environmental 
and social sustainability performance standards. For 
both onshore and offshore operations, we apply an 
adaptive mitigation hierarchy to “avoid, minimize, 
restore, and offset” potential impacts on sensitive 
land and aquatic ecosystems during project 
development and execution. 
Environmental stewardship is core to Williams’ 
operations. We are increasing our focus on 
safeguarding biodiversity and using land responsibly 
while advancing the clean energy economy. Williams 
strives to preserve the environment for future 
generations by avoiding, minimizing and mitigating 
potential impacts on biodiversity and land during the 
routing, siting, construction, remediation, and 
retirement of pipelines and facilities. During 
construction activities, Williams goes beyond regulatory 
requirements and employs an Environmental Inspector 
or designated Environmental Responsible Person to 
oversee environmental compliance of project plans 
and permits. Williams began implementing this standard 
across all Williams operating areas in late 2022 and 
anticipates the integration of this standard into the 
Williams Integrated Management System for full 
execution in 2023. Additional information can be 
found in our Biodiversity Statement.
Biodiversity Management
Williams’ potential to affect biodiversity mainly occurs 
during the construction of our pipelines. In the early 
stages of project development, we conduct geographic 
information system (GIS) analyses, computer-based 
reviews and site-specific surveys to pinpoint sensitive 
environmental, cultural and historic areas. Our 
preliminary project analysis seeks to identify and protect 
areas of High Conservation Value (HCV) from the 
impacts of construction and prevent land use changes 
within natural habitats. We pay special attention to 
streams and wetlands; rare, threatened or endangered 
species; historic properties; and culturally important 
sites, including those important to indigenous peoples. 
Northwest Pipeline in Hood River, Oregon.
42
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

We also seek to understand interconnections (or 
interdependencies) between natural resources and local 
communities. This contextual information is valuable for 
decision making and long-term success of restoration 
and stewardship efforts. We use the outputs of the GIS 
analyses, combined with stakeholder feedback, to 
proactively develop natural resource management 
strategies that address any potential adverse effects 
from construction and operations. 
Sustainable development of new projects involves 
responsibly managing natural resources and preserving 
ecosystem services in the process. When feasible, we 
design projects that use or run parallel to existing 
rights-of-way to minimize habitat fragmentation and 
avoid areas with high biodiversity. We develop and 
execute new projects in compliance with all applicable 
regulations, including those issued or enforced by the 
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, Bureau of Land 
Management, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration Fisheries, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers 
and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Our 
stakeholder engagement and actions related to 
biodiversity help us maintain collaborative relationships 
with landowners, communities and regulators. This 
supports our ability to manage our assets effectively 
and develop new projects responsibly. 
2022 International Union for 
Conservation of Nature Red List 
Species in Williams’ Areas of Operation
167
Total Species
Age of Board Members
2022 International Union for Conservation...
56 Endangered
42 Vulnerable
34 Critically Endangered
18 Least Concern
17 Near Threatened
In 2022, 12% of land owned, leased and operated by 
Williams was within or near areas of protected 
conservation status or endangered species habitat, as 
determined by the International Union for Conservation 
of Nature (IUCN); Ramsar Wetlands of International 
Importance; United Nations Educational, Scientific and 
Cultural Organization World Heritage Sites; and U.S. 
Fish and Wildlife Service. The chart to the left shows the 
number of IUCN red-listed species in 2022 within the 
counties where Williams operates.
Williams works closely with state and federal agencies 
to minimize impacts if we cannot avoid sensitive 
biodiversity areas by rerouting projects during the 
design phase. We evaluate projects early in the 
development stages to identify potential resource 
impacts and permitting feasibility before further 
considering executing on a proposed project. In 
addition to working with permitting agencies, Williams 
also collaborates with interest groups, biodiversity and 
land mapping experts, community organizations and 
land management agencies to develop appropriate 
impact minimization, restoration and offset plans. 
Standard minimization measures include following 
seasonal land clearing restrictions, reducing 
construction footprints and implementing specialized 
construction methods. In 2022, we continued our 
engagement with companies that provide GIS data 
services to ensure we have the most accurately 
available public land use data in our Environment, 
Health and Safety Master Asset Viewer system. This 
data allows our team to properly minimize adverse 
effects on biodiversity. Williams recognizes that 
right-of-way clearing and maintenance can have a 
long-term impact on trees since they cannot be 
replaced over the pipeline post construction due to 
pipeline integrity and monitoring reasons. We value 
forests for their important contribution to ecological 
biodiversity and climate by serving as nature’s carbon 
sinks. Our commitment to climate action extends to 
responsible management of this valuable resource. 
Whenever feasible, our project routing aims to avoid 
construction through forested areas and reduce the 
number of trees removed during clearing. Williams also 
supports reforestation and habitat restoration through 
corporate giving and partnerships with NGOs, such as 
the Arbor Day Foundation. In honor of the 50th 
Anniversary of the Arbor Day Foundation in 2022, 
Williams supported the Foundation to replant 50,000 
longleaf pine trees in North Carolina, South Carolina 
and Louisiana. The longleaf pine tree currently covers 
a small fraction of its original range, and the loss of its 
ecosystem has been detrimental to the nearly 600 
animal and plant species that depend on it. Reviving 
the species will help reduce forest fragmentation and 
give a home to endangered wildlife like the red-
cockaded woodpecker, indigo snake and gopher 
tortoise. It will also reduce erosion due to the species’ 
ability to grow in sandy and mountainous areas. Since 
2020, Williams has supported eight Arbor Day 
Foundation projects that planted 135,290 trees across 
268 acres in six states.
Transco right of way in Scottsville, Virginia.
43
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Williams is committed to responsibly installing pipelines 
during construction and, when assets are retired, 
restoring the land used for our facilities and pipeline 
infrastructure projects. We have a long-standing goal 
to return the land to its original state and create 
opportunities for beneficial reuse. 
As part of our land use strategy, we work to mitigate 
the risk of landslides, which can affect pipeline integrity 
and disrupt the environment. In the Northeast, where 
the terrain is extremely sloped and susceptible to 
landslides, Williams assesses landslide potential during 
route development on proposed pipelines following 
The Nature Conservancy (TNC) and other industry 
guidelines. We route pipelines to circumvent potential 
problem areas to the most reasonable extent possible. 
When applicable, we use mitigation measures to 
reduce the risk of landslides, slips and erosion caused 
by tree-clearing and earthwork during construction 
and pipeline installation. Our internal landslide team 
evaluates existing sites that predate TNC guidelines 
and develops site-specific remediation plans to 
prevent landslides as necessary. Additionally, we 
continue to execute our landslide avoidance and 
mitigation efforts by monitoring susceptible sites using 
field and aerial patrols coupled with annual light 
detection and ranging (LiDAR) surveys. For more 
information on landslide risk mitigation efforts, see 
Aerial Monitoring Technologies within the Pipeline & 
Asset Integrity section. 
Williams’ asset retirement and removal obligation 
review process is a planning mechanism that allows us 
to identify the potential environmental impacts and 
associated costs of retiring an asset. We initiate a 
property assessment and subsurface investigation 
before any demolition or abandonment activity as part 
of the process. The assessment’s findings help 
determine an appropriate approach for restoring land 
no longer used as part of our operations. In addition, 
we have integrated additional monitoring and 
restoration activities into our permit-tracking tool to 
better understand the performance of our post-
construction restoration efforts. 
As part of our construction projects, Williams 
disturbed 2,395 acres of land across all owned, 
leased and operated land in 2022. However, we 
restored 1,092 acres during the same reporting 
period, the rest of which will be restored in future 
years, unless part of permanent above-ground facility 
footprint. We seek to temporarily stabilize disturbed 
soils immediately following completion of construction, 
and, for permanent restoration, we aim to 
successfully restore vegetative cover and stabilize 
disturbed soils within two growing seasons. When 
restoring land, we use native plants and seed mixes 
that support a diversity of pollinator species. Our 
restoration plans meet state and local regulatory 
standards and often include practices that exceed 
regulatory minimum requirements. 
This year, Williams worked with restoration specialists 
at the Natural Resources Conservation Service 
(NRCS), land managing agencies, private consultants 
and seed suppliers to develop site-specific seed mixes 
that promote diversity and wildlife foraging across our 
West operating area. As part of this effort, the team 
coordinated to organize seed mixes by county, region 
and pipeline milepost, and we plan to evaluate the 
success of these seed mixes for the continued 
evolution of this initiative. We voluntarily implement 
restoration seed mixes at all new Northeast gathering 
locations and expansion projects companywide. 
Additionally, Williams permitting team supported wet 
meadow project work funded by the Wyoming Game 
and Fish Department’s Southwest Wyoming Local 
Sage-Grouse Working Group and the Wyoming 
Wildlife Federation. Structures built by volunteers will 
aid in the restoration of wet meadows by reducing 
erosion, retaining surface water runoff and enhancing 
habitat to support both local and migrating wildlife. 
Williams captured aerial photographs using a drone 
and generated an orthomosaic, or high-resolution 
composite image, of the project area. Comparing this 
orthomosaic to future aerial photography of the area 
will allow us to evaluate the effectiveness of 
restoration efforts. 
Funding provided by Williams helped The 
Conservation Fund and Countryside Conservancy 
buy an 18-acre property in Dalton, Pennsylvania. 
Land Use
Lynda Schubring, Manager of Permitting, with stakeholders at Trolley Trail in Pennsylvania.
This land is one of the final remaining sections needed 
to connect and close the recreational trail gap 
between Dalton and La Plume, Pennsylvania. The 
property will be used to expand the existing Trolley 
Trail, a potential 14-mile path for non-motorized 
recreation along the Northern Electric Trolley corridor. 
In addition to this 18-acre tract, The Conservation 
Fund, through contributions provided in part by 
Williams, allocated funds to the transfer of 426 acres 
of property in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, to 
the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and 
Natural Resources (DCNR), which will provide 
protection for intact habitat that benefits migratory 
birds, bats and other wildlife.
44
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Water stewardship is important for several of our 
stakeholders, including local communities and 
non-governmental organizations. Williams understands 
water is a precious resource, and we work to protect it 
during asset construction, operation and retirement 
through our environmental inspection and compliance 
programs. We adhere to all applicable environmental 
laws, regulations and permit conditions related to 
water. Williams developed the internal Environmental 
Assessment Program (EAP) to identify corrective 
actions to maintain compliance. Risks and 
opportunities related to water were also considered as 
part of the TCFD-aligned physical and transition risk 
scenario analyses.
Water
Williams recognizes the importance of effectively 
mitigating our water impacts when developing an 
asset or planning a new pipeline right-of-way. As part 
of our detailed routing and construction process, we 
thoughtfully review routing options to minimize 
environmental impacts, including water resources. 
Throughout this process, we try to avoid construction 
through forested wetlands and sensitive streams. We 
also aim to reduce disturbances by reducing 
workspaces in or near water features, using 
specialized construction techniques (e.g., horizontal 
directional drilling) where feasible and implementing 
soil erosion and sediment controls.
We also continue to improve our systems for 
monitoring operational water use. Williams operates a 
small number of water-intensive sites at which water is 
integral for operations and consumed in a significant 
amount. In 2022, we consulted with environmental 
specialists and our operations team to better 
understand water’s role in our operations. As a result, 
we created a quarterly tracking form to record 
operational water use at these water-intensive sites, 
which improves resource awareness and helps us 
understand our risk exposure. We also implemented a 
water stress GIS layer that pulls directly from the World 
Resources Institute Aqueduct tool, which will allow us 
to continuously monitor the impact of our operations 
on water-stressed regions. Williams has identified 
approximately 300,000 gallons of water consumed 
from water stressed areas.[1] Going forward, we plan to 
evaluate the impacts of our water use in these areas.
[1] This number is isolated to Williams’ gas processing operations.
While water consumption is not a large part of pipeline 
operations, we most commonly use it for hydrostatic 
testing during pipeline commissioning. In 2022, we 
withdrew approximately 9.78 million gallons of water 
for hydrostatic testing, most of which we reused or 
returned to the same basin from which it originated. 
We test hydrostatic water to verify that it meets permit 
condition standards, and we release it in an 
environmentally sensitive way in vegetated areas to 
avoid erosion. Williams used about 24% more water 
in 2022 than in 2021 due to an increase in pipeline 
projects, although this water use was not 
consumptive. By responsibly measuring and 
maintaining the water quality of effluents, Williams 
promotes strong community relationships and ensures 
regulatory compliance. 
We strive to recycle the water we use wherever 
possible to improve our resource efficiency. For 
example, “regen” water — water removed from 
natural gas through dehydration — is captured from 
dehydrated beds and recycled for use in the amine 
system at our Echo Springs facility. We also recycle 
drilling fluid to minimize additional water intake during 
drilling activities. Additionally, salt-impacted 
groundwater pumped from remediation projects at 
our Conway, Kansas area facilities is recycled for use 
in facility brine operations, diverting the water from 
disposal. Occasionally, freshwater is pumped into the 
brine ponds to maintain proper salinity levels.
Water Use & Effluents
We focus on reducing the wastewater produced by 
cooling towers designed to cool the circulating water 
used in our processing plants. For example, Williams’ 
investment in a process modernization project at 
Station 240 in Carlstadt, New Jersey, led to 2022 
being the second consecutive year of zero industrial 
wastewater discharge from the station.
For water we must discharge, we adhere to stringent 
water quality standards and permitting requirements 
established by federal and state regulatory agencies. 
All water we use must meet acceptable standards 
before returning to the ground or surface. At our Dilley 
Amine facility, Williams uses a 0.86-acre farm for the 
land application of reverse osmosis reject water, which 
is wastewater produced during the reverse osmosis 
process. This approach eliminates transportation and 
disposal needs while reducing costs and associated 
environmental hazards.
As Williams increasingly evaluates green hydrogen 
products, we understand that water may become a 
critical resource and are proactively developing 
responsible water resource management practices. 
Carbon-free hydrogen generation consumes water 
during electrolysis, which uses electricity to split water 
compounds into hydrogen and oxygen.
TCFD: Metrics and Targets
Northwest Pipeline in Hood River, Oregon.
45
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Williams supports broad-based research and initiatives 
on water-related topics. Throughout 2022, Williams 
continued to follow the work of the Arbuckle Study 
Group, formed at the direction of the Kansas governor, 
in response to increased injection zone pressures on 
the Arbuckle formation. Williams is monitoring how the 
group’s findings may shape future injection practices.
We are also a member of the Consortium to Study 
Trends in Seismicity (CSTS), a public-private project to 
study seismicity trends in Kansas. Information 
obtained through the CSTS project helps improve our 
understanding of the increases in seismicity in Kansas 
and Oklahoma observed since 2013. As a member of 
the CSTS, Williams provides funding for the project 
and reviews data reports prior to publication. In 2022, 
we hosted the Consortium’s annual meeting at our 
Conway facility.
To promote healthy aquatic habitats, Williams supports 
the Shamokin Creek Restoration Alliance in 
Pennsylvania and the South Santiam Watershed 
Council in Oregon. In 2022, we supported the South 
Santiam Watershed Council’s Hamilton Creek Riparian 
Enhancement project, which benefits watershed health 
and drinking water for downstream communities. The 
creek also provides rearing habitat for two federally 
listed fish species.
Partnership & Initiatives
Williams generates waste during the transportation, 
gathering, processing and treating processes. Common 
types of waste generated at our facilities and pipeline 
systems include used oil, pipeline liquids, pipeline/vessel 
sludge, used filters, pipeline coating, scrap metal and 
contaminated soils. While waste represents a relatively 
small portion of our overall environmental impact, 
Waste
Williams focuses on proactively reducing our operational 
waste and effectively managing the waste we generate. 
We design our approach to managing nonhazardous 
and hazardous waste from our operations to mitigate 
environmental impacts, promote safe operations, 
protect human health and reduce cost.
The Williams Integrated Management System (WIMS) 
establishes a standardized process for managing 
hazardous and non-hazardous waste at company 
sites, including characterization, storage, handling, 
packaging, transportation and disposal. We manage 
operational waste through prescriptive measures, 
including placing waste in designated, labeled 
containers, maintaining waste storage areas, 
conducting inspections and disposing of waste based 
on all applicable regulations. Our environmental 
specialists assist operations with waste 
characterization, disposal and reporting. Additionally, 
we evaluate waste management practices and 
performance as a part of our Environmental 
Assessment Program (EAP) for enhanced compliance 
assurance. Combined with training and compliance 
audits, these measures form the basis of our waste 
management approach.
Waste Management
In 2022, Williams established a Waste Handling 
Optimization goal for 2023 in our Transmission and 
Gulf of Mexico operating area. Our goal has three 
objectives: evaluate waste tracking platforms to 
establish a consistent, area-wide format for tracking all 
waste streams; develop a preferred list of well-
performing waste vendors to handle our waste; and 
develop resources to aid with proper waste 
management activities, such drum labeling, storage 
area requirements and other topics as needed.
Williams reviewed 2022 data for waste generation and 
disposal at 14 gas processing plants and three 
fractionation facilities. The waste data was categorized 
as hazardous or nonhazardous waste, as defined by 
federal regulations. It was then further categorized into 
waste sent off-site for disposal or recycling. Produced 
water was excluded from 2022 waste data. Going 
forward, we plan to expand the review of our waste 
impacts as we work to develop more robust tools to 
gather and report waste data. The 2022 data can be 
seen in the chart on the next page.
McPherson Valley Wetlands in Kansas.
46
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Metric Tons
12,000
15,000
9,000
6,000
3,000
We provide guidelines and protocols for managing 
specific operational waste streams through the 
Williams Integrated Management System. For 
example, our Operating Guideline for aerosol cans lays 
out clear steps to characterize, manage and dispose 
of waste aerosol cans. The guideline includes the 
proper labeling, storage and disposal requirements to 
meet state and federal regulations. Our Operating 
Guideline for hydrovac slurry, a construction biproduct 
composed of soil and water, allows for the reuse of the 
slurry when following specific protocols. Before 
initiating construction, we require construction projects 
that will engage in significant excavation to develop a 
Hydrovac Slurry and Excess Fill Materials Management 
Plan. Additionally, in 2022, we upgraded our Operating 
Procedures to prescribe a more consistent approach 
for managing polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) waste.
As part of our commitment to conduct business in a 
safe and reliable manner, we manage chemical 
inventory reporting through our internal operating 
requirement for Tier II reporting and hazard 
communication. Environmental specialists prepare and 
submit annual Tier II chemical inventory reports to the 
appropriate regulatory agencies. Additionally, 
beginning in 2022, Williams prepared for Toxic Release 
Inventory (TRI) reporting requirements for gas 
processing plants under NAICS code 211130 
established for the 2023 reporting deadline. Williams’ 
Safety Data Sheets are publicly available to provide 
interested stakeholders with detailed information that 
meets local, state and federal requirements. For more 
information about Williams’ Safety Data Sheets, visit 
our website.
Mercury contaminants can potentially accumulate in the 
piping and vessels of our operating assets, generating 
hazardous waste. In 2022, we completed a large scale 
mercury evaluation across the Transco system to 
identify receipt points that are sources of elevated 
mercury concentrations in gas and gas condensate. As 
a result, we plan to continue to perform smaller 
site-specific evaluations at points that present the most 
risk. We also continue to perform mercury-in-gas 
sampling at our key receipt points, storage facilities and 
mainline compressor stations. In addition, we perform 
X-ray fluorescence surveys for wall-bound mercury in 
piping and vessels removed from service or in need of 
repair. Through these efforts, we safely and 
appropriately manage mercury exposure risks.
Radioactive waste is not a significant concern in our 
operations. However, we monitor evolving regulations 
around Technologically Enhanced Naturally Occurring 
Radioactive Materials (TENORM) and continue to 
analyze our waste streams for specific radionuclides 
generally found in the oil and gas industry where 
applicable. As regulations develop, we will follow 
management and disposal requirements that may 
affect our waste streams.
In addition to our waste management and minimization 
efforts, we also discuss our approach to managing 
spills and releases and tracking our Loss of Primary 
Containment performance in the Pipeline & Asset 
Integrity section of this report.
Minimizing Waste
We seek waste minimization opportunities while 
ensuring natural gas reliability. For example, our 
underground hydrocarbon storage facilities in Conway, 
Kansas, operate caverns developed in natural salt 
formations to store millions of barrels of natural gas 
liquids. The Kansas Department of Health and 
Environment authorized a waste minimization process 
as an alternative to landfill disposal of salt-impacted 
earthen materials. Williams practices this emplacement 
process of returning natural materials to the subsurface. 
As a result, Williams has diverted approximately 31,000 
tons of salt-impacted soil from landfill disposal since 
January 2017. In addition, the emplacement of these 
solids provides stabilization of caverns that are no 
longer in service for natural gas liquid storage.
In our corporate offices, we work with third-party waste 
handlers to recycle paper, plastic and cardboard. In 
2022, our Tulsa headquarters building collected and 
recycled approximately 40.44 tons of these materials, 
which includes materials recycled on all tenant-
occupied floors. To promote sustainable practices in our 
corporate offices, we encourage employees to avoid 
printing documents when possible. In 2022, we 
decreased the number of printed pages by 14% 
compared to 2021, which is equivalent to saving 66 
trees and 153,214 gallons of water. In addition, Williams 
recycles and donates electronic hardware, such as 
computers and electronic accessories.
We take more waste reduction actions by assessing 
and identifying facilities with the greatest opportunity to 
switch from existing lighting technology to more efficient 
LED technology. In 2022, we continued replacing 
existing light bulbs with LED lighting helping to improve 
our waste management and energy efficiency.
2022 Waste Generation & Disposal from Gas Processing 
Plants & Fractionation Facilities
Hazardous Waste 
Disposal and Recycled[1]
2.2
Nonhazardous 
Materials Recycled[3]
Nonhazardous 
Waste Disposal[2]
4,146
12,674
[1]  Hazardous waste shipped from Williams Gas Processing Plants and Fractionation Facilities. Includes waste managed as hazardous waste based 
on federal regulations and shipped to third party for disposal or potential use for a beneficial purpose such as energy recovery or fuels blending. 
Hazardous waste totals vary year over year depending on episodic events and maintenance activities.
[2] Non-Hazardous waste shipped from Williams Gas Processing Plants and Fractionation Facilities for disposal.
[3] Materials recycled includes nonhazardous materials shipped from Williams Gas Processing Plants and Fractionation Facilities. Includes used oil.
47
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
In 2022, Williams’ Facilities and Construction team advanced an ongoing initiative to 
modernize and remodel 10 floors of our Houston office building. The Modernization 
Program aims to achieve LEED gold certification by: 
• Reducing volatile organic compounds and other toxic materials during 
construction 
• Recycling, donating and selling old furniture 
• Increasing use of natural light 
• Integrating mechanical, electrical and plumbing controls to reduce electricity and 
water use 
• Installing EnergyStar® rated appliances 
As part of this initiative, Williams is making significant efforts to divert waste from 
landfills and improve resource efficiency. During renovations of three floors in 2022, 
Williams accumulated 3,690 cubic yards of waste, including trash, concrete, 
sheetrock, metal, wood, plastic and cardboard. Williams recycled 86%, or 3,189 
cubic yards, of the waste produced. We plan to continue renovating floors until the 
program is complete, at which point we will submit for LEED certification.
Striving for LEED Certification
Williams is committed to responsible environmental 
management throughout our site closure and 
rehabilitation processes. We plan for asset retirement 
and land restoration well in advance of a site closure 
date and set aside appropriate funding. As Williams 
retires operations, we consciously consider how we 
will dismantle the facilities, explore potential future 
uses of the land and assets, and remediate the sites in 
accordance with regulatory agencies.
In cases where we are responsible for an 
environmental impact, Williams will often retain 
responsibility for, and control of, the closed property 
site until clean-up is complete. We work through state 
voluntary clean-up programs, and in some cases 
consent agreements, to restore these sites until we 
have met all regulatory requirements. Our goal for 
legacy sites is to remediate soil and groundwater in 
the area to ultimately restore the land for company, 
public, third-party reuse and/or habitat creation. 
Site Closure & Rehabilitation
In 2022, Williams’ environmental services team 
managed 94 active remediation sites, for a total 
environmental accrual for remediation of $41 million. 
Williams’ remediation projects have earned recognition 
for excellence in Site Reuse Award from the U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency. We work with 
multiple state and federal regulatory agencies to 
update and complete site closure plans, allowing for 
land rehabilitation, repurposing and/or re-use. We also 
align this work with our biodiversity practices to ensure 
we are protecting habitats for native plants and wildlife. 
When necessary, throughout the site closure process, 
Williams engages with multiple stakeholders, including 
local community members and leaders to minimize 
disruption. Williams is responsible for remediation 
projects throughout our nationwide footprint, with the 
goal to ultimately return the remediated landscape to a 
beneficial use.
Briana Schulze, Director of Operations and Cherice Corley, Communications Specialist Staff 
at Pine Needle in Stokesdale, North Carolina.
Williams Tower in Houston.
48
Minimizing Our FootprintWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Protecting People 
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Company Overview Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy Minimizing Our Footprint Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure Building an Empowered Workforce Strengthening Communities Appendix
Maintaining the safety and integrity of our assets and 
operations is central to Williams’ business. Aligned with our 
Core Values, we operate in a safety-driven manner that 
protects our employees and contractors, safeguards the 
public and secures our infrastructure.
Pablo Hidalgo, Operations Technician Lead at a Transco 
meter station at Floyd Bennett Field in Princeton Division.
49Protecting People & Strengthening InfrastructureWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Our pipelines span more than 33,000 miles across the 
country and traverse thousands of communities. It is 
imperative that we preserve the integrity of our assets 
to protect the communities and ecosystems 
surrounding our operations. Maintaining safe, secure 
operations is fundamental to upholding our 
commitment to delivering clean, reliable energy, 
Pipeline & Asset Integrity
GRI 3-3, 306-3; SASB EM-MD-160a.4, EM-MD-520a.1, EM-MD-540a.1; SDG 8; TCFD: Metrics and Targets
Why This Matters to Williams
serving our customers and generating value for our 
shareholders. Williams follows robust operating 
practices and uses the Williams Integrated 
Management System (WIMS) operating requirements 
and Integrity Management Plans to prevent leaks, 
ruptures and releases to the environment. We also 
have clear processes and procedures to effectively 
respond in the event of a rupture or release.
Williams has developed a comprehensive Pipeline 
Safety Management System (PSMS) in alignment with 
the industry and American Petroleum Institute (API) 
Recommended Practice (RP) 1173. Our PSMS applies 
the Plan-Do-Check-Act philosophy of continuous 
improvement and provides a framework that enhances 
pipeline safety performance through standardization of 
key program elements. This continuous growth model 
reinforces Williams’ commitment to zero incidents by 
identifying and prioritizing risk reduction opportunities. 
The PSMS governance structure features a core team 
of subject leads to mirror the structure of the WIMS, our 
standard operating requirements and project standards 
management system developed to mitigate all 
operational, EHS and compliance risk. This structure 
allows Williams to integrate API RP 1173 criteria into our 
internal functions and creates opportunities for 
collaboration between different teams and functional 
areas. We performed baseline scoring against API RP 
1173 in 2022 to measure the maturity of our PSMS and 
to identify improvement opportunities.
Risk management is a key element within our PSMS. 
Our Integrity Management Plans (IMP) present a 
structured approach for evaluating safety threats and 
implementing controls to prevent or mitigate the effects 
of potential incidents. Our approach includes deploying 
of pipeline integrity assessments and subsequently 
repairing identified defects. We set and achieved an 
annual performance measure to complete 100% of 
required integrity assessments. In 2022, Williams 
completed integrity assessments on 132 pipeline 
segments. 14 of those segments did not require 
inspection per regulatory code. In total, we performed 
3,200 miles of integrity assessments in 2022. We also 
follow Mechanical Integrity Quality Assurance Programs 
for facilities that follow OSHA Process Safety 
Management (PSM) regulations. All facilities, despite 
regulatory authority, use an operational risk 
management approach to prioritize and mitigate 
integrity risks. This approach allows us to evaluate risks 
from both a severity and probability perspective and 
apply appropriate preventive and mitigative measures.
Williams conducts annual performance evaluations to 
assess all elements of our integrity programs, pinpoint 
improvement opportunities and develop action items 
to track completion of recommended improvements. 
The asset integrity team presents an annual 
performance summary of our Integrity Management 
Plans to executive leaders, as required by our Gas, 
Liquid and Facility Integrity Management Plans. Our 
executive leaders, primarily our Chief Operating Officer 
executive team, oversee our system integrity by 
reviewing risk results and approving preventive and 
mitigative measures to be executed in the field. They 
then engage in annual planning and budgeting for all 
integrity activities. 
Williams maintains a Control Room Management Plan 
(CRMP) to ensure safe operations and mitigate human 
factor risks. We also utilize a SCADA (supervisory 
control and data acquisition) system to promote more 
effective remote control and pipeline monitoring. 
Controllers are responsible for monitoring and 
evaluating pipeline facilities and taking appropriate 
actions to ensure that system Maximum Allowable 
Operating Pressure (MAOP)/Maximum Operating 
Pressure (MOP) is not exceeded. They must 
proactively monitor their areas of responsibility and 
identify any signs or development of abnormal or 
emergency conditions. They respond to pipeline and 
compressor/pump station pressure alarms 24 hours a 
day, seven days a week. 
Governance & Oversight
Jeff King, Senior Operations Manager, and Michael Watkins,Training 
Specialist at the Transco Pipeline Station 145 in North Carolina.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
50
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

To promote the safe operation of assets and the health 
and safety of the controllers, our CRMP contains 
standard methods for assessing and managing 
controller workload, as well as identifying, mitigating and 
managing fatigue. The CRMP also includes measures 
that provide for effective controller response to alarms 
and establish controller understanding of the system 
they operate. Additionally, the CRMP provides a 
framework for training controllers and the teams they 
work closely with in operating the pipeline, and for 
identifying backup locations and systems in the unlikely 
event of an emergency where the primary control rooms 
and systems are not accessible.
In 2022, we underwent a third-party assessment of our 
PSMS implementation approach. This assessment 
affirmed our PSMS direction and provided valuable 
input to help drive our strategic planning and 
governance documentation processes. In addition, 
Williams’ employees conduct performance reviews and 
record audits of our integrity programs annually with 
external, third-party audits, conducted at least every 
three years. We also recently completed a third-party 
review of our in-line inspection (ILI) validation process 
and responded to recommended changes with updates 
to the associated procedures and forms. Updates 
included integrating all ILI validation requirements 
following the most recent API 1163 ILI standard.
Monitoring Regulatory Compliance
Williams takes action to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations related to our pipelines. We continually 
monitor regulatory changes and industry events to keep 
our IMPs and WIMS up to date. In 2022, Williams 
experienced no monetary losses as a result of fines or 
penalties due to enforcement associated with federal 
pipeline and storage safety regulations. In 2022, 
PHMSA issued a rule to mitigate risk to the environment 
and public safety through the installation of rupture-
mitigation valves in populated areas and setting 
minimum performance standards for those valves. 
Pipeline operators must be able to respond, shutoff and 
isolate the ruptured segment in less than 30 minutes. 
The rule also mandates new minimum valve spacing. In 
response, Williams is developing procedures to achieve 
full compliance with the ruling.
Williams also made updates to our IMPs following the 
implementation of Rule 3 of the PHMSA “Mega Rule,” 
which was published at the end of 2021 and 
implemented in May 2022. Rule 3, known as the Gas 
Gathering Rule, expanded federal pipeline safety 
oversight to more than 400,000 miles of pipeline across 
all operators. The rule established federal pipeline safety 
oversight on some previously unregulated gas gathering 
pipelines. New regulations in Rule 3 include 
requirements for public awareness, emergency 
response, damage prevention, incident notification and 
annual reporting. As a result of the rule, we revised 
numerous procedures and are now reporting based on 
the expanded scope as required. For more information 
on how we have updated our procedures to comply 
with the Mega Rule, including Rules 1 and 2, see our 
2022 Form 10-K.
Williams regularly engages with industry trade 
associations, including the Interstate Natural Gas 
Association of America (INGAA), American Petroleum 
Institute (API), Southern Gas Association (SGA), Liquids 
Energy Pipeline Association (formerly AOPL) and GPA 
Midstream (GPA), to evaluate new proposals for rules, 
regulations and standards and provide valuable 
feedback prior to implementation. We also engage 
directly with PHMSA leadership throughout the year, as 
well as the Pipeline Safety Trust, an independent 
nonprofit organization representing public interest.
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Williams continues to invest resources into cross-industry collaboration to improve pipeline 
integrity. Williams is a member of the Pipeline Research Council International’s (PRCI) 
Emerging Fuels Institute (EFI). EFI works to resolve the technical gaps that exist as the 
industry transitions to low-carbon energy solutions, while using existing pipeline asset 
infrastructure. Additionally, Williams is actively involved in PRCI’s Crack Management 
Strategic Research Program, which drives work related to crack susceptibility, inspection, 
assessment and remediation. We use this work to continuously improve Williams’ Crack 
Management Program and improve our safety performance. 
Also, Chad Zamarin, Williams’ Executive Vice President, Corporate Strategic Development, 
is an appointed member of the PHMSA Gas Pipeline Advisory Committee (GPAC), which is 
comprised of federal and state government members, industry experts and the public. 
GPAC reviews PHMSA’s proposed regulatory initiatives to assure the technical feasibility, 
reasonableness, cost-effectiveness and practicability of each proposal. The committee 
also evaluates the cost-benefit analysis and risk assessment information of the proposals.
Additionally, Williams participates in opportunities for industry pipeline safety collaboration, 
including Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, PRCI and applicable joint industry 
projects. Williams’ asset integrity team is regularly involved in the API working groups and 
standards development/revision teams. In 2022, Williams joined PSMS API Joint Industry 
team to improve joint industry learning and industry commitment to zero incidents.
Finally, through the Quantitative Risk Assessment Joint Industry Project, Williams is 
working with multiple other midstream operators to compare best practices for risk 
modeling. Project members will collaborate with PHMSA to communicate shared 
principles and build consensus around common practices and criteria.
Promoting Pipeline Safety Through 
Industry Collaboration
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
51
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Williams maintains incident notification and concern 
reporting procedures in the Williams Integrated 
Management System (WIMS) requirements. These 
procedures guide our notification and recordkeeping 
activities during potential or actual incidents. Williams 
manages all environmental and safety-related incidents 
through the Incident Management module within 
Incident Notification & Reporting Maximo, our Enterprise Asset Management system. 
Maximo is used to collect incident response data for 
nonevents, such as hazard identification; events with no 
negative consequences, such as near misses; and 
events with negative consequences, such as incidents. 
In early 2022, we refreshed our data collection 
procedures and risk severity criteria to better align with 
our industry and create a more robust incident database 
to drive learning and continuous improvement.
Spill & Release Performance
Williams implements rigorous operational requirements 
to uphold strong spill and release performance and 
remains committed to preventing spills and releases 
throughout our operations. In cases where we do not 
meet our commitments, we focus on reporting our 
data transparently. We prioritize the health of the 
environment and the safety of the communities we 
serve by continually improving our systems and 
procedures for spill and release management.
Williams has spill prevention and response plan 
operating requirements, for both onshore and offshore 
assets, in our WIMS procedures. These operating 
requirements include company-wide procedures for 
preventing spills and minimizing impacts to 
communities and ecosystems in the event of an 
incident. The requirements help determine when we 
use spill plans and how we continuously develop, 
implement and maintain effective plans. Our plans also 
address compliance with regulatory requirements for 
pollutant prevention at our owned and operated 
assets. If a spill occurs, we have processes and tools 
in place to control the spill and reduce its impact. We 
report spills to regulatory and community stakeholders, 
remediate resulting impacts, investigate root causes 
and subsequently improve program management and 
other controls to reduce the risk of future events.
Williams tests our spill response preparedness and 
capabilities through a comprehensive drill program that 
assesses Williams’ response to our designated 
“worst-case” discharges using real-time weather and 
conditions. We use a pre-determined scenario without 
informing the operations teams that engage in the drill. 
Our plans and drills facilitate Williams’ ability to protect 
sensitive local and coastal ecosystems and recover 
and properly manage discharged products.
Our preventive maintenance procedures are an integral 
component of our spill and release reduction efforts by 
keeping assets operating as intended. In addition, we 
use a safety and environmentally critical equipment 
checklist to designate critical equipment and prioritize 
preventive maintenance activities accordingly. We took 
this voluntary step in response to incidents experienced 
by other companies in the midstream sector. We work 
to implement best practices based on our own 
experiences, as well as those of our industry peers.
In addition to establishing preventive controls and 
mitigation practices for spills and releases in our 
management systems, we focus on improving spill 
and release performance within our operations. We 
have data collection initiatives in place to increase 
transparency of spill and release incidents from 
operations and project sites. This allows us to 
investigate more events and share lessons learned, 
resulting in improved procedures and reducing the 
likelihood of additional spills or releases. Williams set a 
goal in 2022 to reduce company-wide reportable spills 
and releases by 10% from the previous year and we 
will continue this goal in 2023. We also established a 
second goal in 2023 within the Project Execution 
group to reduce construction-related reportable spills 
and releases by 10% from 2022 performance. 
Chris Fedor, Operations Technician at the MacNew Compressor Station in Hop Bottom, Pennsylvania.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
52
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

In 2022, Williams recorded 90 total agency reportable 
spills and releases, experiencing a 12.5% increase 
from 2021, not meeting our goal of a 10% reduction in 
reportable spills and releases from 2021 performance. 
This increase was due to increased activity in states 
with low reporting thresholds. Our total spills included 
five agency reportable hydrocarbon spills over one 
barrel to soil and water, equaling 25 barrels of 
hydrocarbons in total. Williams had zero reportable 
hydrocarbon spills in unusually sensitive areas in 2022. 
Williams experienced 18 pipeline incidents reportable 
to PHMSA in 2022, 10 of which were significant as 
defined by the agency.
When constructing pipelines, Williams occasionally 
uses horizontal directional drilling (HDD), a trenchless 
construction method, to cross environmentally 
sensitive areas. To evaluate HDD feasibility and 
implement best practices, Williams employs HDD 
subject matter experts to oversee all aspects of the 
HDD project lifecycle. We also use industry best 
practices and standards when evaluating, designing 
and constructing HDDs on pipeline infrastructure 
projects. In 2022, Williams experienced only one 
reportable inadvertent drilling fluid release to 
environmentally sensitive areas during projects where 
we used the HDD construction method.
Loss of Primary Containment
Williams continues to place a high emphasis on Loss 
of Primary Containment (LOPC), which describes an 
unplanned or uncontrolled release of any material from 
primary containment. We have made LOPC 
performance a company-wide priority by including our 
LOPC reduction goal in our Annual Incentive Program. 
In 2022, the company experienced a 4% reduction in 
total LOPC events, which fell short of our target to 
reduce LOPC events by 10% by year end. To uphold 
our LOPC performance focus, we have renewed our 
Annual Incentive Program goal to reduce LOPC 
events by an additional 10% in 2023.
Our enterprise and franchise LOPC focus teams 
meet regularly to discuss LOPC performance, review 
incidents and investigations, and share lessons 
learned and successful strategies company-wide to 
reduce both total and high-severity LOPC events. 
We implemented work practices such as voluntary 
LDAR and regular maintenance of identified 
components, producing a direct line of site into 
equipment reliability and LOPC reductions. 
Additionally, Williams also implemented cost-
effective projects to minimize vibration and fatigue on 
rotating equipment. For more information on 
reducing emissions, please see Operational GHG 
Emissions and Non-GHG Air Emissions.
Williams’ Integrity Management Programs allow us to monitor, inspect and maintain our pipeline and facility systems 
using advanced risk modeling and analytics. Williams continually monitors pipelines for flow, pressure, temperature 
and other factors through our dedicated control centers, which include automated system response to potential leak 
conditions. Our Pipeline and Facility Risk Models include probability-based corrosion modeling, excavation damage 
trend data and pipeline control data, all providing leading indicators of pipeline safety events. These programs initiate 
mitigation methods including non-destructive inspections using technologies such as magnetic flux, ultrasonic and 
acoustic to monitor, measure and mitigate anomalies. We continuously improve on our Pipeline and Facility Risk 
Models to advance our understanding of threats. In 2022, we initiated a process to utilize field data on depth of 
cover in the Pipeline Risk Model to better assess risks of excavation damage. The use of all data within the Pipeline 
and Facility Risk Models allow for more meaningful discussions of risk mitigation options moving forward. 
See a detailed visualization of Williams’ Pipeline Integrity Program below.
Programs & Initiatives
Williams’ Pipeline Integrity Program
Aerial Inspection
and Patrol
24/7 System Monitoring
Underground
Weld X-Rays Smart Pigs In-Line Inspections Protective Coating and 
Pipeline Replacement
Valve Inspections, Leak Surveys
and Pipeline Marking
Pressure and
Temperature Sensors
Cleaning Pigs Prevent Corrosion
Metering station in New York City.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
53
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Aerial Monitoring Technologies
Williams uses unmanned aerial systems (UAS) for 
surveying and 3D modeling, facility and equipment 
inspections, construction monitoring and environmental 
compliance. Environmental compliance includes 
right-of-way inspections, vegetation growth and thermal 
imaging for leaks. As an added security measure, 
Williams also deploys UAS to monitor activities in our 
pipeline rights-of-way that may need investigation or 
response. Williams now employs 19 registered Federal 
Aviation Administration (FAA) Part 107 Remote Pilots and 
owns and operates more than 12 different UAS with 
sensors capable of photography, video, photogrammetry 
and thermal imaging.
We use LiDAR technology to monitor and respond to 
changing conditions in areas subject to landslides that 
could adversely affect pipelines. For example, in 2022, 
we used LiDAR to identify and restore landslide sites in 
southeastern Ohio and northern West Virginia. We 
remediated landslide sites to mitigate risks to pipeline 
integrity and to avoid long-term impacts to local streams 
and habitats. We also performed pipeline strain relief 
excavations and installed strain gauges on the exposed 
pipelines to monitor future pipeline movement. We plan 
to continue subsurface monitoring to detect future 
ground movement. 
In 2022, we delineated 186 landslides near operational 
pipelines and remediated 23 landslide sites in southeastern 
Ohio and northern West Virginia (i.e., the Ohio River Supply 
Hub). Our technical services group allocated $3.8 million to 
complete 10 landslide remediation projects to prevent 
pipeline integrity issues and avoid long-term impacts on 
local streams and habitats. 
Landslides are also remediated on newly installed 
pipelines by our Ohio River Supply Hub E&C group in 
order to satisfactorily close out construction permits. 
In 2022, we remediated 13 landslides on new 
pipeline rights-of-way as part of restoration. Lastly, 
we used the 2022 LiDAR to prepare a preliminary 
landslide remediation list for 2023. We anticipate 
approximately 20 landslides will be remediated in 
2023 for pipeline integrity, environmental 
preservation and landowner appeasement. 
In 2022, Williams implemented new solutions to 
improve our aerial leak detection, which were initially 
identified during a series of pilot projects conducted in 
2021. The solutions will provide more accurate 
identification of leaks, improve the efficiency of 
detection activities, elevate the effectiveness of leak 
mitigation techniques, and more effectively share 
results. Throughout our regulated pipeline systems, we 
complete aerial patrols more frequently than PHMSA’s 
minimum requirements as an added damage and leak 
prevention measure. For example, in 2022, Williams 
voluntarily performed a methane detection aerial 
survey in Southwest Wyoming. Through this survey, 
Williams identified a pipeline leak that was immediately 
addressed by the operations teams. Through this 
implementation, the team was able to see true value in 
performing aerial flyovers and, as a result, will be 
implementing them more often in the future. We also 
continue to evaluate drone technology for aerial leak 
surveys, including more continuous data gathering and 
migration into GIS for field follow-up.
Williams also performed top-down aerial flyovers of 
selected assets as part of our QMRV and NextGen 
Gas program to verify the completeness and accuracy 
of previous measurement programs, pursuant to 
OGMP 2.0 standards. Additionally, Williams 
announced a partnership and subscription to Orbital 
Sidekick, a satellite-based emissions monitoring 
service which will offer complete and frequent 
coverage of Williams’ assets with one of the highest 
resolution methane emissions satellite providers.
 Transco Pipeline in Virginia.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
54
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Facility Mechanical Integrity
Williams conducts assessments and visual inspections 
of facilities on a condition-based schedule using a 
corrosion-based analytical process, including special 
emphasis assessments at higher-risk areas. When we 
install new equipment, we perform inspections prior to 
startup or asset commissioning to create a mechanical 
integrity assessment baseline. We compile all historical 
design, inspection and testing information into a 
condition-monitoring database for accurate inspection 
and data analysis. Through this process, Williams 
identifies assets that require comprehensive engineering 
assessments for continued safe operations.
We continue to look for ways to strengthen our strategy 
around operational risk management. We follow an 
API-recommended approach to Corrosion Control 
Documentation (CCD), which identifies damage modes 
and profiles associated with design and operational 
conditions that pose various levels of operational risk. 
The CCD complements our use of Integrity Operating 
Windows to establish inspection plans for assets within 
processing facilities. We have also implemented a Risk 
Based Inspection (RBI) module in the Plant Condition 
Monitoring System to complement the CCD program. 
The RBI Program Charter is complete and under 
review, with implementation expected to begin in 2023.
Hard Spot Integrity Management
Hard spots, a known industry threat, were created by 
unintentional, localized quenching during the 
manufacturing process of older pipeline steel. Pipe 
containing hard spots can be susceptible to hydrogen 
induced cracking. The potential for hydrogen to exploit 
a hard spot and result in a crack is increased by 
damaged or degraded pipe coating and higher levels 
of cathodic protection. Williams will continue to 
investigate the potential existence of hard spots and 
management methods as we evaluate the potential to 
transport hydrogen in our pipeline system.
Williams has joined several industry initiatives, 
including through PRCI, to better understand the 
threat of hard spots, including the structural, 
environmental and operational conditions that can 
increase risk. The goal is to better understand the 
threat in the hopes of reducing the risk of future hard 
spot-related events. Specifically, Williams has updated 
our Pipeline Risk Model to include more thorough 
identification of pipeline sections with hard spot 
susceptibility, which has resulted in many new in-line 
inspections targeted at hard spot management. 
Williams has also initiated a cathodic protection review 
with the goal of reducing risks for hard spot-
susceptible assets.
use of new high-definition “ultra” tools that can identify 
smaller, pinhole-like corrosion and inspect for 
corrosion within the long seam weld of a pipeline.
In response to new regulations in U.S. 49 Code of 
Federal Regulations Part 192, which require operators 
to reconfirm their Maximum Allowable Operating 
Pressure (MAOP) when material and pressure test 
records are not available, Williams piloted our first 
Engineering Critical Assessment (ECA) project. The 
ECA project required the use of an ILI tool to establish 
populations of pipe with similar characteristics. After 
establishing populations of pipe, we compared them 
to Williams’ available material records. These records 
received previous evaluation to meet regulatory 
requirements known as “traceable, verifiable and 
complete” (TVC). Reconfirmation of MAOP is required 
in certain areas where records are not TVC. Use of an 
ECA method is beneficial in that it reduces the number 
of blowdowns required through hydrotesting and/or 
pipe replacement, which are other available methods. 
Williams is on track to complete work on all pipe 
segments subject to MAOP reconfirmation by the 
regulatory-required due dates. 
Pipeline Inspections & Corrosion Prevention
Williams adheres to integrity requirements and 
guidelines included in the Williams Integrated 
Management System (WIMS). WIMS outlines the 
company’s expectations for managing pipeline integrity 
quality assurance, data management and inspections.
To prevent corrosion, Williams runs cleaning pigs and 
uses in-line inspection tools for flow assurance and 
threat management, including threats such as internal 
and external corrosion. We coat all new pipelines with 
modern coating systems that act as the primary 
barrier to corrosion. We also use cathodic protection 
as a second line of defense to prevent corrosion. 
In 2022, our utilization of in-line inspection crawler 
technologies increased in lieu of hydrotesting to 
generate detailed data sets for segments that cannot 
support traditional pigging activities. Additionally, we 
increased our use of smart tools and cleaning 
instruments that can regulate their travel speed, which 
improves data gathering capabilities and reduces 
impacts to customers. In addition, we expanded our 
Northwest Pipeline located in Sumas, Washington.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
55
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Preventive Maintenance 
Our preventive maintenance plan is an integral part of 
our integrity efforts. We voluntarily use an equipment 
checklist to designate safety- and environmentally-
critical equipment and prioritize preventive maintenance 
activities around these designations. In 2022, we 
performed risk assessments and prevention mitigation 
reviews on all our assets, regardless of regulatory 
requirement. We continuously work to implement best 
practices based on our own experiences, as well as 
those of our industry peers.
In 2022, Williams partnered with a joint industry team 
to complete research on composite repair 
applications, which expanded our ability to use these 
applications on seam weld anomalies and crack-like 
defects. This allows us to reduce the number of 
cutouts when repairing anomalies, reducing the cost of 
repairs and the frequency of service outages to keep 
our assets operating as intended to safely and reliably 
deliver natural gas to our customers.
Hydrogen & Pipeline Integrity
Williams is taking part in many research projects 
studying the effects of hydrogen blending on the 
integrity of pipeline infrastructure. Williams is part of 
PRCI Emerging Fuels Initiative (EFI), a collaborative 
industry research project supporting future special 
projects such as the DNV joint industry project on 
measuring the effect of hydrogen and natural gas 
blending on the fracture toughness of vintage 
pipelines. Williams also is participating in a 
collaborative government and industry initiative called 
Hyblend-Pipeline Blending Cooperative Research and 
Development Agreement. This is a multi-year effort to 
study hydrogen’s effects on pipeline materials and 
existing infrastructure.
Alongside the nearly 33,000 miles of pipeline Williams 
operates reside communities who rely on us to deliver 
natural gas affordability, dependably and with the 
highest safety standards to protect their families and 
livelihoods. Public safety is integral to everything we do, 
particularly when operating in densely populated areas. 
This includes promoting awareness and education, 
Public Safety
GRI 3-3; SASB EM-MD-540a.4; SDG 8
Why This Matters to Williams
collaborating with local emergency response teams to 
build community resilience to potentially critical pipeline 
incidents and, finally, mitigating accidental damage 
caused by excavation, construction, farming and home 
maintenance. Our commitment is to be there to 
mitigate, prepare for and respond to public safety 
concerns across our national operations.
We are accountable to our stakeholders to prevent 
public safety events, prepare for various emergency 
scenarios and prevent harm and damage should a 
public safety risk manifest. The Williams Integrated 
Management System (WIMS) is how we communicate 
company-wide requirements for implementing required 
and supplemental pipeline and asset emergency 
response procedures. We annually review and update 
WIMS documents to remain abreast of evolving 
regulatory requirements and identify opportunities for 
continuous improvement. In addition, we align our 
Pipeline Safety Management System with API 
Recommended Practice 1173 and conduct periodic 
gap assessments and procedural enhancements.
Emergency Preparedness & Damage Prevention
Operating managers are responsible for establishing 
site-specific emergency plans at our facilities and 
pipeline areas, which contain public notification lists, 
evacuation procedures and operating requirements. 
We evaluate emergency plans at least annually. WIMS 
operationalizes our required safety processes and 
procedures throughout a project lifecycle, from land 
acquisition to decommissioning. 
Additionally, our organizational public safety guidelines 
direct local efforts, while our emergency management 
program leverages site-level takeaways from across 
our footprint to continuously improve upon our policies 
and procedures. 
Doug Schloegel, Maintenance Coordinator at the Transco 
Pipeline Station 610 in Millerville, Pennsylvania.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
56
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Williams also implemented SMARTPLAN™ in 2022. 
SMARTPLAN™ is a third-party platform that houses all 
Williams’ site-specific emergency plans, more than 
100 Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure 
(SPCC) plans and multiple Oil Spill Response Plans 
(OSRPs). Now, all site-specific plans are electronic and 
follow the same template, making updating plans and 
cross-referencing across sites easier. SMARTPLAN™ 
integrates with our Human Resources management 
platform and updates internal contacts weekly, 
minimizing the possibility of outdated contact 
information being listed on an emergency plan. 
Additionally, employees can now use a mobile 
application to access emergency plans, contact key 
personnel and view site maps.
Employees at our sites across the United States 
complete annual safety drills and training exercises to 
prepare for a diverse set of emergency scenarios, 
such as accidental releases and security incidents. All 
incident support managers must undergo Incident 
Command System (ICS) training, and operations 
teams complete ICS tabletop simulations. In total, 
Williams conducted 11 full-scale drills, 11 functional 
tabletop drills and 11 tabletop drills in 2022, each 
including multiple external agencies. Repeatedly, we 
see sites going beyond minimum compliance 
expectations to train employees on safety procedures. 
For example, the Cypress Division of our Eastern 
Interstates pipeline set a 2022 goal to train all their 
employees in basic ICS practices through in-person 
training events, which they achieved in July 2022.
To help integrate preparedness and response, Williams 
requires sites to conduct exercises with local 
emergency response agencies at least every three 
years. Therefore, it is crucial that all parties understand 
their role in the response. In addition to drills and 
tabletop exercises, our online portal hosts web-based 
training courses for emergency responders. In 2022, 
we incentivized participation in this free program by 
distributing three $1,000 donations to agencies drawn 
at random that completed the course. We also 
conduct first-responder outreach efforts that include 
in-person meetings, facility tours and informational 
mailers. In 2022, Williams sent more than 21,000 
mailers to emergency response agencies. 
Additionally, in 2022, Williams implemented changes in 
response to the new DOT Pipeline and Hazardous 
Material Safety Administration (PHMSA) Potential Valve 
Rupture Notification Rule, which requires pipeline 
operators to inform local emergency dispatch centers 
immediately anytime a sudden and unexplained loss of 
pressure is identified, regardless of whether a rupture 
or emergency has been confirmed. As part of our 
efforts, we mailed an informational letter to every 
dispatch center in our footprint and to the National 
Emergency Number Association (NENA) to inform their 
members if desired, which also invited discussion on 
how to adapt to the new rule. According to NENA and 
multiple dispatch centers, Williams was the only 
company to engage with them on the rule at the time. 
Similarly, we are evaluating process and data 
management modifications in anticipation of 
regulators’ potential adoption of the proposed API 
Recommended Practice 1185, intended to enable 
two-way stakeholder communication. 
If an emergency incident does occur, our operations 
managers are prepared to arrive at the incident site, 
notify appropriate emergency response officials and 
resolve the incident as soon as possible. Williams has 
implemented an operating requirement outlining the 
incident notification and reporting process. This 
process requires immediate telephonic notification to 
the Williams Security Operations Center and facilitates 
required notifications, documentation of incident 
details and process improvement review. We maintain 
updated notification lists and coordinate with local 
emergency response organizations to effectively 
communicate information to local communities. 
Following an incident, we conduct a full investigation 
to uncover the cause and prevent future occurrences. 
In addition, we employ a standard method for 
managing post-emergency response and remediation 
efforts at company sites. 
In 2022, Williams donated $666,618 to support 285 
first-responder organizations throughout our 
footprint. Additionally, we provide aid to employees 
and communities affected by natural disasters. For 
more information, please refer to the Community 
Investment section.
Rod Strother, Operations Technician at the Transco Pipeline Station 610 in Millerville, Pennsylvania.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
57
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

We engage community stakeholders in awareness and 
education efforts to effectively protect public safety and 
prevent damage. We enhance public awareness and 
knowledge of Williams’ assets through vigorous 
stakeholder engagement with landowners, occupants, 
farmers, businesses, schools, emergency officials, 
public officials, excavators and other interested parties. 
With oversight from Williams’ Public Awareness and 
Damage Prevention steering committee, our efforts 
integrate best practices from Common Ground Alliance, 
a member-driven association committed to preventing 
damage to underground infrastructure through initiatives 
like the national 811 “Call Before You Dig” number. 
Public Awareness
In alignment with API Recommended Practice 1162, 
Williams evaluates the effectiveness of our Public 
Awareness Program using the API Public Awareness 
Program Effectiveness Research Survey (PAPERS) 
program, which delivered our most recent four-year 
effectiveness measurement in 2022. PAPERS allows us 
to benchmark the performance of our practices against 
like-sized peers to drive continuous improvement. 
Third-party damage resulting from digging near 
pipelines without proper notification to Williams or an 
811 One-Call Center continues to pose a significant 
threat to our pipeline safety. 
By law, excavators are required to call 811 at least 
48–72 hours before digging (varies by state) before 
starting any digging project, which gives underground 
utilities enough time to mark their lines with temporary 
flags or spray paint. Our mitigating excavation-related 
safety measures, which align with or exceed industry 
best practices, enhance public safety and asset 
integrity. Williams sends an annual public awareness 
mailer to farming and ranching stakeholders located 
within 10 miles of our pipelines. We also use mailers to 
answer questions and provide important safety 
information to emergency response personnel in 
communities surrounding Williams’ three LNG storage 
facilities. We maintain a 24-hour control center, which 
uses one phone number nationwide, and always 
encourage individuals to call to report any abnormal 
conditions, suspicious activities or emergencies at 
Williams’ pipelines and facilities. 
Each year, we adjust our public awareness practices in 
response to stakeholder engagement and actions. For 
example, in response to an increase in unauthorized 
encroachments by logging operations in 2022, we 
developed a supplemental logging-specific brochure. 
We also added language to our mailers that addresses 
logging operations and the traversing of heavy 
equipment across pipeline easements and rights-of-
way, which will be implemented throughout 2023. 
Similarly, when our teams detected an increase in 
encroachments by new excavating companies 
— those that began operating after our annual 
excavator-specific mailers were sent — we established 
a biannual cadence for our stakeholder identification 
process for excavators and sent supplemental mailers. 
This halves the maximum time an excavating company 
can exist before receiving an educational mailer.
In addition to our standardized and supplemental 
mailer efforts, our teams conduct supplemental 
outreach activities with landowners, farmers, 
professional excavators and other stakeholders. In 
2022, we recorded a 37% increase in documented 
supplemental outreach activities compared to 2021, 
demonstrating enhanced outreach efforts by our 
teams. Employees document these interactions using 
Williams’ electronic form via a mobile application or 
web browser.
Our online damage prevention toolkit provides field 
personnel with tools, resources and technologies to 
identify and prevent line strikes. We regularly update 
the toolkit with new best practices, lessons learned 
and improved tools and technologies. Williams uses a 
dashboard that internally communicates trends in 
near-miss and line-strike data across the company 
and helps drive reporting consistency. 
We comply with all relevant DOT requirements, 
including an annual manual assessment of the 
alignment of our operating requirements with 
regulatory, technical or industry standard 
developments. Williams experienced one DOT 
reportable line strike caused by a third party in 2022. 
The incident occurred when a farmer struck a line 
while deep plowing without first calling 811. In 
response, we initiated a process to better assess risks 
of excavation damage by utilizing field data on depth 
of cover. The use of this data allows for more useful 
discussions of risk mitigation options moving forward. 
Additionally, we recorded another third-party incident 
where a truck crashed into a meter station. No injuries 
occurred as a result of either incident. 
Michael Post and Michael Pyskaty, New Jersey Operations Technicians marking pipelines.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
58
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Accidental pipeline strikes during excavation can pose danger to public safety and our assets. 
Thankfully, these strikes are preventable through proper notification by the excavating parties 
and enhanced public awareness of these procedures. In 2022, Williams undertook two pilot 
programs to prevent unauthorized encroachments and protect public safety and our assets.
Innovating for Public Safety & Awareness
In response to an increase in encroachments 
by parties who notified us properly but failed to 
have us be present during excavations, we 
implemented new, custom pipeline markers. 
These one square foot yellow vinyl flags sit 
atop brightly colored fiberglass stakes and are 
labeled with a warning and phone number for 
excavators to call to have a Williams 
representative join the job site. Piloted in four 
operational areas in Texas and North Carolina, 
these markers are unique in the industry today.
Program #1 
Our four-year Public Awareness Program 
effectiveness evaluation uncovered a correlation 
between lower stakeholder awareness scores 
and high incidents of unauthorized 
encroachments resulting in line strikes and near 
misses. To concentrate our supplemental efforts 
on the most impactful areas, Williams is piloting 
a targeted advertising campaign that utilizes 
geofencing technology. Geofencing marks a 
virtual boundary around a geographic area and 
triggers an alert to internet-connected devices 
within the area. We plan to operationalize this 
project in four states in April 2023.
Program #2 
Brian Halchak, Manager, Environmental Services and Nathan Weimer, Engineer 
along pipeline right of way in Pennsylvania.
59
Protecting People & Strengthening InfrastructureWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Our employees are the foundation of our company and 
the reason we continue to transport clean, affordable and 
reliable energy to millions of people across the country. 
Williams has a duty to our employees and contractors to 
establish the governance, practices and training 
necessary to protect personal safety. Proper workforce 
safety management is integral to business continuity, 
regulatory compliance and our reputation — but, above 
all, it aligns with our ethical standards of conduct.
With oversight from the environmental, health and 
safety committee of the board of directors, as well as 
endorsement by our executive management, our 
Environmental, Health and Safety Policy describes our 
commitment to integrate workforce safety into our 
Workforce Safety
GRI 3-3, 403-1, 403-2, 403-3, 403-4, 403-5, 403-7, 403-8, 403-9; SDG 8
Why This Matters to Williams
operations, promote awareness among our 
stakeholders and evaluate our performance for 
continuous improvement. This policy, our Safety 
Commitment and Pillars are the foundation of our 
safety culture and expectations for employees to keep 
themselves and others safe.
We implement our Environmental, Health and Safety 
Policy using the Williams Integrated Management 
System and manage safety risks company-wide 
through appropriate operating requirements, project 
standards and site-specific procedures. Our procedures 
align with Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration (OSHA) and PHMSA standards.
At Williams, safety is our highest priority. We are committed to Zero 
Incidents because we care about each other, our families and the 
communities where we live, work and serve our customers. We are 
committed to a safety culture that delivers top-tier safety performance 
through individual ownership, operational discipline, shared learning 
and prompt action.
Any employee or contractor who suspects a hazard, 
regardless of position or level of responsibility, has Stop 
Work Authority. At Williams, we champion proactive 
hazard identification and view Stop Work Authority as 
an obligation personnel must exercise to protect 
themselves, the people working beside them and the 
public. Williams prohibits reprisal against employees 
and contractors who exercise Stop Work Authority.
We evaluate the effectiveness of our workforce safety 
management and the strength of our culture using 
multiple industry-standard metrics. As a result, 
employee recordable injuries have declined by 31% 
since 2018. Our safety performance goal for 2023 is to 
achieve a 10% reduction in the employee recordable 
incident rate compared to 2022. 
Our ultimate objective will always be to eliminate 
incidents entirely. To achieve this goal, we must 
continue shifting our safety culture from reactive to 
proactive. In 2022, we began using the leading indicator 
of Behavioral Near Miss to Incident Ratio to supplement 
the traditional lagging indicator metrics used industry-
wide. This metric captures at-risk behaviors, which 
allows us to detect and mitigate hazardous scenarios 
before they manifest into incidents. We set a target of 
9:1, or nine at-risk behaviors identified for every one 
incident with an associated at-risk behavior, and we 
ended 2022 well above our target at 16.2 behavioral 
near misses per behavioral incident.
Our Safety Pillars
Care for Self 
and Others
Be Accountable Execute 
With Purpose
Build Our 
Learning Culture
Individual 
Commitment
Our Safety Commitment 
Katie Durcik, Maintenance Coordinator at the Transco Pipeline Station 610 in Millerville, Pennsylvania.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
60
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Williams expects every employee and contractor to 
report all hazards, incidents and near-misses related to 
personnel and process safety. In 2022, we refreshed 
our incident severity determination and investigation 
operating requirements to emphasize the importance of 
rigorously evaluating and communicating hazards, even 
those that do not escalate into safety events. 
Additionally, revisions now clearly delineate incident 
investigation requirements, which vary based on 
incident severity.
Williams compiles and regularly shares lessons 
learned from across the company to accelerate 
continuous improvement. We distribute all preliminary 
incident communications for high-potential-severity 
and high-actual-severity incidents to all employees 
within one week of the incident. Our health and 
safety focus team meets monthly to review and 
approve operating requirements or standard changes 
that could affect workforce safety. This cross-
functional committee includes managers, directors 
and three individual contributors.
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Our Safe Work Management operating requirement and accompanying mobile 
application help field employees practice operational discipline and hazard 
recognition when completing work permitting, work plans and job safety analyses. 
The industry-leading Safe Work application prompts a series of detailed questions 
that account for the steps needed to complete safe fieldwork planning, integrates 
safety plans related to the questions and electronically documents the process to 
streamline recordkeeping. In 2022, Williams completed more than 267,000 work 
permits through the Safe Work application, and we project that we will complete our 
one millionth total permit on the app in 2023. We integrate new capabilities and 
improvements as we receive employee feedback. In 2022, we integrated 52 changes 
into the program to reflect updates to our operating requirements, which include 
task-specific questions and training enhancements for electric work and gas 
detection processes.
Promoting Hazard Recognition
Employee Total Recordable Incident Rate
1.2
0.9
0.6
0.3
1.5
Rate per 200,000 Work Hours
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Not COVID-19 Related COVID-19 Related
0.85
0.55
1.05
0.64
1.23
0.62
0.02
0.85
0.55
0.82
0.23
0.73
0.50
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
61
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Process safety refers to the systems of management 
Williams undertakes to prevent uncontrolled, 
hazardous releases that threaten workforce safety, 
public safety, our assets, product delivery and the 
environment. We integrate layers of process safety 
controls and guidance throughout our operations, from 
setting our business strategy to operating our facilities 
so that we can continue to deliver safe and reliable 
energy. Williams manages our comprehensive set of 
process safety policies and standards through the 
Williams Integrated Management System (WIMS). Key 
policies include pre-startup safety reviews and hazard 
analysis requirements. 
Various regulatory requirements and industry standards 
set the baseline for our process safety goals. Our 
uniform approach to process safety reviews uses 
standardized management of change (MOC) and 
pre-startup review software, which thoroughly evaluates 
and tracks modifications to our assets. Additionally, we 
use a third party to conduct required Process Safety 
Management (PSM) and Risk Management Plan (RMP) 
audits across our PSM and RMP-regulated facilities. 
Although regulations do not require the use of a third 
party, this gives us an outside perspective on our 
performance so we can continue to keep our people 
safe and maintain regulatory compliance.
Williams’ process safety structure includes procedures 
and equipment to prevent the uncontrolled release of 
hydrocarbons and hazardous substances. In 2022, 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 process safety incidents increased by 
45%, with 45 events compared to 31 in 2021.[1] 
[1]  After further review of 2021 process safety incidents, one incident 
was miscalculated and misclassified as Tier 3. This incident was 
elevated to a Tier 2, based on release quantity, causing the total 
incidents to increase to 31 for 2021.
Although Williams has reduced process safety incidents 
by 40% since 2018, we did not meet our goal to reduce 
annual process safety incidents by 10% in 2022. To 
address this performance, Williams chartered a Process 
Safety Task Force, comprised of process safety, 
environmental, health and safety, technical services and 
asset reliability representatives, to drive improvements in 
our process safety culture and lower the frequency and 
severity of process safety incidents. Initiatives launched 
include procedural and tracking improvements to the 
Safety System Activation program and the creation of 
franchise-level Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) 
review committees. The committees are tasked with 
reviewing historical enterprise LOPC events to identify 
potential hazards in their area and share lessons 
learned. For information about Williams’ LOPC 
performance and additional asset-specific process 
safety controls, please refer to the Pipeline and Asset 
Integrity section. 
Robust data collection, performance evaluation and 
continuous improvement are vital to maintain effective 
process safety and pursue future improvement. Williams’ 
process safety group meets quarterly with operations and 
environmental, health and safety representatives to 
discuss successes and opportunities for improving our 
controls. These meetings also drive consistency in 
implementation across our organization and collaboration 
with internal and external stakeholder experts. Our senior 
leaders also regularly review the live performance data 
dashboard, which tracks process safety incidents and 
allows us to identify specific issues with equipment types 
and root causes from an enterprisewide level to individual 
assets. Additionally, we evaluate our management using 
an assurance process. Our teams often meet with a 
safety assurance group to identify, review and discuss 
solutions to remedy common gaps.
Williams employees undertake Process Safety 
Management Overview training, which reviews the 14 
elements of process safety, such as management of 
change (MOC), pre-startup safety review, operating 
procedures and mechanical integrity. Additionally, we 
distribute quick reference guides to help field staff 
Process Safety
more easily identify and accurately report accidental 
ignitions, safety system activations and high-potential 
process safety near-misses. As with all our workforce 
safety efforts, we emphasize proactive hazard and 
near-miss identification and reporting to mitigate 
incidents before they occur.
The 14 Elements of Process Safety Management
Employee Participation Mechanical Integrity
Process Safety Information Hot Work Permit
Process Hazard Analysis Management of Change
Operating Procedures Incident Investigation
Employee Training Emergency Planning and Response
Contractor Training Compliance Audits
Pre-Startup Safety Review Trade Secrets
1 8
2 9
3 10
11
12
13
14
4
5
6
7
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
62
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Williams engages with a diverse group of 
contractors, subcontractors and suppliers to support 
our pipelines and assets. We have a responsibility to 
foster a safe work environment for contractors. We 
also hold contractors accountable for meeting safety, 
performance and competency requirements, 
satisfying contractual requirements and following all 
applicable laws, regulations and industry standards. 
To facilitate this, we maintain close communication 
with contractor groups and support them with safety 
orientations describing our requirements and 
potential facility hazards. 
Our contractor safety management plan helps us 
pre-screen contractors, confirm compliance with 
safety guidelines and monitor performance. Our 
safety-grading process assesses contractors based 
on key performance indicators such as total 
recordable incident rate (TRIR), fatalities, citations, 
drug and alcohol program compliance and safety 
management system robustness. Contractors who do 
not meet our requirements must submit a Contractor 
Improvement Plan (CIP) detailing their path to 
compliance. Our environmental, health and safety 
specialists review CIPs, assign corrective actions and 
evaluate whether contractors demonstrate 
improvement against their CIP , which is required to 
continue business with us. In 2022 we improved our 
CIP process by creating an electronic portal where 
plans can be created, reviewed and approved by 
personnel and leaders. The new process also allows 
Contractor Safety
Williams personnel access to view plans created for 
contractors across the enterprise, which allows for 
more transparency regarding why contractors are 
selected. Additionally, we use third-party safety 
audits to confirm that contractors meet regulatory 
and contractual requirements. We closely monitor 
any identified action items and suspend relationships 
with contractors who fail to close all actions by a set 
due date, which we sustain until corrective actions 
are implemented.
To support compliance with our strict safety 
standards, we work collaboratively with contractors 
to advance safe practices and integrate contractors 
into our safety culture. We start each project with a 
site- and project-specific orientation for all 
contractors, where we review health and safety 
management plans. In addition, Williams uses a 
visitor log system to manage on-site registration and 
check the status of all contractors entering the site. In 
2022, we hosted our contractor safety symposium in 
Houston with the theme of “Leadership 
Accountability and Quality of Safety in the Field.”
To promote contractor and process safety, we 
collect and evaluate contractor safety metrics. We 
expect contractors to report all incidents and share 
lessons learned by completing incident 
investigations. In 2022, our contractor lost-time 
incident rate (LTIR) was 0.18, and the total 
recordable incident rate (TRIR) was 0.53.
Comprehensive and relevant safety training is critical to 
enable employees with the skills and mindset to protect 
themselves and others. Therefore, we require every 
employee to complete safety training, with a 2022 
completion rate of 98%. We develop unique training 
plans tailored to individual employees based on tasks 
they are expected to complete in their roles, as selected 
by their managers. After completing training, employees 
must complete written knowledge checks or 
performance evaluations to demonstrate proficiency. 
Safety Training Programs
Reinforcing our company-wide focus on proactive 
safety, our Hazard Recognition Focus program trains 
personnel to recognize and act upon workplace 
hazards before an incident occurs. In 2022, we 
supplemented this program with a journey of training 
events where employees can hone their hazard 
identification and awareness skills. We also developed 
improvements to our Shifting Gears awards program in 
2022, which recognizes and celebrates eleven 
employees each month who display leadership in 
identifying and mitigating workplace hazards. These 
changes will be implemented in 2023.
Kevin Yuill, Supervisor of Operations in Brooklyn, New York.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
63
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Life Critical Safety 
Williams’ safety culture permeates into every 
decision our field employees make, including how 
we evaluate hazards, approach new situations, 
report concerns and view our role within the 
organization. Therefore, we must understand and 
regularly reassess the robustness of our safety 
culture. The Life Critical Field Improvement program 
is how Williams engages with field employees to 
survey, train and implement procedures. 
A key part of the program is Life Critical Safety Culture 
Assessments which we perform at each of our 18 
regional franchises across our two operating areas. 
These assessments cover two primary components: 1.) 
procedure operational discipline reviews, which 
evaluate how well a franchise is performing in measures 
like lockout/tagout, and 2.) employee conversations, 
which are conducted by a third party. Through the 
employee conversations, the third-party evaluates the 
franchise safety culture across 25 factors within three 
drivers: leadership, behavior and competency. 
Following each baseline assessment, a reassessment 
is performed within 18 months to track our safety 
culture evolution and address any regional variation.
Our employee participation across franchises is high, 
with approximately 80% of employees taking part in 
conversations with the third-party provider. Since the 
program launch in 2019, we have completed 18 
baseline assessments and eight reassessments. We 
finalized all baseline assessments in 2022 except for 
one, which was postponed to effectively account for 
leadership changes, and we plan to conduct 
reassessments in 2023 and 2024.
Williams focuses on improving hazard recognition in the 
field through our Life Critical Safety program. We 
continue to expand the on-the-job training and 
feedback portion of this program, allowing leaders to 
discuss life-critical processes with employees while 
they perform the task in real-time. This enables 
employees to raise questions or express concerns 
immediately. We developed a Life Critical Field 
Engagement Operating Guideline to integrate this effort 
across the company, which includes a mobile 
application, currently in development, where leaders 
can use prepared questions for on-the-job 
conversations on various life-critical processes.
Williams field personnel routinely operate motor 
vehicles when visiting sites and inspecting pipelines. 
Therefore, we have a responsibility to keep our 
workforce and the public safe by preventing motor 
vehicle accidents through robust training, reporting 
and monitoring. We evaluate and require personnel to 
report all major and minor incidents.
Our goal is to achieve zero motor vehicle accidents 
annually. To achieve this, we maintain a driver safety 
training program and install telematics units in all 
vehicles to collect metrics on acceleration, cornering, 
speeding and braking. We share this data with 
employee leaders and work collaboratively with 
employees to improve their driving safety behaviors.
We aim to protect employees from potential accidents 
by performing regular equipment updates and 
engineering controls. While the total rate of motor 
vehicle incidents increased in 2022, we achieved a 
35% reduction in total vehicle claims costs, indicating 
Motor Vehicle Safety
that the overall severity of incidents continues to 
improve. In 2022, our preventable motor vehicle 
accident rate was 1.89, a 13% increase from 2021.
We have found the greatest opportunity for 
improvement is reducing low-severity vehicle incidents, 
such as hitting stationary objects at low speeds. These 
incidents pose a lesser risk to workforce safety but 
can cause damage to our assets and vehicles. We 
continue to advance administrative controls such as 
training and monitoring. Still, we have shifted our focus 
to engineering controls such as using smaller vehicles 
when possible, redesigning parking lots and improving 
lighting. In 2022, we designed a preventable motor 
vehicle accident reduction program to evaluate a 
variety of administrative and engineering controls, 
including parking lot design, vehicle selection 
processes, curbing, speed bumps, driving plans and 
signage, bollard extenders and a 360-degree walk-
around program. The Cypress Division of our Eastern 
Interstates pipeline will pilot this program in 2023.
Williams vehicle near Fort Worth, Texas.
Damon Filer, Operations Technician at the Cotton Belt 
Compressor Station in Fort Worth, Texas.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
64
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Workforce Health & Well-Being
GRI 403-3, 403-6; SDG 3
At Williams, we are dedicated to promoting employee 
mental, physical and emotional well-being. Our 
employees are the reason that we can be there to 
provide safe, affordable and reliable natural gas every 
day, so it is critical that they feel supported and healthy 
in and outside of work. We offer comprehensive medical 
plans, disease management programs and wellness 
coaching to all full-time and most part-time employees 
across our footprint. We also offer special leave and 
flexible work arrangements to encourage a healthy 
work-life balance for many employee groups. We are 
committed to improving our practices and benefits to 
support our world-class workforce.
Our Total Rewards benefits package offers multiple 
programs that promote workforce health and well-
being. The Williams Way to Wellness program rewards 
employees and their eligible spouses or domestic 
partners for participating in holistic wellness-focused 
activities, from physical activity to mental health 
awareness and financial planning. A highlight of our 
offering is the Real Appeal weight-loss program, which 
fosters science-based healthy habits and is available 
at no extra cost to employees and their families 
through their health insurance plans. Our programs are 
activity-based; employees do not have to achieve any 
specific outcome to earn incentives. Rather, we 
encourage employees to try a variety of wellness 
activities, physical and non-physical, in pursuit of 
long-term positive behavioral changes.
In 2022, 21% of our employees took part in annual 
biometric screenings and wellness assessments. 
Williams offers these services at many facilities to help 
employees check their physical health and identify 
potential medical risks early. For those who cannot 
participate on-site, our health insurance plan generally 
includes preventive screenings at no cost to plan 
participants. We offer incentives to encourage 
participation in these screenings that empower 
employees to address their wellness. To preserve the 
confidentiality of personal health information gathered 
during wellness screenings, any employee who works 
with personal health information is required to 
complete HIPAA training upon hire and periodic 
refresher training.
Williams takes care to listen to and understand 
employee health and well-being priorities by evaluating 
program participation and feedback. In recent years, 
we enhanced our mental health support by increasing 
the availability of contracted mental health services for 
our employees. We also offer therapy benefits that 
include telehealth and office-based options.
We provide six weeks of paid parental leave for both 
birth and non-birth parents. In 2023, enhancements to 
flexibility include allowing employees to take leave in 
one-week increments over a 12-month period to 
provide our employees the ability to choose how best 
to participate in this benefit. Also in 2023, we will add 
foster care placement as an eligible event for which 
employees can use parental leave. 
Additionally, we offer access to designated lactation 
facilities. For more information on our benefits, please 
refer to the Employee Attraction, Retention and 
Development section.
The workforce health impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic decreased in 2022, allowing Williams to 
return to the in-person connection that drives our 
operations and culture. Still, we continue to monitor 
ongoing threats to public health and implement 
lessons-learned regarding administrative, engineering 
and substitution controls that safeguard employee 
health. Our central emergency response team, 
corporate support team and Emergency Operations 
Center coordinated our response to workplace 
COVID-19 exposures, symptoms and cases using 
CDC guidance. Even as reported cases of COVID-19 
diminish, we continue to practice our successful 
workforce business continuity procedures to build 
system resiliency against future disruptions.
Pennsylvania employees Barry Mahar, Environmental Specialist, Sue Connor, Inventory Coordinator and Mark Machalek, 
Liaison Project Manager.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
65
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

As an energy infrastructure provider that supplies 
natural gas to some of the largest population and 
economic centers in the U.S., it is critical for us to 
protect our operations against cyberattacks and loss 
of business-critical information. Cybersecurity threats 
pose physical, financial and reputational risks to our 
business and to national security. 
Cybersecurity
GRI 3-3
Why This Matters to Williams
Governance
Williams understands the importance of managing the 
integrity of our system. In collaboration with industry 
and government stakeholders, we are leading the 
industry in creating and implementing cybersecurity 
resilience measures across our footprint so that we 
may continue to transport the natural gas end users 
need to run their businesses and heat their homes.
Each member of our organization, from facility 
operators to board members, has a responsibility to 
safeguard Williams’ cybersecurity. We present a 
quarterly cybersecurity report to the entire board, 
which retains responsibility for overall cybersecurity 
policy and strategy oversight. Made official through the 
2022 committee charter revisions, the audit committee 
has oversight responsibility for cybersecurity risk 
management protocol implementation, effectiveness 
evaluation and response to breaches or cyberattacks. 
Our Chief Information Security Officer is responsible for 
our cybersecurity strategy and execution, while our 
executive-level steering committee provides additional 
oversight for Williams’ cybersecurity initiatives, such as 
improving cybersecurity reporting metrics and driving 
implementation across the business.
At the management level, our cyber-risk and cyber-
operations teams oversee cybersecurity issues. The 
cyber-risk team specializes in establishing strong 
governance practices, conducting risk assessments 
and facilitating regulatory compliance. The cyber-
operations team puts our policies into practice, with 
responsibilities such as access fulfillment, technical 
security control management, security event 
monitoring, security standards development and 
incident response. 
Our teams coordinate their actions in alignment with 
our three-year cybersecurity roadmap, refreshed in 
2021, and track their effectiveness using our internal 
security operations reporting matrix. In 2022, we 
refreshed our cybersecurity roadmap to incorporate 
our approach to the updated Transportation 
Security Administration (TSA) Directive 
requirements. In 2023, we plan to conduct an 
in-depth roadmap review to account for ever-
evolving benchmarks. During this process, we will 
revisit our IT and cybersecurity maturity metrics to 
evaluate metric selection and communication. 
 Michael Mullin, Operations Technician at the Transco Pipeline Station 240 in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
66
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Williams is at the forefront of public-private efforts to enhance the cybersecurity of 
our nation’s pipelines and other critical infrastructure. In 2022, our President and 
CEO, Alan Armstrong, met with President Biden to discuss energy cybersecurity and 
served as chair of a CEO task force for the National Security Council’s Industrial 
Control Systems 100-Day Action Plan for natural gas pipelines. Williams engages 
with government stakeholders on infrastructure and national security via the Oil and 
Natural Gas Subsector Coordinating Council, of which our Chief Information Security 
Officer is the current chair. Through this role, Williams facilitates conversations 
relating to intelligence sharing, national critical infrastructure cybersecurity goals and 
strategy, identifying future opportunities for collaboration and advising on potential 
regulations and policies. He also chairs INGAA’s Security subcommittee.
Leading the Way in Cybersecurity
The amount of collaboration across the 
industry responding to the challenges of 
cybersecurity has never been stronger. 
The same can be said when it comes to 
Williams’ engagement with government 
agencies, law enforcement and 
legislators at the local, state and national 
levels as we work together toward the 
common goal of protecting our nation’s 
critical infrastructure.
JARED DESHIELDS, CHIEF INFORMATION SECURITY OFFICER
“
”
Williams uses a strategic, risk-based approach including 
constant monitoring and threat detection to protect our 
facilities and technologies. In 2022, our cybersecurity 
teams focused on aligning with the TSA Security 
Directive reissuance for oil and natural gas pipeline 
cybersecurity. The directive requires companies to 
establish Cybersecurity Implementation Plans (CIPs) 
and focuses on evaluating companies using 
performance-based measures. Williams completed our 
CIP on time and received TSA approval. Additionally, 
throughout 2022, we implemented smaller 
enhancement and maintenance initiatives needed to 
uphold system-wide resilience. Many efforts 
concentrated on mitigating additional risks introduced 
through remote and hybrid working arrangements. 
After implementing our industrial control systems 
cybersecurity program in 2021, we shifted into a phase 
of security monitoring and continuous improvement 
during 2022. This program, built from an innovative 
executive-level steering committee vision, secures our 
Monitoring & Mitigation
technology-based operational assets to prevent 
transmission disruptions due to cybersecurity threats. 
Implementing and enhancing this program is a 
company-wide effort that requires cross-functional 
coordination, upskilling to apply best practices and 
accountability through regular reports to leadership.
Our cybersecurity hardening team is responsible for 
identifying and remediating system vulnerabilities. In 
2022, we implemented several measures to heighten 
overall security. For example, we enhanced our listing 
capabilities, deployed additional firewalls, enhanced our 
Identity and Access Management system, established 
an Insider Threat program and rolled out multi-factor 
authentication to all systems. Additionally, artificial 
intelligence (AI) is a rapidly growing area of opportunity 
for cybersecurity. Over the last few years, Williams 
incorporated AI threat hunting tools, which continue to 
improve as we learn about the environment and 
evolving cyber threats.
Fort Lupton Cryogenic Facility near Fort Lupton, Colorado.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
67
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Keeping detailed cybersecurity metrics, setting 
performance targets and evaluating performance over 
time are vital to identifying areas for improvement and 
communicating progress to our stakeholders. In 
2022, we enhanced our log management solution 
and improved the data collection and reporting 
processes used to maintain Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
certification. Our executive-level steering committee 
oversees our cybersecurity metrics, and we plan to 
reevaluate our use of metrics during our 2023 
cybersecurity roadmap reevaluation. 
We conduct regular internal audits and IT risk strategy 
sessions to assess cybersecurity threats and respond 
accordingly. To complement this effort, Williams 
contracts with a third party to evaluate risks within 
our corporate and operations networks. In 2022, we 
simulated an Operational Readiness Drill to evaluate 
Performance
All Williams employees, contractors and vendors 
complete baseline cybersecurity and data privacy 
training. Additionally, we deploy simulated phishing 
emails regularly for employees to practice identifying 
and responding to email attacks. We diligently train 
employees since attackers often use phishing 
attacks to target organizations, and employees 
who repeatedly fail phishing simulations receive 
supplementary training.
Williams supplements training programs with 
awareness initiatives such as posters, presentations, 
newsletters and events. In 2022, 97% of employees 
completed cybersecurity training. Each October, 
Williams hosts a company-wide cyber awareness 
event to recognize National Cybersecurity Awareness 
Cybersecurity Training
Poster to educate employees on cybersecurity.
Williams’ ability to continue transporting products in 
the event of a cybersecurity attack. The drill was 
executed successfully, and we are pleased with our 
employees’ ability to effectively activate site-specific 
operating procedures and facilitate open 
communication lines during the event. 
In 2022, Williams engaged two independent assessors 
to validate our internal cybersecurity controls and 
incident response program. We received positive 
feedback on the integrity of our cybersecurity 
framework; however, we recognize there is always 
work to do to maintain resilience against the ever-
evolving landscape of online threats. Therefore, we 
implement enhancement measures identified during 
these assessments on an ongoing basis and 
incorporate learning into our cybersecurity roadmap. 
Month. Internally, we use this time for engaging 
in-person events that inform employees about the 
different types of cybersecurity risks, including an 
escape room that simulated a social attack. In 2022, 
we launched our Operation Secure campaign through 
a series of articles and informational posters, which 
focused on heightening awareness of TSA 
cybersecurity compliance and other cybersecurity-
related issues.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
68
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Building an 
Empowered 
Workforce
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Company Overview Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy Minimizing Our Footprint Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure Building an Empowered Workforce Strengthening Communities About This Report
For more than a century, we have built a reputation as a 
responsible and dependable business that looks out for our 
employees. Williams is committed to uplifting our workforce 
and promoting diversity and inclusion — within our 
organization and beyond.
Samantha Knash, Engineer in Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
69Building An Empowered WorkforceWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

Employee Attraction, 
Retention & Development
GRI 3-3, 401-2, 401-3, 404-1, 404-2, 404-3; SDG 10
Why This Matters to Williams
Our business relies on skilled, dedicated and 
innovative talent in field operations and support 
functions to deliver natural gas and harness the 
opportunities for business transformation and growth 
in a dynamic industry. To that end, effective employee 
attraction, retention and development are essential to 
staying competitive. We must demonstrate to current 
and prospective employees that Williams presents a 
unique opportunity to shape the trajectory of the 
global energy economy. Additionally, developing our 
talent through impactful training and a strong 
company culture attracts new employees and helps 
our people feel fulfilled, which enables them to 
achieve their goals both personally and professionally.
Williams uses various recruiting strategies and 
platforms to attract the industry’s brightest minds. In 
addition to our Careers site and other digital platforms, 
we leverage external job boards and community 
events to target candidates with specific skill sets and 
backgrounds. Additionally, we attend career fairs and 
university programs to reach early career candidates. 
We also offer a Talent Scout incentive program to 
broaden Williams’ candidate pool through employee 
referrals. These strategies enable us to attract top 
talent, at both early- and mid-career levels, to advance 
goals that include fueling a cleaner energy future.
Williams uses a masked candidate screening process 
in our human resources system to ensure an inclusive 
hiring process. This process encourages reviewers to 
focus only on job-relevant attributes by masking 
potentially biasing information, such as name and 
graduation year, to minimize unconscious bias in 
candidate assessment. Additionally, we include diversity 
and inclusion-focused questions in our interview guides, 
provide our hiring managers with inclusivity training and 
utilize Textio, a writing augmentation platform, to help 
identify hidden biases in job descriptions and 
communications. In 2022, we completed our multi-year 
process of rewriting over 500 historic job descriptions 
using Textio. These inclusive processes help remove 
potential biases and enhance our ability to hire the best 
talent across the company.
Employee Attraction
Williams partners with universities and technical 
schools in the U.S. to recruit for entry-level 
opportunities and paid internships. In 2022, we 
developed and implemented an early career technical 
school recruiting program and strategy, 
establishing formal partnerships with 18 technical 
schools and community colleges across our footprint. 
This program creates more strategic and consistent 
relationships with our school partners to attract 
talented students with desired skill sets, with a focus 
on reaching underrepresented populations. As part of 
the program, we plan to award scholarships to high 
school students dual-enrolled in a technical school, 
recent high school graduates entering a partner school 
and current technical school students in specific 
in-demand disciplines. 
In 2022, we established a strong relationship at North 
Carolina A&T State, a Historical Black College and 
University (HBCU), and continue with our recruiting 
efforts. By partnering with their career services 
program and the College of Engineering, we recruited 
one full-time engineering rotational hire and one 
engineering summer intern. In total, we welcomed 44 
summer interns from schools across the country in 
2022. This effort aligns with our university recruiting 
program, which ensures we build a strategic and 
diverse talent pipeline based on the needs of our 
business. Through this program, we now have student 
campus champions from our intern pool to help with 
recruiting on campus. 
We continue to partner with Genesys Works, an 
organization that provides career pathways for high 
school students in underserved communities. These 
students gain tools for success as they develop 
meaningful relationships with Williams mentors and 
learn professional skills to work in a corporate 
environment. Since 2011, 101 high school students 
have interned at Williams through this program, with 
99% receiving college acceptance and approximately 
92% attending post-secondary education.
Veterans gain exceptional experience and rigorous 
technical training through the military, making them 
ideal candidates for positions at Williams. These skills 
align with our need for adaptability, quick learning, 
accountability and effective project execution. We 
recruit military veterans for all positions at all career 
levels through virtual career fairs, targeted social media 
campaigns, virtual information sessions and direct 
partnerships. In 2022, more than 8% of Williams 
employees were veterans. Williams’ Military Leave 
program offers paid leave which offsets the difference 
between their Williams base pay and their military pay 
for up to 2,080 hours, as well as continuous benefits 
coverage for up to 12 months of military leave.
Summer interns in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
70
Building An Empowered Workforce

Retaining talent has never been more critical as our 
industry evolves and requires new skills and 
knowledge, and the U.S. workforce continues through 
a tumultuous period overall. We take pride in our 
culture of high-performance and low turnover rate, 
highlighting the importance of investing in our people 
to reach their full potential. We employ approximately 
5,000 people across the U.S. and strive to create a 
safe, inclusive workplace where every employee feels 
valued, heard and engaged. We support our 
employees in their professional and personal lives, 
finding that the support for our employees is reflected 
in their contributions toward our business success. 
Additionally, Williams’ strategic transactions often 
result in new employees being welcomed into the 
company through acquisitions. For example, in early 
2023, more than 250 new employees joined Williams 
through our acquisition of MountainWest Pipeline. 
Successfully integrating new employees supports their 
personal success and helps maximize the benefits of 
our strategic growth efforts.
In 2022, Williams had an overall voluntary turnover rate 
of 7.8% and a 98% retention rate for employees who 
took paid parental leave. These numbers result from 
our retention efforts, including professional 
development opportunities and a leading benefits 
package. Additionally, in recognition of our employees’ 
need for improved work-life flexibility, our benefits 
include hybrid-remote work arrangements.
To evaluate and continuously improve our approach to 
employee engagement, we conduct regular employee 
surveys to understand their perception of Williams’ 
strengths and opportunities. Our enterprise survey, 
Voice of Williams, collects employee feedback on 
various topics, such as trust, career development, 
leadership quality, D&I and team dynamics. In 2022, 
we focused on implementing action plans to address 
feedback gathered during the 2021 survey cycle. Our 
enterprisewide efforts concentrated on organizational 
decision making, career opportunities, diversity and 
inclusion and organizational effectiveness. We 
continue to enhance our employee listening strategy, 
and in 2023 we are piloting an enhanced engagement 
survey approach that includes not only Voice of 
Williams but also more frequent smaller pulse surveys.
We encourage employees to engage in open 
professional development dialogue through regular 
one-on-one meetings with supervisors and formal 
performance reviews. We measure performance by 
attaining annual business goals, operational and 
functional area strategies and personal development 
plans. Additionally, we evaluate observable skills and 
behaviors based on our defined competencies that 
contribute to workplace effectiveness and career 
success. In 2022, 100% of employees went through a 
performance assessment and 14.9% of employees 
received a promotion. We filled 38% of all open 
positions from within, including 89% of leadership 
positions. Our human resources system supports 
internal promotion by allowing employees to view and 
apply to all currently posted requisitions.
Employee Retention
Williams provides eligible employees with a 
comprehensive Total Rewards program to protect 
current and future physical, emotional and financial 
health. In addition to a base salary, our program 
includes an Annual Incentive Program (AIP), multiple 
discipline-specific awards and bonuses and a range 
of retirement, medical, wellness and other benefits. 
To demonstrate our long-term commitment to our 
employees, we continue improving our benefits 
program, which has been assessed by a third party 
and proven to exceed our industry segment and 
entire industry benchmarks. More than 97% of 
Williams employees saved for retirement through our 
401(k) plan. Whether or not they contribute to the 
Williams 401(k) plan, all employees receive company-
paid retirement benefits. For information regarding 
our health and well-being benefits, please refer to the 
Workforce Health and Well-Being section. For details 
regarding our AIP , please refer to the Sustainability 
Governance section.
In 2022, Williams began allowing employees to carry 
over 80 hours of accrued paid time off into the new 
year, twice the previous limit of 40 hours. We also 
benchmarked current pay practices, focusing on our 
non-exempt employees, to keep Williams aligned 
with industry standards. As a result of this 
assessment, we increased the pay differential for 
night shift employees by 50% and increased holiday 
pay from 1.5x to 2x base pay for non-exempt 
employees who work on holidays. 
We believe that giving our employees a stake in our 
company motivates them to take ownership of our 
success and seek opportunities to strengthen our 
business. Therefore, we provide an employee stock 
purchase plan for non-executive employees to 
purchase company stock at a 15% discount. In 
2022, 42% of eligible employees chose to participate 
in the program.
Perrin Boone, Director, Commercial Development and Paulina Hoyos, Senior Project Manager in the Pittsburgh, 
Pennsylvania office.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
71
Building An Empowered Workforce

Employee Development
Williams offers robust corporate and technical training 
programs to support our employees’ professional 
development and our long-term business value. Our 
Employee Development Council, a cross-functional 
and multi-career level advisory board, advocates for 
employee development initiatives. This council 
partners with human resources to understand the 
needs of our business and champion the following 
learning culture statement: At Williams, our ability to 
continuously learn, and transform that learning into 
action, drives results that give us the ultimate 
competitive advantage. Our learning culture 
encourages self-development to drive growth and 
employee engagement by leveraging internal and 
external expertise.
We offer training, professional development and 
upskilling opportunities that reflect an employee’s 
position, specific responsibilities and the local 
regulatory environment. In 2022, we began 
implementing career development programs designed 
specifically for various operations technicians career 
paths and out of the 80 learning programs we 
designed in 2021, we published 30 and look forward 
to continuing this implementation effort in 2023. Due 
to this effort, 99% of area technical paths now have 
career development content available.
2022 Employee Training
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total corporate and technical training hours 
Corporate and technical training hours completed per employee
Total corporate and technical training
hours completed by employees
Corporate and technical training
hours completed per employee
50 250,000
40 200,000
30 150,000
20 100,000
10 50,000
172,000
32
175,000
37
174,000
37 232,000
48
181,243
37
Our four established development programs enable 
employees to achieve success in current and future 
roles by providing tools and resources to enhance their 
skillset. New Employee Experience is a self-led learning 
program launched to new hires upon their first day of 
employment, focusing on the tactical knowledge of the 
company and general skills needed to succeed within 
their first 90 days in role. Employee Essentials is a 
self-led learning program available to all employees, 
expanding the foundational knowledge and skills 
learned in New Employee Experience in our business & 
general career development. In addition, Exploring 
Leadership is a learning opportunity for individual 
contributors to assess and develop their own formal 
and informal leadership capability. In 2022, we 
reformatted this program to focus more on assessment 
of capabilities, expanded the scope to include formal 
and informal leadership development and improved 
learning application of content. Lastly, Leader Essentials 
is a formal development program focused on baseline 
leadership fundamentals, required of all new formal 
leaders at Williams, enrolled as they transition to their 
new role. This past year, we redesigned this program to 
include live content offerings and allowed formal leaders 
more flexibility while still providing them the content 
needed to be successful. 
In 2022, we implemented two new competencies into 
our annual performance reviews for all leaders: Builds 
Effective Teams and Values Differences. By formally 
evaluating performance regarding these key skills, we 
seek to inspire leadership accountability for creating an 
inclusive team culture and harnessing development 
opportunities. Ratings on these new competencies are 
included in annual bonus payout calculations. To 
enhance these competencies, we hosted leader 
development panel discussions, applied activities and 
formal trainings.
Williams implemented several additional improvements 
to our employee development programs based on 
feedback gathered from our employee engagement 
survey. For example, we introduced a gigs program 
though our human capital management system, where 
managers can publicize resourcing requests 
enterprisewide to source support outside of previously-
known talent. This opens up development opportunities 
for employees who want to find new ways to contribute. 
Our gig adoption has outpaced projections based on 
usage in other organizations, with 154 participants in 
2022, and we look forward to the expanded use of this 
capability in 2023. We also created Learning 
Launchpads, resources that provide focused, practical 
guidance on development topics, such as the value of 
diversity and inclusion.
Mia Parker, HR Systems Consultant at the Community 
Food Bank during the Williams Volunteer Week.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
72
Building An Empowered Workforce

To enhance competitiveness and harness our 
infrastructure to support a more sustainable energy 
future, we must ensure we are tapping and engaging 
the brightest and broadest talent pool that also reflects 
the diversity of the communities in which we work. We 
believe that attracting an employee base with a 
diversity of thought, experiences, skills and identities 
drives innovation and collaboration, fuels employee 
Diversity & Inclusion
GRI 3-3, 405-1; SDG 5, 10
Why This Matters to Williams
engagement and enhances our ability to solve unique 
problems. In alignment with our Core Values, our 
employees, community members and other stakeholders 
deserve to be treated with fairness, mutual respect, 
honesty and transparency. Furthermore, Williams must 
also be transparent regarding our D&I approach to 
meeting employee and external stakeholder expectations 
for employer conduct.
We formally enhanced our Talent Review strategy in 
2022, alternating between assessing talent and applying 
that assessment data to aid employee development. 
Using the data, we implemented a new Guiding Talent 
Development leader training as part of our ongoing 
strategy to expand leader capabilities and support the 
meaningful, targeted development of our key talent 
throughout the enterprise. In its first year, 77% of leaders 
participated in the live, facilitated training and learned 
about the fundamentals of supporting career 
development for their teams. Williams also introduced a 
new “Building our Bench” internal information series that 
provides information about current development 
opportunities to help highlight internal mobility. In 2023, 
we plan to develop talent analytics dashboards to further 
assist in career development.
Beyond implementing new career development 
programs, we have continued several cornerstone 
offerings, such as our early career development 
program. This program enables post-undergraduate 
employees to participate in an intensive, three-year 
rotational or non-rotational program to build technical 
expertise at Williams. Over the past five years, 31% of 
our early career program participants were from 
underrepresented races and ethnicities, and 37% 
were female, helping us build a diverse pipeline of 
future talent. Our early career program is just one 
avenue to help us increase the representation of 
diverse employees.
We also offer a Safety Leadership training program to 
bring our safety commitment to life. This interactive and 
personalized course, offered to Williams leadership, 
demonstrates the importance of leading by example 
and modeling safety behaviors and practices. 
Specifically, the program provides executive leaders 
and directors an opportunity to gain the knowledge and 
skills necessary to create and effectively deliver a safety 
leadership message and incorporate meaningful safety 
conversations in all daily tasks. The course helps 
operations managers and supervisors effectively 
engage and influence employees and contractors in 
difficult safety conversations and creates an 
environment that enables employees and contractors to 
advance the safety culture. In 2022, we successfully 
trained more than 50 leaders. For more information on 
safety at Williams, see Workforce Safety.
Williams helps employees develop by engaging in talent 
reviews and succession planning. We understand the 
importance of succession planning in assessing our 
organizational capability and guaranteeing ongoing 
talent capacity. Our talent review process enables us to 
evaluate talent across the company, think strategically 
about Williams’ broader development needs and 
calibrate accordingly. Aligning these themes to our 
organization’s strategic priorities promotes succession 
and development plans that support the growth of 
individuals and our business. As part of our succession 
analysis, we also review the diversity demographics of 
our potential successor pool.
JP Gonzales, Director of Land volunteering at annual Day of Caring in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
73
Building An Empowered Workforce

Williams’ commitment to D&I begins at the top of our 
company with our CEO. His pledge of support for the 
CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion Coalition outlines a 
specific set of actions that he will take to cultivate a 
trusting environment in which our employees feel 
comfortable and empowered to have conversations 
about D&I. These actions include implementing and 
encouraging ongoing dialogue and sharing strategic 
inclusion and diversity plans with our board of directors.
Our Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources 
Officer (CHRO) is responsible for executing D&I efforts at 
Williams, reporting on D&I efforts directly to our CEO 
regularly and board annually. In 2022, our CEO and CHRO 
sat on our Diversity & Inclusion Council, which guides our 
company-wide diversity and inclusion opportunities. In 
2022, the council was chaired by Williams CEO, included 
our CHRO and all other executive officers who report to 
our CEO, organizational and operational leaders from 
across the business and individual employees from diverse 
geographic regions and backgrounds. Members are 
selected based on role or through a self-nomination 
process, and membership terms alternate to ensure 
continuity while encouraging new, diverse perspectives. 
The council works to create a comprehensive view of our 
current workforce and develops internal metrics to help 
identify gaps, track progress and prioritize improvements in 
hiring and retention.
In 2022, to energize our workforce and create more 
focus on D&I, we established a formal organizational 
goal to: Cultivate an environment of employee inclusion, 
innovation and passion for Williams’ Vision to be part of 
the clean energy solution while maintaining and further 
developing our high-performance culture. 
We continue to publish an annual Diversity & Inclusion 
Report to provide visibility and promote awareness of 
our diversity data, areas of focus and strategy. Williams 
also publishes our EEO-1 Survey Data, which provides 
a transparent breakdown of our workforce data into job 
categories, gender, race and ethnicity. This data and 
our 2023 Diversity & Inclusion Report, our third annual 
publication, can be found on our website.
Williams further fosters an authentic workplace through 
our policies reinforcing D&I. Our Code of Business 
Conduct includes expectations for creating a positive 
work environment. Williams’ Equal Employment 
Opportunity Policy outlines our approach to providing 
equal employment and advancement opportunities for 
all. Our Prohibition of Workplace Discrimination and 
Harassment Policy defines our commitment to 
preventing workplace discrimination and harassment. 
We require our employees to demonstrate their 
continued understanding of these policies through our 
annual Code of Business Conduct and Harassment 
training. Williams communicates diversity-related 
policies to employees through our intranet, emails and 
face-to-face or virtual team meetings.
Programs & Initiatives Resources & Training
Williams believes creating an inclusive culture helps 
spark innovation and collaboration, bringing out the 
best in our people and driving business success. 
Through resources and training, we demonstrate this 
commitment toward creating a high-performing 
workforce where all individuals feel respected and 
valued for their contributions. We believe that 
educating and empowering employees, a strong 
leadership commitment and measurable goals are 
critical to accomplishing change within our company.
We provide tools and resources to help employees 
and leaders promote a diverse and inclusive culture. 
For example, our employees have access to the 
Williams D&I resource library to help facilitate difficult 
conversations at work and at home. Employees can 
also use our Leader Inclusion Playbook, containing 
readings and topical webinars to help navigate 
conversations about inclusion with their teams. 
Catalyst, our education platform, gives our employees 
access to more tools and resources free of charge, 
including research, webinars and exercises. Each tool 
contributes to our employees’ ability and willingness to 
hold meaningful conversations, drive social awareness 
and promote allyship across the company. We also 
offer optional enterprisewide training on inclusive 
communication and management of diverse teams 
through LinkedIn Learning. Williams believes that a 
culture that values and invests in diversity and 
inclusion will attract and retain the best talent.
Kenneth Philhower, Supervisor of Operations 
in Brooklyn, New York.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
74
Building An Empowered Workforce

We continue to host Candid Conversations, 
enterprisewide panel events designed to encourage 
dialogue by removing barriers and allowing employees 
to develop a deeper understanding of our diverse 
backgrounds. In 2022, we held three Candid 
Conversations events, followed by small group 
discussions. These events centered around Women’s 
History Month discussions, providing insights into 
women in leadership roles within our industry; Pride 
Month, inspiring employees to become advocates and 
allies of LGBTQ+ colleagues; and Hispanic Heritage 
Month, helping employees gain a greater appreciation 
for Hispanic culture.
Williams realized several other notable D&I-related 
accomplishments in 2022. We formalized action plans 
and shared them company-wide to address employee 
responses to our 2021 engagement survey questions 
about diversity and inclusion. We implemented a name 
pronunciation feature in Workday, allowing all 
employees to add an optional phonetic spelling of their 
name to their profile. Our monthly human resources 
electronic newsletter provided all formal leaders with 
employee demographic data and diversity and 
inclusion-focused resources. As a corporate sponsor for 
The Women’s Energy Network, we provided 
memberships to our employees free of charge and sent 
a number of employees to the 2022 “Power On” 
conference in Fort Worth, Texas. 
Despite progress made towards our D&I goal, we know 
more work needs to be done. In 2023, we will continue 
building our foundation by monitoring, measuring and 
adjusting our effort as required across the areas we 
have identified as fundamental to our D&I efforts. We 
have set several goals for 2023 to help continue our 
journey of focused improvement, including recognizing 
diverse employees and those who promote diversity, 
increasing representation in leadership and advancing 
organizational understanding of D&I metrics and 
longer-term strategies.
For more about our current and future planned D&I 
resources, initiatives and training programs, see our 
2023 Diversity & Inclusion Report on our website.
Our employee-led Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) provide formal and grassroots 
opportunities for our workers to come together to lend professional and personal 
support to one another, participate in community and volunteer events and promote 
inclusion across the company to create a more robust culture of belonging.
At the end of 2022, Williams had 10 ERGs with membership exceeding 1,100 
employees; nearly 23% of our employee base. These ERGs were:
• Asian Pacific Islander
• Black
• Latin
• LGBTQ+
• Men Advocating Real Change
• Native
• Women of Williams
• Working Parents
• Veterans
• Young Professionals 
ERGs and other employee committees help plan new initiatives, support growth 
opportunities and host a number of enterprisewide and local events in recognition of 
heritage months and other holidays, such as our enterprisewide Black History Month 
program planned by an employee-led Black History Month committee.
Showing Up Through Our ERGs
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Thuy-Ai Ngo, Network Analyst and Andrea Gilpin, Sr. Business Process Analyst in the Tulsa office. 
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
75
Building An Empowered Workforce

Williams strives for diverse employee representation 
throughout the organization, which is driven by our talent 
management practices and employee development 
programs. We are committed to creating an inclusive 
culture and environment where all employees have an 
equal opportunity to advance into leadership positions. 
Our measurement of race and gender data allows us 
to assess trends, acknowledge gaps and focus our 
hiring, development and inclusion efforts in ways that 
help us attract and retain the best talent. Our Diversity 
& Inclusion Council formally reviews gender and 
underrepresented race and ethnicity data quarterly to 
identify trends and opportunities for improvements. 
Employee Representation
In 2022, we maintained an 89% internal fill rate 
for all leadership positions, focusing on internal 
talent mobility, promotion and diversity. In 2022, 
female representation in leadership was 22%, 
with no change from 2021, while leaders with 
underrepresented ethnic/racial identities comprised 
15% of our leadership, an increase from 14% in 
2021. Additionally, in 2022, we added one new 
female director to our board, continuing our long-
standing practice of maintaining gender diversity in our 
leadership. Since 2004, our board has maintained at 
least two female directors. See Corporate Governance 
for more information about the diversity of our board of 
directors and senior leadership.
Williams’ 2022 D&I Metrics
Phillip Harris, Communications Specialist Staff and Austin Welch, Business Analyst volunteering at Williams Day of 
Caring in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Metric Female Male Underrepresented 
Ethnicity and Race White
Point-in-Time Metrics
Head Count
1,105 3,910 839 4,119
6% 4% 8% 4%
% of Total
22% 78% 17% 82%
0% 0% 1% −1%
Representation in Leadership
21% 79% 15% 84%
0% 0% 1% −1%
Rolling 12-Month Metrics
Representation in New Hires
25% 75% 24% 75%
−4% 4% −3% 4%
% of Population Promoted
14% 15% 12% 15%
2% 5% 2% 5%
Voluntary Turnover
8.1% 7.6% 9.9% 7.3%
1.5% 1.6% 3.4% 1.3%
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
76
Building An Empowered Workforce

Josh Moore, Eric Gallihugh, and Sean Lindenfelser, Operations Technicians at the Transco Pipeline Station 185 in Dale City, Virginia.
Metric American Indian or 
Alaska Native Asian Black or African 
American Hispanic or Latino 2 + Races White
Point-in-Time Metrics
Head Count 90 149 194 324 80 4,119
Representation in Leadership 2.1% 2.6% 3.6% 4.4% 1.6% 84.3%
Rolling 12-Month Metrics
Representation in New Hires 2.5% 4.2% 5.7% 9.9% 1.7% 74.9%
% of Population Promoted 16.6% 9.8% 10.8% 11.5% 17.8% 15.1%
Voluntary Turnover 5.9% 11.9% 9.8% 8.8% 14.0% 7.3%
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
77
Building An Empowered Workforce

Establishing fair approaches to job creation, terms of 
employment, compensation and working conditions are 
essential for Williams. As such, Williams is committed to 
fostering a workplace where business is conducted 
consistent with our Core Values, Code of Business 
Conduct and company policies. We also provide tools 
to our leaders to better equip them to create 
transparency around our compensation programs. This 
engagement helps employees understand the link 
between their pay and the value they bring to Williams 
in a fair and unbiased atmosphere. Additionally, we 
complete an annual pay equity review process to 
promote Williams’ equal employment opportunity 
policy. We do not include salary history questions in our 
application process. We promote, and in some cases 
require, trainings that influence inclusive hiring and 
mitigate bias in the hiring process; for more information, 
please refer to the Employee Attraction, Retention & 
Development section.
Employment Practices
GRI 2-30; SDG 8
Organized labor is an important voice for expanding 
domestic energy infrastructure, and we have strong 
relationships with unions in many areas throughout our 
pipeline footprint. Williams recognizes the right of 
employees under the National Labor Relations Act to 
organize, form, join or assist unions and engage in 
protected, concerted activities. However, because we 
encourage a direct partnership with our employees, 
we do not believe in the need for an outside group to 
speak on our workers’ behalf. In 2022, zero Williams 
employees were represented under collective 
bargaining agreements.
In 2022, Williams worked with six trade unions, 
including members of the IBEW, Iron Workers, 
Teamsters, Pipeliners Local 798, International Union of 
Operating Engineers and LIUNA organizations. Also, 
our Regional Energy Access Expansion project was 
awarded to contractors using organized labor. In total, 
34 miles of Williams’ pipelines were constructed and 
20% of contracts executed by companies using 
organized labor in 2022.
Zac Compton, Operations Technician, at the Transco Pipeline Station 165 in Virginia.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
78
Building An Empowered Workforce

Strengthening 
Communities
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
79
Company Overview Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy Minimizing Our Footprint Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure Building an Empowered Workforce Strengthening Communities About This Report
With a footprint that spans 25 states, Williams has an 
incredible opportunity to positively impact the communities 
in which we live and work. At Williams, we value honest and 
transparent dialogue with our stakeholders. We work hard 
to understand unique local challenges, provide support 
through investing in communities and responsibly manage 
our supply chain impacts.
George Loomis, Operations Supervisor participating in Williams Volunteer Week in Pennsylvania.
Strengthening Communities 79Williams 2022 Sustainability Report

Williams’ business depends on our ability to maintain 
trusting and collaborative relationships with our 
stakeholders. Retaining the confidence and approval of 
community members, public leaders, non-governmental 
organizations and government officials allows us to 
continue our operations and expand our infrastructure. 
In addition, engaging with the public strengthens our 
understanding of how new and existing projects will 
impact the health, safety and economic development of 
our communities. Ultimately, we use the feedback 
received from stakeholders to improve our strategy and 
operations. Williams strives to serve as a good 
neighbor, retain support for our operations and promote 
the success of our expansion projects. We actively 
engage with communities, customers, suppliers, 
non-governmental organizations, industry associations 
and government officials to understand different 
perspectives and explore collaborative outcomes built 
on open communication.
Stakeholder Relations
GRI 2-25, 2-29, 3-3, 413-1, 413-2
Why This Matters to Williams
Williams defines stakeholder engagement as activities 
specifically conducted to inform and gain input from 
parties about Williams’ expansion projects, 
operational activities or other notable business 
activities. We work to identify the best engagement 
approach for each unique stakeholder group. As part 
of our materiality assessment and report preparation 
process, we identify our primary stakeholder groups 
and directly engage with external stakeholders to 
understand their primary topics of interest. In addition 
to engaging stakeholders as part of our materiality 
assessment, we promote consistent stakeholder 
engagement on ESG topics. For a detailed list of 
stakeholder engagement activities conducted in 
2022, see 2022 Stakeholder Engagements.
Williams focuses on open dialogue and proactive partnerships with community members. In 2022, we participated in 
more than 200 unique engagements with local community stakeholders, including three community events, four 
open houses, 38 meetings with business organizations and chambers of commerce, nine environmental justice 
meetings and 10 meetings with non-profit organizations.
Community Engagement
2022 Community Engagement
Executive oversight of community engagement is the responsibility of our Vice President of Communications and 
Corporate Social Responsibility, and our Vice President of Government Affairs and Public Outreach. In the 
communities where Williams has expansion projects, we employ specialized consulting services to develop distinct 
outreach and stakeholder engagement plans to help us better engage with distinct community members and groups.
Williams’ community and project outreach team is the central contact point for stakeholder engagement related to 
pipeline infrastructure projects. The team develops a public participation plan for each of our major projects. When 
implementing these plans, we use a Public Outreach Strategy Guide that formally outlines Williams’ approach to 
community engagement and consultation. The guide emphasizes the importance of early contact, continual 
communication and flexibility throughout the lifecycle of our projects.
Board Ethnic and Racial Diversity
2022 Community Engagement
4 Open Houses
3 Community Events
9 Environmental Justice Meetings
10 Meetings with Non-profit Organizations
39 Meetings with Local Elected Officials
38  Meetings with Business Organizations and 
Chambers of Commerce
119 Other[1] 
[1]  Includes one-time meetings or interactions with community 
stakeholders or organizations.
222
Unique 
Engagements
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
80
Strengthening Communities

Williams continues to follow regulatory requirements 
for notifying and managing interactions with 
stakeholders using our stakeholder management 
systems. Williams employs the Federal Energy 
Regulatory Commission’s (FERC) voluntary pre-filing 
process to engage affected stakeholders before the 
submittal of a formal project certificate application. 
Our activities include public meetings and 
consultations with elected officials, community 
leaders and affected landowners. 
Upholding Regulatory Requirements
Following the FERC pre-filing process, Williams holds 
a series of open houses to inform landowners and 
other stakeholders about the scope and need for the 
proposed project. When hosting open houses, the 
company seeks ways to meet public preferences 
and not discourage any community members from 
participating in the process. As an example, Williams 
held one in-person and one virtual open house in 
2022 for the Southeast Energy Connector project. 
We scheduled virtual open houses to align with the 
dates of in-person events. During the open houses, 
Williams provided a project overview and online, 
interactive maps, which allowed attendees the 
opportunity to submit comments regarding the 
project directly onto the maps.
Williams uses a stakeholder management database to 
identify relevant stakeholders in communities 
associated with proposed and active expansion 
projects. We use this database to develop stakeholder 
lists required by FERC and as a resource to locate 
stakeholders in areas of existing operations. In 2022, 
Williams deployed the stakeholder database for our 
Southeast Energy Connector project, sending letters 
to stakeholders informing them about the project and 
community open houses.
We actively identify and engage with marginalized 
communities that may be affected by our operations. 
As part of this approach, in 2022, we further refined 
our methodology to evaluate the social demographics 
and the presence of overburdened populations in our 
operational footprint. This has improved our efforts to 
assess potential environmental justice risks and has 
become an important factor in project execution 
decisions. For more information on these efforts, see 
Environmental Justice.
To receive concerns related to our operations, we 
provide a dedicated email address and a toll-free 
stakeholder hotline as methods of contact on project 
materials, company handouts, letters to stakeholders 
and project-specific web pages. We assess the 
effectiveness of our engagement by monitoring the 
number of complaints, concerns and issues raised by 
community members, elected officials and regulating 
agencies. We work diligently to assess and respond to 
all community concerns.
As natural gas demand grows, we must periodically 
expand existing facilities or build new assets across 
our energy infrastructure systems that span 25 states. 
Our ability to reliably supply energy is, in part, due to 
the strong, long-term collaborations we have with 
more than 115,000 landowners. We strive to foster 
successful relationships with landowners who grant us 
the privilege of establishing permanent easements 
across private land.
Landowner Relations
For proposed pipeline infrastructure projects, we apply 
a standardized approach to engaging affected 
landowners. We focus on early engagement to allow 
us time to explain the project, obtain permission to 
survey the land and conduct a formal negotiation 
process. We encourage landowners to ask questions, 
voice concerns and communicate their preferences so 
we can create mutually beneficial solutions.
1,676
In 2022, through our 
successful negotiations 
and relationships with 
landowners, we reached 
mutually agreeable terms that 
resulted in the execution of 
1,676 new land agreements.
Throughout the project planning process, Williams 
proactively circulates relevant project information to 
landowners, including company policies, frequently 
asked questions and steps for acquiring a right-of-
way. For projects certified by the FERC, Williams must 
notify landowners up to half a mile from new 
compression facilities and all landowners affected by 
the proposed pipeline route. We distribute a brochure 
developed by the FERC that describes what to expect 
if a proposed project runs through a landowner’s 
property. In 2022, we distributed 104 mailers to 
landowners for the FERC pre-filing process.
We treat landowners fairly by providing them with 
reasonable financial compensation, protecting and 
restoring their land and respectfully operating on their 
property. Williams directly and regularly engages with 
our landowner partners through email, phone calls, 
mailings, open houses, in-person meetings and other 
forms of communication.
We provide training to our land agents to abide by 
INGAA’s Commitment to Landowners, a set of 
recommended behaviors that member companies 
agree to follow when engaging landowners. We also 
adhere to applicable state regulations such as the 
Texas Landowner Bill of Rights.
Williams aims to reduce the impacts our infrastructure 
has on communities by attempting to site the pipeline 
routes along existing rights-of-way, roadways or other 
utility corridors. We try to reroute, when possible, to 
avoid property owners who do not want to work with 
us. For existing partnerships, we conduct an annual 
checkup of our assets on landowner properties to 
confirm that our infrastructure is operating safely and 
unobtrusively. We have ongoing communications with 
landowners to resolve concerns and complaints.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
81
Strengthening Communities

For projects certified by the FERC, we make every 
reasonable effort to avoid the use of eminent domain. 
Our corporate philosophy is to introduce eminent 
domain only as a last resort. For example, we have 
obtained 100% of the land rights on our Regional 
Energy Access, Texas to Louisiana Energy Pathway 
and Southside Reliability Enhancement projects 
without using eminent domain. To support this 
process, Williams follows a formal landowner 
complaint resolution procedure to identify concerns 
and determine an appropriate resolution in a timely 
manner. Our goal is to reach mutual agreements with 
all new landowners. Williams has been able to 
adequately compensate landowners while having 
fewer condemnations, and since 2018, we have met 
our goal of zero condemnations.
Williams is committed to informing stakeholders of our 
role in leading the push towards a clean energy future. 
Helping stakeholders better understand our products 
is an enterprisewide endeavor that cascades directly 
down from our executive officer team to our field team. 
Public Perception & Education
Williams executives actively engage in meetings with 
stakeholder organizations and elected officials and 
participate in community events that enhance public 
knowledge of our projects and perception of Williams. 
We developed the Williams Ambassador program to 
support employees in their endeavors to educate 
friends, family and colleagues about Williams’ role in a 
clean energy future. The program provides tools for 
employees to have quality, fact-based conversations 
about Williams and the natural gas industry. Enhancing 
the perception of the role of Williams and natural gas 
in a clean energy future encourages support for our 
operations and new infrastructure projects.
Williams relies on a wide range of public education 
efforts, initiatives and partnerships to manage our 
public perception. Williams is a founding member of 
Natural Allies for a Clean Energy Future, a coalition of 
industry leaders, labor partners and other allies of the 
natural gas industry. The coalition runs multi-channel 
campaigns to educate and engage stakeholders 
through television and digital advertising, press 
outreach and social media. Through Natural Allies, 
Williams is committed to proactively educating 
stakeholders about the role of natural gas in reducing 
emissions and more quickly reaching climate goals.
Public Perception Statistics
We have adapted our use of social media to educate 
the public on the value of natural gas and Williams’ 
commitment to a clean energy future, focusing our 
engagement on the local communities where we have 
proposed expansion projects. We also host town halls 
and community meetings to gain feedback and 
discuss the benefits of our projects to local 
communities, the environment and the economy. In 
2022, we continued polling and research efforts to 
understand how the public views our brand, 
operations and proposed projects. In addition, we 
used a local municipal tracking service to monitor 
instances where local meetings reference Williams.
Tenure of Board Members
Public Perception Statistics
When asked, “Do you agree or disagree that Williams 
supports a clean energy future/makes clean energy 
happen?” 2022 survey respondents said:
21% Strongly Agree
14% Somewhat Agree
55% Neutral
4% Somewhat Disagree
6% Strongly Disagree
Tina Taylor, Supply Chain Specialist in Virginia.
Theeban Thavanandam, Corporate Development Analyst 
in the Tulsa office.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
82
Strengthening Communities

Williams prioritizes involvement in the communities 
where our employees live and work. We believe in 
strategically investing both our time and our resources 
to maximize impact for the causes most central to our 
company. We focus our giving on initiatives that help 
energize employees, strengthen communities and 
enhance business execution. In 2022, we contributed 
over $14 million to 2,091 organizations across 49 
states and Washington, D.C. through our community 
giving channels, which include cash contributions, 
Community Investment
GRI 413-1
in-kind donations and matching programs. Williams 
employees, retirees and board members also support 
through personal contributions in addition to Williams’ 
corporate support. Williams also invests in our 
communities using our time, including through our 
inaugural Williams Volunteer Week in April 2022. 
Volunteering together strengthens connections to 
local organizations and unites our employees in the 
spirit of giving.
Over the past five years, Williams has contributed 
more than $57 million to support local communities. 
We focus our giving on science, technology, 
engineering and math (STEM) education, 
environmental stewardship, civic betterment, public 
safety, D&I and other initiatives that our communities 
value. Williams accepts external grant applications 
throughout the year on the company website and 
awards grants on a quarterly basis. 
Corporate Giving
Our Core Values direct us to be responsible stewards 
and reliable partners across our footprint. Williams’ 
operating area leaders and corporate social 
responsibility team help identify organizations and 
initiatives that meet the unique needs of the diverse 
communities in which we operate. 
2022 Community Giving 
by Program Area
The Williams Foundation, a nonprofit 501(c)(3), guides 
our community investments. The Foundation’s 
thoughtful and engaged board of directors advises 
charitable giving across the states where we operate. 
The Williams Foundation board includes members of 
our executive leadership team, meets semi-annually 
and collaborates with our corporate social 
responsibility team to approve a comprehensive 
budget that supports high-impact programs in the 
communities where our employees live and work. The 
Foundation Bylaws and our corporate Charitable 
Giving Policy outline our giving process to promote the 
integrity of our contributions.
Investments in local emergency response agencies 
help often under-resourced organizations purchase 
equipment necessary to protect our local 
communities. In 2022, we donated $666,618 to 285 
first responder groups throughout our operating areas, 
including departments where our employees volunteer 
as firefighters. For more information on our support for 
emergency responders, please refer to the Public 
Safety section.
For more information about the Foundation’s 
investments and achievements, please see our 2022 
Community Investments Report.
2022 Number of Ethics Inquiries....
2022 Community Giving by Program Area
2%  Other
3%  In-Kind
5%  Safety
7%  Arts, Culture and Humanities
16%  Environmental Quality, 
Protection and Beautification
12% Health and Human Services
17% United Way
18% Education
20% Civic Betterment
Marie Tucker, Information Technology Executive Assistant participating in the Williams Day of Caring in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
83
Strengthening Communities

WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
In addition to building our charitable giving strategy around key focus areas, Williams 
is always receptive to employee suggestions and projects that advance diversity and 
inclusion. In 2022, employee Kelly Adams, Director of State Government and 
Regulatory Affairs, nominated the University of South Carolina’s Center for Civil 
Rights History and Research as a potential recipient for Williams funding. The Center 
preserves and shares civil rights history through oral histories and educational 
programs. In 2022, Williams committed $1.5 million to fund the Center’s preservation 
of stories, along with various efforts, including a traveling exhibit and permanent 
collection. With Williams’ donation, stories of our country’s civil rights history can be 
gathered and archived so that they are not only used for educational purposes, but 
never forgotten. Please visit our website to watch Kelly Adams speak about her 
passion for this project and Williams’ donation.
Preserving History & Supporting 
Employee Passions
Williams wants to prepare the next generation for 
careers in STEM. In 2022, Williams invested $1,037,750 
to support STEM education in elementary, middle and 
high schools, technical schools and universities. Our 
investment in STEM education helps build a diverse 
talent pipeline to meet our company’s workforce needs 
as we support a sustainable energy future.
In 2022, Williams employees advanced this effort by 
volunteering to work with students at Sterling Aviation 
High School, a 3DE school in Houston, on a case 
study. 3DE was developed through a shared vision from 
leaders in education, business and Junior Achievement 
to systemically re-engineer education to better reflect 
the real world and prepare students for life beyond the 
classroom walls. The Williams case study involved 
decisions we make when implementing solar panel 
Investing in Education
projects to power our assets. Our CEO, Alan 
Armstrong, is a long-time supporter of Junior 
Achievement, currently serving on the 3DE board 
and as the board chairman of Junior 
Achievement USA.
We also know that investing in social, emotional 
and physical health and well-being is critical to 
supporting children and families. In 2022, we 
supported Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, by 
committing $1.5 million over five years to construct 
a large fieldhouse at the county’s planned indoor 
recreation center. The fieldhouse will have 40,000 
square feet of artificial turf and a 17,600 square 
foot gymnasium and provide a gathering space for 
the community to participate in fitness activities 
while supporting overall well-being.
We are honored and excited to continue our community 
partnership with Williams. Williams is not a company 
that just says they want to make an impact in the 
communities they operate in, they roll up their sleeves 
and take action.
ASHLEY KILMER, SUSQUEHANNA COUNTY 
RECREATION CENTER BOARD PRESIDENT
“
”
Kelly Adams, Director of State Government and Regulatory Affairs, 
at The University of South Carolina’s Center for Civil Rights History and Research.
84
Strengthening Communities2022 Sustainability ReportWilliams

Williams develops private-public partnerships to help 
improve or preserve our resources and promote 
responsible land use. We continue to support habitat 
conservation organizations such as Ducks Unlimited, 
which conserves, restores and manages wetlands and 
other waterfowl habitats. In 2022, our support helped 
Ducks Unlimited add 1,250 acres to the Cavalier 
Wildlife Management Area in Virginia, located adjacent 
to the Great Dismal Swamp National Wildlife Refuge, a 
critical Mid-Atlantic ecosystem. We also supported the 
Arbor Day Foundation; for more information, please 
refer to the Biodiversity & Land Use section.
Williams’ support for responsible land use projects 
extends into the urban environments where our 
employees live and work. In Houston, Texas, for 
example, we are a key sponsor of the Commons, a 
26-acre multi-use greenspace development at 
Hermann Park Conservancy. Once completed, the 
Commons will feature a variety of natural and 
recreational areas that transform this previously 
underutilized area into a lively community gathering 
space. Ecological initiatives include an experimental 
urban wetland garden, extensive native planting and 
environmental education activity areas.
We advance sustainable urban design and outdoor 
recreation with projects like our work with the River 
Parks Authority in Tulsa. This project replaces a 
railroad bridge spanning the river with a modern 
pedestrian bridge. The City of Tulsa even named the 
bridge “Williams Crossing” to recognize our 
contribution. Williams Crossing is expected to open in 
early 2024 and will provide Tulsa residents with a 
zero-carbon transportation and recreation option. 
Williams also supported environmental recreation 
along the historic Safe Harbor Trestle Bridge in Manor 
Township, Pennsylvania, through a donation to help 
restore the bridge. In 2022, our investment came to 
fruition when the bridge opened to hikers, bikers and 
other outdoor enthusiasts. Williams also partnered 
with Jenkins Township, Pennsylvania, to fund a new 
pavilion for recreation and community events at Spadi 
Park. We are proud to continue a strong partnership 
with Jenkins Township officials and look forward to 
seeing the social and environmental benefits of this 
pavilion come to life.
Protecting Our Environment & 
Invigorating Our Communities
Williams is a longtime supporter of United Way and its 
mission to bring people and organizations together to 
drive lasting change around the country and the world. 
In 2022, Williams and our employees, retirees and 
board members supported more than 141 local area 
United Way agencies, totaling over $4,637,616 in 
donations. The total funds include pledges, fundraisers 
and the company’s matching funds. 
Being a recognized partner in support of issues that 
communities care about establishes mutually beneficial 
relationships and strengthens the perception of Williams. 
Williams also makes substantial investments to 
educational and research institutions in support of energy 
solutions. For more information, please refer to the 
Energy Transition and Low Carbon Economy section.
We see Williams being here for the long haul. With this 
project, we know that Williams is invested here for the 
long term. We certainly welcome Williams and Manor 
Township working together for the next 100 years.
RYAN STROHECKER, MANOR TOWNSHIP MANAGER
“
”
Williams’ commitment to supporting the communities 
our employees call home extends beyond financial 
support. With supervisor approval, during work hours 
employees may volunteer with charitable organizations 
that address critical needs and fuel their passions. In 
total, Williams employees contributed 20,999 total 
volunteer hours in 2022, representing $628,920 in 
value based on an estimated value of $29.95 per 
volunteer hour.[1] Williams’ employees are proactive in 
helping their communities and each other in times of 
need. Across the country, our employees serve on 
non-profit boards and as mentors, coaches, 
committee members and volunteer firefighters. 
[1] Independent Sector, Value of Volunteer Time.
Employee Giving & Volunteering
We also fund employee-driven charitable giving 
programs, including our Homegrown Giving and 
Matching Gifts programs. Our Homegrown Giving 
program enables employees to support the unique 
needs of their local communities through grants 
designed to support eligible, non-profit organizations. 
Additionally, our Matching Gifts program annually 
matches contributions to eligible organizations up to 
$10,000 per employee or board member and up to 
$5,000 per retiree.
Enola Low Grade Trail Trestle Bridge in Pennsylvania.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
85
Strengthening Communities

WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
In April 2022, hundreds of Williams employees in 18 states volunteered at 88 
non-profit organizations as part of our inaugural Williams Volunteer Week, to help 
with projects such as beautifying outdoor spaces, tutoring in elementary school 
classrooms and sorting donations at food banks. Our inaugural Volunteer Week 
harnessed the collective power of Williams employees to complete large projects 
for vital community organizations. Our community partners shared that our 
employees have positive attitudes, are industrious and have fun making a 
difference. Throughout the week, teams volunteered at organizations including 
Green Country Habitat for Humanity in Tulsa, Oklahoma, Urban Harvest 
community garden in Houston, Texas, the YWCA of Salt Lake City, Utah, Child 
Hunger Outreach Partners in Pennsylvania and many more organizations 
throughout the country. Our inaugural Volunteer Week proves that Williams 
employees will truly be there for our communities.
Showing Up in Our Communities
Economic Impacts
SDG 9
When Williams expands our major pipelines or 
facilities, we support economic development through 
state and local tax revenues, labor compensation, 
income tax revenue and local spending by our 
workers. In 2022, we paid $215 million in property 
taxes across our locations. Over the past five years, 
we have also paid more than $231 million in total 
Employer Federal Insurance Contribution Act taxes. 
Our investments also contribute to state and local 
sales tax revenues when we procure project materials, 
and our workers patronize local businesses.
It is important to understand the potential economic 
impact of a project before initiation so that we can 
strategically target investments to maximize benefit 
and disperse positive impact equitably. Williams 
assesses anticipated economic impact of our 
operations and expansion projects at the local 
community and regional level. We engage an expert 
third party, typically a research university or institute, to 
conduct economic impact assessments for large 
expansion projects. Involving experts heightens 
research quality, impartiality and accuracy, which is 
important for communicating results to local 
stakeholders. Following the analysis, we share 
information about anticipated benefits with local 
policymakers, advocacy organizations, chambers of 
commerce and other community stakeholders. Once 
projects begin, we promote the use of local 
businesses, such as patronizing locally owned hotels, 
restaurants, fuel stations, construction suppliers and 
other local services. For more information, please refer 
to the Environmental Justice section of this report.
Our proposed Southeast Energy Connector in 
Alabama expands our Transco pipeline, which extends 
from Texas to New York City, and will support the 
transition of Alabama’s electric power generation from 
coal to natural gas. We have a proven record of reliably 
servicing this region; Transco has transported 
approximately 25% of the natural gas that has entered 
Alabama since 1990. In 2022, we commissioned an 
economic impact assessment for the Southeast 
Energy Connector project from the University of 
Alabama. The study determined that the construction 
phase alone will generate $97.5 million in gross 
business activity. The project is expected to generate 
nearly 300 total jobs and $2.3 million in state and local 
tax revenues. At the county level, the Southeast 
Energy Connector is projected to generate $12.4 
million in GDP contributions for Chilton County and 
$22.7 million for Coosa County. Ultimately, the 
Southeast Energy Connector will drive Alabama’s 
transition away from coal-fired power generation, 
which will also benefit communities by reducing air 
pollution and GHG emissions.
Williams also commissioned studies from Wilkes 
University and Rutgers University to assess 
Pennsylvania- and New Jersey-specific economic 
impact, respectively, for our Regional Energy Access 
Expansion project. For details regarding the outcomes 
of these studies, please refer to Williams’ 2021 
Sustainability Report.
Williams Volunteer Week project with Green Country Habitat for Humanity in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
86
Strengthening Communities2022 Sustainability ReportWilliams

WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
In addition to driving positive economic impact through our operations and 
expansion activities, we fuel local economic growth through community investment 
and innovative industry partnerships. In 2022, Williams, Devon Energy, ONEOK, 
venture capital firm Energy Innovation Capital (EIC) and tech-focused nonprofit Tulsa 
Innovation Labs (TIL) joined together in a first-of-its-kind initiative to attract energy 
technology startups to the Tulsa region. 
A key program in this initiative is Rose Rock Bridge, a startup incubator program that 
gives burgeoning energy technology organizations the tools they need to succeed 
and grow in the Tulsa area. Startups accepted to the program are awarded $100,000 
in non-dilutive funding to experiment and grow their ideas. Williams also participates 
in mentorships, networking events, pitch days and administrative support activities. 
For Williams, one advantage of this program is the opportunity to collaborate with 
startups to develop energy technology solutions in line with our decarbonization 
goals. Additionally, this program will support Tulsa’s entrepreneurs and bring talented 
innovators to the area, ultimately enhancing the city’s energy technology economy.
Investing in Innovation
Supply Chain & 
Responsible Procurement
GRI 2-6, 2-24
Williams’ interstate gas pipeline and gathering and 
processing operations span across the U.S., supplying 
natural gas and natural gas products nationwide. Our 
daily operations use materials, goods and services 
from more than 3,979 suppliers across the country. 
We value building relationships with suppliers that 
uphold our commitment to operational excellence, 
honor our Core Values and support our vision for 
sustainability. Williams strives to continue to mature 
our procurement and supply chain management 
strategy to build a more resilient, diverse and 
sustainable supplier base.
Ribbon-cutting event for Tulsa Innovation Labs and the Rose Rock Bridge program.
Williams employees visit diverse supplier Steel Forgings Inc. in Louisiana.
87
Strengthening Communities2022 Sustainability ReportWilliams

Our suppliers and contractors are essential to helping 
us deliver safe, reliable natural gas products that help 
fuel the clean energy economy. Williams uses a tiered 
supplier relationship management process to 
segment suppliers into categories and help direct our 
spending. We determine our Tier 1 suppliers based 
upon the highest spend, strategic value and potential 
risks. On average, Tier 1 suppliers account for the top 
80% of total annual spend. Williams implements 
well-researched category strategies to drive 
procurement decisions on major projects and 
high-spend categories.
Supply Chain Management
We value authenticity and integrity throughout our 
business, which includes work done in partnership with 
our suppliers and contractors. Our Code of Conduct for 
Suppliers and Contractors sets expectations for our 
business partners to uphold our commitment to 
environmental, social and economic impact and 
maintain our compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations. The Code covers ESG standards including 
the prohibition of discrimination, support for freedom of 
association and collective bargaining and promotion of 
effective environmental management. We require 
acknowledgment of our Code from all our suppliers and 
contractors when signing procurement contracts and 
new purchase orders. Additionally, we conduct training 
with our procurement team to best execute the Code 
and our supplier ESG program. Our Code is available 
on our external vendor terms and conditions website.
Number of Suppliers Total Spending
Williams’ supplier assessment program requires new 
suppliers and existing suppliers under re-evaluation to 
complete a self-assessment ESG questionnaire. The 
questionnaire assesses social and environmental 
criteria, such as diversity, human rights policies, 
environmental performance and code of conduct for 
business partners. This approach allows Williams to 
conduct business with suppliers that align with 
Williams’ ESG expectations, specifically policies 
focused on environmental sustainability, diversity, pay 
equality, workplace harassment and data privacy. In 
2022, 270 suppliers, including all new suppliers, 
responded to questions covering ESG criteria. We 
continue to work with our suppliers to help them 
improve and align with our ESG expectations and plan 
to use this supplier response data to further 
understand Williams’ supplier base.
Williams holds suppliers to high standards on both 
product quality and services. Williams expects Tier 1 
and other critical suppliers to comply with our 
company policies, performance expectations and 
regulatory requirements, which we monitor through 
desktop and onsite assessments conducted by 
members of our procurement team. Suppliers that do 
not meet our expectations may be subject to 
contractual remedies, up to and including termination 
of contract and removal from active supplier list. For 
our critical suppliers, we establish performance 
metrics regarding safety, on-time delivery, quality 
service and cost efficiency. We conduct business 
reviews with internal stakeholders throughout the year 
to verify that suppliers are hitting their performance 
goals. To identify potential country-specific supply 
chain risks, including human rights risks, we screen 
suppliers using U.S. Secretary of State databases and 
the FBI Terrorist Screening Database. One Future Membership 1
Number of Suppliers Total Spending
188 Tier 1
3,791 Tier 2 and 3
$2.42 billion Tier 1
$0.6 billion Tier 2 and 3
2022 Supplier Spending
Transco Pipeline in Stokesdale, North Carolina.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
88
Strengthening Communities

Williams is committed to procuring goods and services 
from qualified suppliers that meet our safety, 
compliance and credit requirements. We prioritize 
working with suppliers committed to advancing our 
sustainability goals through the inclusion of ESG-
based criteria in our supplier evaluation and 
qualification process. We continue to identify 
opportunities to standardize and embed ESG criteria 
into our procurement process.
Our Williams Procurement Policy establishes 
requirements for purchasing goods and services from 
suppliers and includes language about our improved 
purchasing processes and sourcing strategies. We 
strive to select suppliers that use transparent, 
objective, timely and cost-effective decision-making 
and risk management. We continue to work with local 
suppliers — defined as being in the same state or 
region as our field offices or large stations — to 
promote economic development in our areas of 
operation. Our ability to hire locally depends on the 
availability of appropriately qualified individuals. For 
additional information on local economic 
development, see Economic Impacts.
Williams’ dedication to diversity goes beyond our 
commitment to an inclusive workplace for 
employees. Williams has strengthened our efforts to 
support diverse suppliers and suppliers from 
historically underrepresented groups. In 2022, we 
implemented a supplier diversity program. The 
program’s vision statement reflects input and signoff 
by our Diversity and Inclusion Council, of which 
executive leaders are members. 
Responsible Procurement
Growing investment in supplier diversity is a focus 
area of the Tulsa Regional Chamber. Having a 
company like Williams align with us and demonstrate 
what it looks like to intentionally engage in this effort 
is a game changer for minority entrepreneurship and 
economic equity.
JONATHAN LONG, VICE PRESIDENT OF DIVERSITY, EQUITY 
AND INCLUSION FOR TULSA REGIONAL CHAMBER
“
”
Through this program, we have partnered with 
Tealbook, a third-party supplier data provider, to help 
us understand metrics and track the diversity 
classifications of our current supplier base and future 
suppliers. These business classifications include small 
businesses and companies owned by women, 
minorities, military veterans and businesses in the 
Historically Underutilized Business Zones program. 
The Historically Underutilized Business Zones program 
helps small businesses in urban and rural communities 
gain preferential access to federal procurement 
opportunities. Currently, about 15% of Williams 
suppliers are diverse and certified as such.
As an example of our efforts to promote diversity in 
our supply chain, Williams has partnered with the Tulsa 
Chamber of Commerce’s Mosaic, a coalition of local 
organizations dedicated to enhancing the area’s D&I 
climate by sharing best practices and developing 
relationships. Mosaic helps us connect to Tulsa-area 
businesses owned by people with diverse 
backgrounds. Our goal for 2023 is to implement 
“supplier spotlights,” which will highlight a current 
diverse supplier of Williams to drive both internal and 
external awareness of supplier’s capabilities.
Harrison Hub Fractionation Plant in Scio, Ohio.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
89
Strengthening Communities

Environmental Justice
GRI 2-25, 413-1, 413-2
Williams supports environmental justice and seeks to 
involve residents and leaders from all socioeconomic 
backgrounds in our engagement activities. We actively 
pursue opportunities to conduct dialogue with 
overburdened communities, which may include people 
of color, low income, rural, tribal, indigenous and 
homeless populations around our projects and in our 
operating areas to gain a meaningful understanding of 
the critical issues they face. Williams also views 
environmental justice as a framework that we can 
harness to promote the equitable distribution of 
benefits from our operations, such as direct and 
indirect economic impacts. To promote environmental 
justice, we pursue partnerships with community-based 
organizations that serve distinct needs in local 
communities. These partnerships provide direct 
channels to further engage community members who 
use the services provided by these organizations. For 
more information on our community partnerships, 
please refer to the Community Investment section.
To monitor the policy landscape around environmental 
justice, Williams developed a state-by-state summary 
of existing and proposed environmental justice 
regulations. This tool has enabled us to understand 
the impacts of environmental and energy policy on the 
communities we serve. We expect our approach to 
environmental justice will mature as we learn from and 
grow with the communities where we operate and 
respond to new government policies. 
Williams identifies overburdened communities using 
the guidance and methodologies determined by the 
EPA’s Federal Interagency Working Group on 
Environmental Justice and the National Environmental 
Policy Act (NEPA) committee. In addition, Williams 
follows state guidance when identifying overburdened 
communities. To learn more about our approach to 
identifying these population groups, see the 
methodology outlined in the publication, Promising 
Practices for EJ Methodologies in NEPA Reviews.
To assess the demographics of communities near our 
assets, Williams conducts Environmental Justice 
Assessments that evaluate characteristics such as 
income, race, ethnicity, age and spoken languages. In 
2022, we continued to improve this approach by 
assessing additional features that help characterize 
these communities, including community assets, 
gathering places, non-profit organizations and 
community-based activities. This process helps us 
identify overburdened communities in the vicinity of 
planned projects, understand potential social risks and 
develop outreach strategies tailored to specific 
population groups. For example, we translate project 
information into multiple languages and host additional 
stakeholder meetings during the daytime and evening 
hours. Through this process, Williams increases 
stakeholder participation and maximizes engagement 
with overburdened community groups, helping us to 
assess, avoid and mitigate potential environmental 
justice concerns.
Williams embraces the value of understanding the 
communities around our assets. By proactively engaging 
and collaborating with local communities and technical 
experts, we strive to be cognizant of the potential 
burdens and benefits of our activities in overburdened 
communities and develop sustained partnerships that 
promote a healthy and safe environment.
MARK GEBBIA, VICE PRESIDENT 
ENVIRONMENTAL AND PERMITTING
“
”
In 2022, Williams’ environmental justice workgroup 
finalized an Environmental Justice Project Charter 
Statement to include in permitting applications and 
FERC Resource Reports. This statement describes 
how Williams actively engages with communities to 
understand their perspectives and potential concerns. 
It also discusses how Williams seeks to minimize and 
manage potential negative impacts and create 
relationships with communities for their net benefit. 
Through frequent direct dialogue, we share company-
related information and project updates, hear 
residents’ concerns and address their questions. We 
also use referrals from our current stakeholders to 
grow our outreach network and pursue new 
engagement opportunities.
Williams’ attention to environmental justice concerns 
and community outreach efforts is already yielding 
results in our development projects. For example, due in 
part to the community outreach efforts and adjustments 
made in response to community feedback, the final 
Environmental Impact Statement for our Regional 
Energy Access Expansion project concluded that the 
project would not have adverse impacts to communities 
prone to environmental justice risks.
Transco Pipeline right of way. 
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
90
Strengthening Communities

Williams’ community outreach efforts seek to go 
beyond informing and engaging residents by also 
identifying ways for communities to realize real value 
from the benefits our projects bring. At the early 
stages of project development, Williams assesses the 
potential economic benefits of our proposed projects, 
identifying local, county and regional benefits. In 
project areas in which the demographics indicate the 
presence of an overburdened community, we work to 
specifically engage community, civic and business 
leaders to ensure there is broad awareness of the 
anticipated economic benefits of our proposed 
projects. We will also work to encourage our 
contractors to hire local employees and to use local 
businesses for their needs. The effort seeks to ensure 
the equitable distribution of benefits in our project 
areas. For more information regarding the direct and 
indirect benefits of our operations, please refer to the 
Economic Impacts section.
Williams is involved in several external initiatives aimed 
at advancing environmental justice. In 2022, Williams 
participated in an industry panel at the Interstate 
Pipeline Regulatory Committee annual meeting that 
discussed approaches and best practices for 
environmental justice engagement. Williams has been 
a resource for the FERC Office of Public Participation 
by sharing our public outreach and stakeholder 
engagement practices. In addition, Williams is a 
member of the Interstate Natural Gas Association of 
America (INGAA) Environmental Justice Task Force. 
We also seek opportunities to share our practices and 
learn from other top environmental justice programs by 
participating in industry association events focused on 
environmental justice.
Williams is committed to serving as a respectful neighbor 
in the communities where we operate. It is our 
responsibility to manage noise from our operations and 
mitigate elevated sound levels that can negatively affect 
human health and the environment. We work with 
communities to foster a safe environment and comply with 
federal, state and local regulations.
Effective sound control begins with the permitting and 
design of any noise-generating facility. We incorporate 
equipment and architectural acoustics to limit sound levels 
below the maximum decibel levels established by federal, 
state and local noise regulations. We use a variety of 
technologies, including exhaust silencers, mufflers, 
low-speed fans and centrifugal compressor units. 
Noise Management
For example, we use mufflers when conducting 
blowdowns and purges on pipelines to minimize the 
venting noise.
We complement technology measures with building 
and landscaping designs, such as trees and noise walls 
that absorb and deflect sound. We voluntarily 
implement these alternative noise controls in projects 
where our overall noise impact is below the U.S. decibel 
threshold that requires technology interventions. As our 
operations expand, technologies advance and the local 
landscape evolves, we adapt to remain in compliance 
with noise regulations. We are dedicated to responsibly 
controlling and minimizing noise impacts for our 
neighbors’ health and well-being.
Nathan Carlson, WORK Experience Product Owner at the Transco Pipeline Station 240 in Carlstadt, New Jersey.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
91
Strengthening Communities

Williams is committed to fostering a business culture 
that respects internationally recognized human rights 
and prevents human rights infringements throughout 
our business actions. Our Human Rights Policy and 
Statement outlines our commitment to respect human 
rights and avoid complicity in human rights abuses. The 
statement includes our expectations related to 
workplace discrimination, D&I, workplace conditions 
and freedom of association. Our commitment applies to 
everyone involved in Williams’ operations, including 
employees, officers, contractors, leased workers, 
suppliers, vendors and customers. In situations where 
Williams does not control operations, we collect relevant 
data and report all noncompliance issues to our ethics 
and compliance team to confirm that involved parties 
align with our human rights standards.
Our human rights commitment extends to our supply 
chain, whereby we expect our suppliers to honor our 
Core Values related to freely chosen employment, 
working hours, respect in the workplace, wages and 
Human Rights Indigenous Peoples
GRI 2-23
benefits, and health and safety. Williams has embedded 
the expectation of compliance with all human rights and 
labor laws in our standalone Code of Business Conduct 
for Suppliers and Contractors, which we require all 
business partners to sign. We also review our suppliers’ 
culture, policies, practices and ask whether they have a 
Code of Conduct during the supplier qualification 
process. We see supplier relationships as an opportunity 
to share best practices with respect to human rights 
and promote continual learning and improvement.
Since 1992, Williams has offered the Action Line, a 24/7 
toll-free number that empowers employees and other 
stakeholders to report concerns including those related 
to  human rights. Internal procedures are in place to 
handle all concerns submitted via the Williams Action 
Line. For more information on the Action Line, please 
refer to the Corporate Behavior & Ethics section. 
Developing trusting relationships with Native American 
tribes has never been more important for our nation’s 
energy industry, particularly for those sectors in which 
Williams operates. Our Human Rights Policy and 
Statement outlines our commitment to respect human 
rights and avoid complicity in human rights abuses, 
including those of Indigenous Peoples. In 2022, Williams 
had no incidents of violations involving the rights of 
Indigenous Peoples. Additionally, we continue to use an 
internal guide covering best practices and recommended 
processes for successfully engaging this key stakeholder 
group. Please refer to the Human Rights section for more 
information regarding how Williams protects human rights.
In the preliminary stages of project development, we 
conduct geographic information system (GIS) analyses, 
computer-based reviews and site-specific surveys to 
locate sensitive environmental, cultural and historic areas, 
including cultural resources that are of importance to 
indigenous peoples. As a company with interstate 
pipelines regulated by FERC, we adhere to Section 106 
of the National Historic Preservation Act, which requires 
consultation on all activities that may affect property of 
cultural or religious significance to tribes. As part of 
Section 106, tribes must have a reasonable opportunity 
to identify concerns about affected properties and advise 
Williams on the identification and evaluation of 
these properties. Williams’ public outreach and 
environmental permitting teams have primary 
responsibilities for tribal outreach efforts.
To improve our understanding of Indigenous 
relations, we created an Indigenous Peoples Council 
that consists of Native American employees and 
allies, including representation from diverse 
stakeholder groups across Williams’ departments. 
The Council continued meeting regularly in 2022 
and is exploring the development of a formal 
company policy relating to Indigenous Peoples. It is 
also working to formalize a tribal relations guide, 
recommend training and learning opportunities and 
discuss ways of improving how Williams considers 
Indigenous Peoples in supply chain diversity and 
talent development.
In addition, Williams is enhancing internal 
conversations around Indigenous issues through our 
new Native Employee Resource Group (ERG). In 
2022, more than 100 Williams employees attended a 
virtual event hosted by the Native ERG that featured a 
conversation led by David Grann, author of the novel 
Killers of the Flower Moon.
Northwest Pipeline in Spokane, Washington.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
92
Strengthening Communities

We work to create constructive dialogues with 
Native American tribes with mutually beneficial 
results. As part of that effort, we regularly identify 
opportunities to incorporate feedback from tribes into 
our project planning, even when there is no federal 
mandate to do so. 
In 2022, Williams performed a hydrotest on a small 
segment of the Northwest pipeline mainline in 
Klickitat County, Washington. Part of the project 
occurred within a recorded archaeological site that 
has significant cultural meaning to the Yakama 
Nation. Although the site was entirely within the 
pipeline’s existing, previously disturbed right-of-way, 
Northwest Pipeline notified the tribe about this activity 
and reiterated its proximity to the archaeological site. 
Williams consulted with the tribe’s Cultural Resources 
Program staff and Tribal Historic Preservation Officers 
(THPO) for several months to develop a project-
specific Monitoring and Inadvertent Discovery Plan 
and provided the tribe with a post-construction 
monitoring report. The tribe indicated no issues or 
concerns upon completion of the project.
Other notable engagements in 2022 included 
consultation with the Muckleshoot tribe to prepare a 
stream restoration design that met criteria defined by 
Muckleshoot fishery experts, as well as contracting 
with the Confederated Tribes of the Umatilla 
Reservation to monitor a local fish passage in 
accordance with permit conditions. We also 
participate on INGAA’s Tribal working group, where 
we continue to build understanding related to our 
engagement with Indigenous Peoples. Although the 
working group did not meet in 2022, we remain in 
communication with INGAA leaders on the 
development of future working groups.
Tribal Consultation & Engagement
As part of our commitment to building positive 
relationships with Indigenous Peoples, we provide 
meaningful charitable contributions to tribal initiatives. 
For the fourth consecutive year, Williams sponsored 
the Native American Youth Summit and was the 
presenting sponsor of the Dance of the Two Moons 
event, benefiting the Indian Health Care Resource 
Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Each year, hundreds of 
families participate in the Youth Summit, designed to 
help strengthen the physical, mental, social and 
cultural well-being of Native American youth.
We pursue opportunities to engage with and celebrate 
our local Native American communities. Williams 
sponsored and contributed to the planning of Tulsa’s 
Native American Day, with the 2022 theme of “Our 
Journey Continues.” The event included a full day of 
tribal leader speakers, arts, crafts and food, and 
concluded with a concert. Several Williams employees 
volunteered at the event and participated in the event’s 
parade. In addition, Williams’ Environmental Permitting 
department began a new partnership with the Euchee 
Butterfly Farm’s Natives Raising Natives program in 
2022. Through this partnership, Williams has 
participated in events with tribal members and has 
awarded grant money to the program for the 
preservation of native seed species that are critical for 
food and pollination.
Williams also funded a multi-year grant for IllumiNative, 
a Native woman-led social progress organization, and 
sponsored the American Indian Science and 
Engineering Society (AISES) annual conference. The 
AISES conference is a virtual networking event aimed 
at increasing the representation of Indigenous Peoples 
of North America in STEM studies and careers. For 
more information on community giving at Williams, see 
Community Investment.
It is so important for Corporations like Williams to 
partner with the Greater Tulsa Area Indian Affairs to 
help put on Tulsa Native American Day. Without 
corporate America, the City of Tulsa could not put on 
this day to celebrate our culture and heritage. We 
appreciate our corporate partners so much!
CHERYL COHENOUR, GREATER TULSA AREA INDIAN AFFAIRS COMMISSIONER
“
”
Raven Girty, Business Analyst, at the Tulsa Native American Day Parade.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
93
Strengthening Communities

Appendix
WILLIAMS WILL BE THERE
Company Overview Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy Minimizing Our Footprint Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure Building an Empowered Workforce Strengthening Communities About This Report
Williams’ 2022 Sustainability Report addresses our policies, 
programs, practices and performance across environmental, 
social and governance areas.
Near Transco Pipeline Station 610 in Millerville, Pennsylvania.
94AppendixWilliams 2022 Sustainability Report

About This Report
GRI 2-1, 2-2, 2-3, 2-4, 2-5, 3-1, 3-2
Materiality Assessment
Williams determined the ESG topics discussed in this 
report through a materiality assessment completed in 
March 2023. Please note that materiality, as discussed 
in this section, is used for the purposes of this report 
and is not synonymous with the definition of materiality 
applied by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC). Our reports and other documents 
filed with the SEC adhere to the SEC’s rules and 
standards, which differ from the standards, goals, and 
disclosures discussed in this sustainability report.
We engaged internal and external stakeholders as part 
of an analysis of ESG impacts along with risks and 
opportunities for Williams. This process applied the 
GRI stakeholder inclusiveness and materiality 
principles, including GRI’s definition of “material.” GRI 
defines material topics as those “that reflect the 
organization’s most significant impacts on the 
economy, environment, and people, including 
impacts on human rights.” 
Our process began with identifying an initial list 
of potential topics, developed with reference to 
Williams’ previously materiality assessments, 
desktop research and benchmarking. This process 
included an external landscape trends analysis 
to identify relevant industry and global economic 
sustainability trends. We then conducted interviews 
and analyzed supplemental written sources to gather 
the perspectives of internal leadership, board 
members, customers, investors, regulators, industry 
associations and community organizations. This 
allowed us to prioritize topics based on relative 
impact, risk and opportunity as perceived by 
Williams’ stakeholders. Williams’ board participated 
in this materiality assessment, and Williams senior 
management participated in the validation of the 
materiality assessment results.
In this report, we refer to “material topics” as 
the 11 topics ranked highest during our materiality 
assessment; we also discuss a variety of additional 
topics that are also important to Williams and 
our stakeholders. 
Material Topic Description Key Stakeholder
Energy Transition  
& Low Carbon 
Economy
Contributing to a low-carbon economy by deploying new 
technologies and decarbonizing energy sources, including but 
not limited to carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS), 
renewable natural gas, hydrogen, and biofuel. This topic covers 
Williams’ strategy in relation to the transition to a low-carbon 
economy and the impacts of that transition. Understanding the 
impacts that alternative fuel sources, technological advances, 
and renewable sources of energy could have in reducing 
demand for natural gas in Williams’ markets. Supporting the 
reduction of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions in Williams’ 
value chain, including emissions associated with consumer use 
of products and procurement of materials and services. 
Utilization of carbon prices to forecast the effects of possible 
future government emission restrictions (such as mandatory 
carbon pricing) or levels of demand scenarios can help inform 
companies’ investment decision-making, risk assessment and 
adaptation processes.
Company leaders; 
Board of directors; 
Customers; Industry 
associations; Regulators; 
Communities; Investors
Stakeholder 
Relations
Managing public perception, education, and stakeholder 
relationships in a manner that recognizes stakeholder 
expectations, reinforces Williams’ social license to operate, 
communicates the importance of natural gas in the low carbon 
economy, and fosters transparent and informed dialogue. 
Representing Williams’ operations and activities fairly by avoiding 
greenwashing and disingenuous shows of environmental 
concern to evade public criticism. Managing customer 
experience and satisfaction. Maintaining successful partnerships 
with landowners that grant Williams permanent easements by 
engaging in proactive communication, providing reasonable 
financial compensation, and respectfully operating on private 
property. Cultivating and maintaining positive relations with local 
communities where Williams operates through town halls, 
language interpretation, key partnerships, grievance 
mechanisms, and transparent communications.
Regulators; Customers; 
Company leaders; 
Board of directors; 
Industry associations; 
Communities
Operational 
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions
Reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions from 
Williams’ own operations by enhancing operational efficiency, 
reducing energy use, and increasing renewable energy use to 
power operations. Includes a focus on reducing fugitive methane 
emissions associated with natural gas transport.
Regulators; Industry 
associations; Investors; 
Board of Directors; 
Company leaders; 
Customers
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
95
Appendix

Material Topic Description Key Stakeholder
Energy Access, 
Affordability & 
Reliability
Providing access to affordable natural gas, which can positively 
impact local economies and improve living standards by 
providing a clean and reliable source of energy for residential, 
commercial and power generating uses and provide reliability 
as a backup energy source as the world shifts to more 
renewable energy. Monitoring and adapting to geopolitical 
issues, such as armed conflict, that impact the broader energy 
market and could impact Williams’ ability to ensure energy 
affordability and reliability.
Company leaders; 
Regulators; Customers; 
Board of Directors; 
Industry associations
Public Policy Changes in the political and regulatory environments and their 
impact on Williams’ current and future business. Williams’ 
participation in the development of sound local, state and 
federal energy policy through industry groups and direct 
engagement with relevant public officials. The topic includes 
participation and representation in industry associations to share 
best practices, develop industry standards, and expand our 
public and political advocacy. Efficient management of 
payments to governments and political contributions, including 
Williams’ practices related to payments to governments and 
approach to transparency of such payments.
Board of directors; 
Company leaders; 
Customers; Regulators; 
Communities; Investors
Employee 
Attraction, 
Retention & 
Development
Attracting and retaining employees by offering competitive 
compensation and benefits, developing a robust talent pipeline, 
and promoting employee engagement through initiatives such 
as remote working policies, flexible work hours, etc. Providing 
training, growth opportunities, including regular performance 
reviews, leadership development programs, and employee 
resource groups. Strengthening Williams’ talent management 
strategy to maintain a best-in-class workforce. Committing to 
employment security and responsible workforce restructuring.
Board of directors; 
Company leaders; 
Investors; Communities; 
Industry associations
Pipeline & 
Asset Integrity
Upholding the integrity of pipeline systems through effective 
controls and digital monitoring systems such as LiDAR, and 
aerial inspections to the uncontrolled release of hydrocarbons 
and hazardous substances at Williams’ facilities. Preventing 
spills to water and soil, and releases from Williams’ operations 
through strong operating practices and compliance with 
applicable regulations. Implementing processes and 
procedures to effectively respond to a spill event, reporting 
instances of non-compliance, and maintaining up-to-date spill 
prevention plans.
Customers; Board of 
directors; Company 
leaders; Investors; 
Industry associations; 
Communities
Material Topic Description Key Stakeholder
Workforce Safety Designing and operating Williams’ facilities and systems to 
proactively manage process safety risks while complying with all 
applicable regulations industry standards, and operating 
principles. Providing employees and contractors with health and 
safety education, training and the tools needed to do their job 
safely. Prioritizing and promoting a robust safety culture. Utilizing 
automation and AI to aid workers with identifying hazards and to 
aid leaders in interpreting risk areas and supporting the safety of 
their teams.
Board of directors; 
Company leaders; 
Investors; Customers
Public Safety Social impacts caused by asset failure, including explosions near 
high consequence areas, accidents resulting in loss of life, and 
the personal safety of people in communities located near 
Williams’ pipelines. Providing public awareness initiatives to 
prevent unintended or unsafe contact with natural gas or other 
product lines and equipment associated with Williams’ facilities 
and operations. Mitigating accidental damage caused by 
Williams’ activities, such as vehicle use, construction and 
maintenance, through collaboration with local groups and 
government. Educating the public on steps to prevent and 
respond safely to a pipeline emergency or critical incident. 
Implementing efforts to protect workers and community 
members against infectious and non-communicable diseases.
Board of directors; 
Investors; Communities; 
Company leaders; 
Industry associations; 
Customers
Cybersecurity Managing the evolving risks of cyberattacks on Williams’ 
assets and business-critical information and protecting data 
privacy through policies, training programs, audits and risk 
assessments. Safeguarding technology is critical to 
providing services for Williams’ customers and protecting 
business-sensitive and personal information that is 
entrusted to the company.
Board of directors; 
Company leaders; 
Regulators; Industry 
associations
Diversity & Inclusion Promoting diversity, equity and inclusion across Williams’ 
operations at all levels of the organization, including at the Board 
of Directors and management level, through direct hiring 
practices and initiatives to develop a diverse talent pipeline. 
Providing equal opportunity in development and supporting 
diverse business resource groups.
Communities; Industry 
associations; Investors; 
Company leaders; Board 
of directors
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
96
Appendix

Williams develops an annual sustainability report using 
both qualitative descriptions and quantitative metrics 
to describe our policies, programs, practices and 
performance in environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) areas. This 2022 Sustainability Report covers 
Williams’ operations from January 1 through 
December 31, 2022, unless otherwise noted. The 
report reflects the most accurate information available 
at the time of publishing. In this report, Williams (which 
includes The Williams Companies, Inc., and our 
subsidiaries) is at times referred to in the first person 
as “we,” “our” or “the company.” 
In 2023, we conducted independent third-party limited 
assurance for select 2022 greenhouse gas emissions, 
pipeline integrity and safety data. Our internal audit 
team also reviewed the supporting documentation for 
the data and verified the evidence. See our ERM CVS 
Assurance Statement in the Independent Assurance 
Statement section for more information. 
Williams referenced the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Standards and the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to guide the 
Report Details
development of our 2022 Sustainability Report. This report 
has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards 
2021, including GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector Standard.
We considered key reporting principles at each stage in 
the report development process, including the GRI 1 
principles of accuracy, balance, clarity, comparability, 
completeness, sustainability context, timeliness and 
verifiability. The report content reflects our most important 
sustainability topics prioritized through our materiality 
assessment, updated in March 2023. Additionally, the 
report addresses numerous other topics of interest to a 
broad range of our stakeholders. We welcome your 
questions, comments and feedback on this report by 
contacting WilliamsCompanies@williams.com. 
We continue to publish the online version of this report 
using digital accessibility best practices by adjusting the 
reading order to better serve screen readers, adding 
alternative text for images and checking for adequate 
color contrast. These additions serve to increase the 
accessibility of our report for blind and color-blind 
individuals, helping to demonstrate our commitment to 
improving our D&I practices.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report 97Appendix

Performance Data Table 
Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Environmental Metrics 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions & Energy Use
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions[1] million metric tons CO2e 11.74 12.19† 11.44† 11.27† 12.09*
Carbon dioxide, CO2 (excluding emissions from exported power and heat) million metric tons CO2e 9.10 9.46 9.14 9.14 9.85
Methane, CH4 million metric tons CO2e 2.64 2.73 2.30 2.13 2.23
Nitrous oxide, N2O million metric tons CO2e 0.0047 0.0048 0.0047 0.0047 0.0051
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, percent methane[1] percent 22% 22% 20% 19%† 18%*
Scope 1 carbon emissions intensity[2]  CO2e/million USD revenue 1,352 1,487 1,482 1,060 1,103
Scope 1 methane (CH4) emissions metric tons 105,354 109,023 91,849 85,047 89,395
[1]  Gross direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas emissions in millions of metric tons of CO2-equivalent (CO2e). The consolidation approach is operational control and includes CO2, CH4 and N2O. Emissions are based on calendar years. Emissions from facilities that are applicable under the U.S. EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
(GHGRP) are calculated using the GHGRP methodology. Emissions from facilities that are not applicable to the GHGRP due to reporting thresholds are calculated referencing GHGRP and ONE Future protocols. In accordance with ONE Future’s updated (2022) protocol, Scope 1 emissions for 2022 incorporate AP-42 methane slip 
emission factors for reciprocating engines. Scope 1 emissions for 2022 include two additional new sources: offshore blowdowns and other large release events. Scope 1 emissions for 2018–2021 have been restated to include AP-42 methane slip emission factors, offshore blowdowns, and other large release events for comparison. 
Methane emissions that aren’t applicable under GHGRP or ONE Future protocol (offshore blowdowns and other large release events for 2018–2022) are calculated using GHGRP protocols or best engineering practice. Data excludes emissions from company vehicles. Global Potential Warming rates are 25 for CH4 and 298 for N2O. 
Williams does not produce biogenic gases from its direct operations. Williams does not produce hydrochlorofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, sulfur hexafluoride or nitrogen trifluoride emissions. 
[2]  Gross direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of CO2-equivalent (CO2e), divided by total revenue in million USD. Greenhouse gas emissions include CO2, CH4 and N2O. Revenue is based off Total Revenues as reported in the 2022 10-K Filing. In 2022, Williams acquired Trace Midstream (April) and NorTex 
Midstream (August). Although we did not own these assets the full year, Williams included the entire RY2022 GHG emissions from these assets in our GHG reporting. Williams did not have revenue generated from these assets until after their respective acquisitions were closed. This increase in emissions per revenue is skewed by 
the accounting of emissions and revenues for different time scales, as required by reporting convention. It is anticipated that the emissions per revenue metric of these assets to be lower in subsequent years. In 2022, Williams updated our Scope 1 emissions calculation methodology to incorporate AP-42 methane slip emission 
factors for reciprocating engines, as well as including emissions from two new sources: offshore blowdowns and other large release events. Carbon emissions intensity metrics for 2018-2021 have been restated to include AP-42 methane slip emission factors, offshore blowdowns, and other large release events.
Note: Metrics included in the Performance Data Table do not include MountainWest assets. 
*Denotes data assured by ERM CVS 
†Denotes restated methane-related data assured by ERM CVS
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
98
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
ONE Future methane intensity, percent gathering and boosting[3] percent 0.078% 0.071% 0.064% 0.051% 0.046%
ONE Future methane intensity, percent processing[3] percent 0.030% 0.025% 0.025% 0.025% 0.025%
ONE Future methane intensity, percent transmission and underground storage[3] percent 0.037% 0.038% 0.027% 0.026% 0.026%
GHG (CO2e) intensity per natural gas throughput[4] million metric tons CO2e/MMscf 1.14 1.11 1.05 0.98 0.95
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions[5] million metric tons CO2e 1.15 1.55* 1.50* 1.66* 1.78*
Sum of Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions[5], [6] million metric tons CO2e 12.89 13.74† 12.93† 12.93† 13.87*
Sum of Scope 1 and Scope 2 methane emissions[5], [6] million metric tons CO2e 2.6400 2.7300 2.3000 2.1300† 2.2382*
Consumption of purchased or acquired electricity[7] billion kilowatt-hours 2.204 3.234 3.421 4.077 4.176
Total renewable energy consumption (electricity plus fuel) MWh N/A 405,081 410,628 505,958 538,434
Percent electricity used that is renewable power[8] percent N/A 12.5% 12.0% 12.4% 12.9%
Total non-renewable energy consumption (electricity plus fuel) MWh N/A 47,223,518 45,501,964 46,889,218 50,331,087
Total energy consumption (Renewable and Non-Renewable; electricity plus fuel) MWh N/A 47,628,600 45,912,593 47,395,176 50,869,520
[3]  ONE Future methane intensities are expressed as a percent to align with ONE Future’s goal to achieve an average rate of methane emissions across the entire natural gas value chain that is 1% or less of total (gross) natural gas production. ONE Future has also broken down this 1% goal into sub-goals for each sector of the oil and gas 
industry. Williams has committed to the ONE Future 2025 methane intensity goals for industry sectors of 0.080% for gathering and boosting, 0.111% for processing and 0.301% for transmission and storage. ONE Future methane intensity metrics in this data table are by Williams’ segment, and are calculated in accordance with the ONE 
Future methodology,including methane slip for reciprocating engines. 2018–2021 metrics were restated in 2022 to include methane slip for reciprocating engines. Units are mass of methane emitted per mass of methane throughput. Intensity is based on company-specific methane throughput and is not adjusted to gross production.
[4] Total company Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions in metric tons of CO2e from gathering, processing, and transmission segments divided by the sum of natural gas (in MMscf) transported in all three segments.
[5]  Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions in millions of metric tons of CO2-equivalent (CO2e). The consolidation approach is operational control. 2022 emissions were calculated using U.S. EPA Power Profiler Emissions Tool 2021, using emission factors from U.S. EPA eGRID2021 multiplied by kWh 
energy use for all assets that Williams operates. 2021 emissions were calculated using eGRID 2020, 2020 emissions using eGRID2019, 2019 emissions using eGRID2018, and 2018 emissions using eGRID2016, which was the tool available at time of calculation. In 2022, Williams began including corporate office buildings in its 
scope 2 emissions reporting.
[6]  Gross direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas emissions in millions of metric tons of CO2-equivalent (CO2e). The consolidation approach is operational control and includes CO2, CH4 and N2O. Emissions are based on calendar years. Emissions from facilities that are applicable under the U.S. EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
(GHGRP) are calculated using the GHGRP methodology. Emissions from facilities that are not applicable to the GHGRP due to reporting thresholds are calculated referencing GHGRP and ONE Future protocols. In accordance with ONE Future’s updated (2022) protocol, Scope 1 emissions for 2022 incorporate AP-42 methane slip 
emission factors for reciprocating engines. Scope 1 emissions for 2022 include two additional new sources: offshore blowdowns and other large release events. Scope 1 emissions for 2018–2021 have been restated to include AP-42 methane slip emission factors, offshore blowdowns, and other large release events for comparison. 
Methane emissions that aren’t applicable under GHGRP or ONE Future protocol (offshore blowdowns and other large release events for 2018–2022) are calculated using GHGRP protocols or best engineering practice. Data excludes emissions from company vehicles. Global Potential Warming rates are 25 for CH4 and 298 for N2O. 
Williams does not produce biogenic gases from its direct operations. Williams does not produce hydrochlorofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, sulfur hexafluoride or nitrogen trifluoride emissions.
[7] Figure represents Williams owned and operated assets, and as of 2022 includes Williams corporate offices.
[8]  In 2022, percent of purchased electricity that was renewable power was calculated using percent renewables factors from U.S. EPA eGRID2021 multiplied by kWh energy use for all assets in each subregion. The renewable energy usage in all regions was summed and divided by the total kWh energy use for all assets that Williams 
owns and operates, including corporate office buildings, to get a company-wide percent of renewable power.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
99
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Energy consumption intensity (electricity plus fuel)[9] MWh/million USD revenue N/A N/A N/A N/A 4,639
Gas flaring[10] thousands of metric tons N/A 130.60 134.47 168.95 156.75
Air Emissions
Sulfur dioxide (SO2) emitted[11] tons 488 394 421 430 466
Nitrogen oxides (NOX) emitted[11] tons 29,697 32,196 27,809 28,177 29,576
Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emitted[11] tons 9,353 9,208 8,757 7,975 8,648
Persistent organic pollutants emitted[11] tons 0 0 0 0 0
Hazardous air pollutants[11] tons N/A 2,655 2,444 2,088 2,379
Particulate matter emitted[11] tons N/A 1,156 1,057 1,024 1,237
Sulfur dioxides emission intensity[12] kg/million USD revenue 51 47 49 37 39
Nitrogen oxides emission intensity[12] kg/million USD revenue 3,102 3,561 3,548 2,405 2,447
Volatile organic compounds emission intensity[12] kg/million USD revenue 977 1,019 1,029 681 715
Hydrocarbon Spills
Number of reportable spills and releases[13] number 102 83 56 80 90
Volume of reportable spills to soil or water[13] thousands of barrels 1.118 0.598 0.382 0.740 0.666
Number of reportable spills to soil or water[13] number 53 54 36 37 47
[9] Total energy consumption within the organization (renewable and non-renewable) in MWh. Revenue is based off Total Revenues as reported in the 2022 10-K Filing.
[10] Data represents metric tons of waste gas and pilot gas routed to a flare. 2021 restatement of gas flaring reflects correction of flared emissions for a processing facility. 
[11]  Emissions are calculated according to permit requirements. If no annual emissions inventory or rolling 12-month emissions recordkeeping is required, the facilities’ permitted potential to emit was used in its place. These emissions are from operations we own and operate and exclude office buildings, fleets and offshore assets. Particulate 
matter data represents the total of PM2.5 + PM10. Williams does not report data aligned with IPIECA’s Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary Sustainability Reporting. In 2022, Williams restated 2019 SO2 and 2020 NOX emissions to reflect emissions reported to regulatory agency after original CSR publication date.   
[12]  Emissions are calculated according to permit requirements, normalized by dollars of revenue. If no annual emissions inventory or rolling 12-month emissions recordkeeping is required, the facilities’ permitted potential to emit was used in its place. These emissions are from operations we own and operate and exclude office 
buildings, fleets and offshore assets. Revenue is based off Total Revenues as reported in the 2022 10-K Filing.
[13]  Agency reportable is defined as requiring reporting to federal, state or local agency. In 2020, we restated 2018 and 2019 number of reportable spills and releases, volume of reportable spills to soil or water, and number of reportable spills to soil or water in this report. This was to include spills that had been reported to the 
appropriate agencies, but not included in internal reporting.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
100
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Number of reportable hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl[14] number 9 8 4 2  5 
Volume of reportable hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl[14] thousands of barrels 0.512 0.068 0.031 0.046 0.025
Number of hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl[15] number 11 11 9 8 7
Volume of hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl[15] thousands of barrels 0.595 0.075 0.058 0.064 0.028
Volume of hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl recovered[15] thousands of barrels 0.290 0.061 0.050 0.059 0.021
Environmental Compliance & Biodiversity
Number of environmental-related notices of noncompliance[16] number 26 18 21 22 19
Spending on environmental penalties and fines[17] dollars (USD) 351,150 98,639 836,544 29,528 27,893
Environmental accrual for remediation[18] million USD 36.7 33.5 33.9 31.0 41.3
Number of active remediation sites managed by Williams number 75 110 106 93 94
Total terrestrial acreage disturbed[19] acres N/A 24,132 7,851 602 2,395
Total terrestrial acreage restored[20] acres N/A N/A 2,739 2,625 1,092
Percent of land owned, leased or operated within areas of 
protected conservation status or endangered species habitat[21] 
percent N/A 12.1% 12.3% 12.2% 12.0 %
[14] Spills include reportable spills only, greater than 1 barrel, containing hydrocarbons. Williams has no operations in the Arctic. In 2020, we restated 2018 and 2019 numbers and volumes of reportable hydrocarbon spills, which resulted in decreases in our number and volume of reportable hydrocarbon spills.
[15]  Spills include all spills greater than 1 barrel containing hydrocarbons that impacted the environment. Williams has no operations in the Arctic. Williams had no hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl in Unusually Sensitive Areas in 2022. Williams did not experience any accident releases or non-accident releases from rail transportation in 2022. 
[16]  Williams’ Environmental Notice of Violation Process WIMS Operating Requirement defines an Notice of Violation as “a written notice of a regulatory violation or non-compliance issue received from an appropriate Regulatory Authority. An NOV may or may not include the assessment of an associated penalty.” In 2022, we restated the 
number of environmental-related notices of non-compliance for 2021. This was to include a notice of noncompliance that was recorded in Maximo after the 2021 Sustainability Report was finalized.
[17] Dollar amount paid in the reporting year including penalties and fines for notices of non-compliance that may have occurred in previous years.
[18] Accrued liabilities related to environmental clean-up, remediation and monitoring activities.
[19] Land disturbed total is calculated using total owned acreage for aboveground facilities. Rights-of-way are assumed to be restored according to federal, state and other agency requirements post-construction.
[20] Land restored total is calculated using total project area acreage that is tracked by each permit specialist in the environmental permit tracking tool. Rights-of-way are assumed to be restored according to federal, state and other agency requirements post-construction.
[21]  Percentage includes aboveground facilities and pipeline rights-of-way assumed to be 100 ft wide within 5 km of an area that is protected conservation or endangered species habitat. GIS layers used include U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service (FWS) Threatened & Endangered Species Critical Habitat, National Marine Fisheries Service 
(NMFS) Threatened & Endangered Species Critical Habitat, FWS National Wilderness boundaries and Williams asset data. In 2021, Williams restated this percentage for years 2019 and 2020 due to errors in previous year’s calculations of Williams’ total footprint.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
101
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Number of International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List Species in 
Williams’ areas of operation[22] 
number 140 155 132 129 167
Critically endangered number 26 28 26 26 34
Endangered number 42 47 40 43 56
Vulnerable number 30 34 28 30 42
Near threatened number 12 16 17 14 17
Least concern number 30 30 16 16 18
Other
Materials recycled at Tulsa headquarters[23] tons N/A 23 45 34 40
Metric ton-kilometers of natural gas transported by pipeline[24] billion metric ton-kilometers N/A N/A 4,550 5,092 5,545
Social Metrics
Communities
Community investments million USD 10.2 9.7 10.8 12.1 14.2
Total cash donations million USD 10.0 9.6 10.7 11.7 13.8
Value of in-kind donations million USD 0.17 0.12 0.10 0.46 0.43
Value of time contributed by employees[25] million USD 0.66 0.84 0.52 0.66 0.63
Number of incidents of violations involving the rights of Indigenous Peoples[26] number 0 0 0 0 0
[22] Data collected using the U.S. FWS’s Information for Planning and Consultation online tool.
[23] Recycled materials include paper, plastic and cardboard recycling collected at the One Williams Center headquarters.
[24]  Sum of the product of billion metric tons of natural gas transported through gathering pipelines times kilometers of gathering pipelines, and product of billion metric tons of natural gas transported through transmission pipelines times kilometers of transmission pipelines. Years prior to 2022 have been restated to meet this 
convention. Crude oil and refined petroleum products are excluded as they are de minimis. Pipeline transportation represents the predominant mode of transport and the vast majority of all products transported by Williams.
[25] Volunteer hours are calculated using a rate of $29.95 x 20,999 hours (Independent Sector, April 2022).
[26] Number is based on number of violations of rights of Indigenous People in calendar year.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
102
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Health & Safety
Lost-time incident rate (LTIR) — employees[27] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.25 0.06* 0.48* 0.67* 0.16*
Lost-time incident rate (LTIR) — contractors[28] rate per 200,000 work hours N/A 0.09 0.11 0.03 0.18
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) — employees[29] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.85 0.55* 1.05* 1.23* 0.64*
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) — contractors[30] rate per 200,000 work hours N/A 0.83 0.54 0.31 0.53
Number of contractor recordable accidents[30] number N/A 46 19 9 15
Number of days away, restricted or transferred (DART)[31] number 985 488 1,108 960 670
Rate of days away, restricted or transferred (DART)[32] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.35 0.18 0.50 0.82 0.31
Number of high-consequence work-related injuries — employees[33] number 3 0 0 1 0
Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries — employees[34] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.06 0.00 0.00 0.02 0.00
Number of recordable work-related injuries — employees[34] number 45 29 50 59 31
Rate of recordable work-related injuries — employees[34] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.87 0.57 1.08 1.26 0.65
[27]  Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Company employees and non-employee hours and injuries/illnesses are included. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee. Data calculated 
based on 200,000 hours worked. Includes fatalities.
[28] Contractors are employed by a third-party company that provides specific services to Williams pursuant to an agreement under which the third-party company retains the right to control the means and manner of achieving the contracted-for services. Data calculated based on 200,000 hours worked. Excludes fatalities.
[29]  Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Company employees and non-employee hours and injuries/illnesses are included. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee. Data calculated 
based on 200,000 hours worked. Includes fatalities. The 2018 TRIR — employees metric was restated due to a prior mathematical error.
[30] Contractors are employed by a third-party company that provides specific services to Williams pursuant to an agreement under which the third-party company retains the right to control the means and manner of achieving the contracted-for services.
[31] DART numbers listed include employee and non-employee days away, restricted or transferred. Data calculated based on 200,000 hours worked. Includes fatalities.
[32] DART rate includes employee and non-employee days away, restricted or transferred. Data calculated based on 200,000 hours worked. Includes fatalities.
[33] Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Company employees injuries/illnesses are included.
[34] Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Company employee hours and injuries/illnesses are included. Data calculated based on 200,000 hours worked. Includes fatalities.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
103
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Number of high-consequence work-related injuries — non-employee workers[35] number 0 0 0 0 0
Rate of high-consequence work-related injuries — non-employee workers[36] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Number of recordable work-related injuries — non-employee workers[35] number 0 0 0 0 0
Rate of recordable work-related injuries — non-employee workers[36] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Number of fatalities — employees[37] number 0 0* 0* 0* 0*
Employee fatality rate per 1,000 employees[37] rate per 1,000 employees 0.00 0.00 0.00* 0.00* 0.00*
Employee fatality rate per 200,000 work hours[37] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.00 0.00* 0.00* 0.00* 0.00*
Number of fatalities — contractors[38] number 0 0 1 0 0
Non-employee worker fatality rate[36] rate per 200,000 work hours 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Number of fatalities — third-party[39] number 0 0 0 0 0
Number of fatalities — non-employee workers[40] number 0 0* 0* 0* 0*
The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health: employees[41] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 0
The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health: employees[42] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 1
The number of fatalities as a result of work-related ill health: workers who are not employees 
but whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization[43] 
number N/A N/A N/A N/A 0
[35] Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Non-employee injuries/illnesses are included. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee.
[36]  Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Non-employee hours and injuries/illnesses are included. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee. Data calculated based on 200,000 hours 
worked. Includes fatalities.
[37] Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee. 
[38] Contractors are employed by a third-party company that provides specific services to Williams pursuant to an agreement under which the third-party company retains the right to control the means and manner of achieving the contracted-for services.
[39] Third-party fatalities are those that are not employees, contractors or non-employee workers who have died on a company site or on a company facility or as a result of company operations.
[40] Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Company employees and non-employee hours and injuries/illnesses are included. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee.
[41] Incidents include work-related, fatality illnesses for employees only. 2022 is the first year reporting this metric for ESG.
[42] Incidents include recordable illnesses for employees only. 2022 is the first year reporting this metric for ESG.
[43] Incidents include work-related, fatality illnesses for non-employees only. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee. 2022 is the first year reporting this metric for ESG.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
104
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
The number of cases of recordable work-related ill health: workers who are not employees but 
whose work and/or workplace is controlled by the organization[44] 
number N/A N/A N/A N/A 0
Number of hours worked — employees[45] number 10,307,130 10,243,612* 9,254,759* 9,345,181* 9,512,397*
Number of hours worked — non-employee workers[46] number 327,882 306,112 231,468 225,370 238,161
Preventable motor vehicle accident rate — employees[47] rate per 1,000,000 miles 1.9 2.27 1.83 1.67 1.89
Pipeline Performance
Number of Tier 1 process safety events[48] number 29 16 13 9 15
Total number of Tier 2 process safety events[49] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 30
Tier 1 process safety events by business activity: Gathering & Processing[50] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 10
Tier 2 process safety events by business activity: Gathering & Processing[49] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 24
Tier 1 process safety events by business activity: Transmission & Gulf of Mexico[50] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 5
Tier 2 process safety events by business activity: Transmission & Gulf of Mexico[49] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 6
Total loss of primary containment events[51] number N/A N/A 2,223 1,945* 1,870*
Loss of primary containment year-to-year change[51] percent N/A N/A N/A −13% −4%
Number of Department of Transportation reportable releases as a result of third-party damages number 0 0 0 0 2
[44] Incidents include recordable illnesses for non-employees only. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee. 2022 is the first year reporting this metric for ESG.
[45] Company employees hours.
[46] Non-employee hours. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee.
[47]  Company employees and non-employee PMVAs and mileage are included. Non-employee workers are supplied by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee. A preventable incident is one in which the driver failed to do everything 
reasonable to avoid the incident and could include: backing, hitting a fixed object, rear-ending a vehicle, striking a pedestrian, misjudging available clearance and not driving at a speed consistent with the existing conditions of the road, weather, traffic or sight distance.
[48] Process Safety Tier 1 Data based on American Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 754 guidance.
[49] Process Safety Tier 2 Data based on American Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 754 guidance. 2022 is the first year reporting this metric for ESG.
[50] Process Safety Tier 1 Data based on American Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 754 guidance. 2022 is the first year reporting this metric for ESG.
[51] In 2020, Williams began tracking Loss of Primary Containment data aligning with American Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 754 guidance.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
105
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Number of reportable pipeline incidents[52] number 4 10 9* 11* 18*
Percent of reportable pipeline incidents considered significant[53] percent 50% 50% 44%* 64%* 56%*
Miles of natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines inspected[54] miles 4,374.8 3,872.4 2,360.4 3,016.7 3,199.6
Percent of natural gas pipelines inspected[55] percent 28.4% 23.1% 13.2%* 21.2%* 9.4%*
Percent of hazardous liquid pipelines inspected[56] percent 13.3 % 26.2 % 22.2%* 4.6%* 21.3%*
Number of pipeline assessments that required no remediation in High Consequence Areas[57] 
Gas number 42 51 52 30 87
Liquid number 7 11 7 1 23
Employment & Diversity
Number of new-hire employees number 583 389 279 471 637
Percent of new-hires from the Atlantic-Gulf region percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 40%
Percent of new-hires from the Northeast region percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 18%
[52]  Natural Gas Incidents and Hazardous Liquid accidents (as defined in U.S. 49 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 191.3 and U.S. 49 CFR Part 195.50 respectively) must be reported to the National Response Center, followed later by subsequent incident/accident report forms to Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA).
[53]  PHMSA defines “Significant Incidents” as those including any of the following conditions: (1) Fatality or injury requiring in-patient hospitalization; (2) $50,000 or more in total costs, measured in 1984 dollars; (3) Highly volatile liquid releases of 5 barrels or more or other liquid releases of 50 barrels or more; and (4) Liquid releases resulting 
in an unintentional fire or explosion.
[54]  The assessment data for the Sustainability Report was pulled from the company’s Baseline Assessment Plan (BAP). The BAP fulfills an Integrity Management requirement of both U.S. 49 CFR 192 and 195 and it is used to track Integrity Assessment(s). Miles of pipeline inspected include inspections done through all techniques, 
including direct assessments. Direct Assessments are done based on testing in certain sites that are deemed to be highest risk or highest potential for integrity concerns and the miles from the whole segment are assumed inspected  .
[55]  Natural gas pipeline is defined according to U.S. 49 CFR 192 as all parts of those physical facilities through which gas moves in transportation, including pipe, valves and other appurtenance attached to pipe, compressor units, metering stations, regulator stations, delivery stations, holders and fabricated assemblies. While PHMSA 
broadly defines natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines above, this metric specifically reflects the subset of pipelines that are included in the company’s Baseline Assessment Plan. This includes pipelines that are subject to Integrity Management regulations, in addition to other pipelines that the company has chosen to assess. The 
types of assessments performed include: Internal inspection tools capable of detecting corrosion, and any other threats to which a pipeline segment is susceptible; Pressure tests; Direct assessment to address threats of external corrosion, internal corrosion or stress corrosion cracking; Other technology that the company 
demonstrates can provide an equivalent understanding of the condition of the pipeline.
[56]  Hazardous liquid pipeline is defined per U.S. 49 CFR 195 as all parts of a pipeline facility through which a hazardous liquid or carbon dioxide moves in transportation, including, but not limited to, line pipe, valves and other appurtenances connected to line pipe, pumping units, fabricated assemblies associated with pumping units, 
metering and delivery stations and fabricated assemblies therein, and breakout tanks. While PHMSA broadly defines natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines above, this metric specifically reflects the subset of pipelines that are included in the company’s Baseline Assessment Plan. This includes pipelines that are subject to Integrity 
Management regulations, in addition to other pipelines that the company has chosen to assess. The types of assessments performed include: Internal inspection tools capable of detecting corrosion, and any other threats to which a pipeline segment is susceptible; Pressure tests; Direct assessment to address threats of external 
corrosion, internal corrosion or stress corrosion cracking; Other technology that the company demonstrates can provide an equivalent understanding of the condition of the pipeline.
[57] High Consequence Areas (HCAs) are populated areas, navigable waterways or environmentally sensitive areas that are adjacent to a pipeline and are at risk of damage in the event of a pipeline incident/accident. PHMSA defines natural gas HCAs in 49 CFR Part 192.903 and hazardous liquid HCAs in 49 CFR Part 195.450.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
106
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Percent of new-hires from the West region percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 17%
Percent of new-hires from the Tulsa Headquarters percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 25%
Percent of new-hires by gender: women percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 25%
Percent of new-hires by gender: men percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 75%
Percent of new-hires under 30 years old percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 30%
Percent of new-hires between 30–50 years old percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 59%
Percent of new-hires over 50 years old percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 11%
Voluntary turnover rate[58] rate 6.1 6.1 4.6 6.0 7.8
Employees that left the company involuntarily in 2022, 
expressed as a percentage of total employees
percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 1%
Voluntary employee turnover rate in the Atlantic-Gulf region percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 9%
Voluntary employee turnover rate in the Northeast region percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 7%
Voluntary employee turnover rate in the West region percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 9%
Voluntary employee turnover rate in the Tulsa Headquarters percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 6%
Voluntary employee turnover rate, by gender: women percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 8%
Voluntary employee turnover rate, by gender: men percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 8%
Voluntary employee turnover rate, by age group: under 30 years old percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 10%
Voluntary employee turnover rate, by age group: between 30–50 years old percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 7%
[58] Data includes employees voluntarily terminating from Williams, excluding any impacts from non-recurring programs or offerings.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
107
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Voluntary employee turnover rate, by age group: over 50 years old percentage N/A N/A N/A N/A 9%
Total number of temporary employees number 0 0 0 5 12
Percent of employees under collective bargaining agreements at year end percent 0% 0% 0% 0% 0%
Number of permanent employees at year end[59] number 5,337 4,793 4,729 4,814 5,023
Percent men percent 79% 80% 79% 78% 78%
Percent women percent 21% 20% 21% 22% 22%
Percent underrepresented ethnicity and race[60] percent 15% 14% 15% 16% 17%
Percent of technical and support roles held by men[61] percent 86% 88% 88% 88% 89%
Percent of professional and managerial roles held by men[62] percent 73% 72% 72% 71% 69%
Percent of technical and support roles held by women percent 14% 12% 12% 12%* 11%*
Percent of professional and managerial roles held by women percent 27% 28% 28% 29%* 31%*
Percent of technical and support roles held by underrepresented employees percent 13% 12% 12% 13%* 13%*
Percent of professional and managerial roles held by underrepresented employees percent 16% 16% 17% 19%* 20%*
Percent of professional roles held by underrepresented employees percent 18% 18% 18% 21% 22%
Percent of managerial roles held by underrepresented employees percent 12% 10% 10% 14% 15%
[59] The difference in total full-time employees and full-time employees broken down by gender is due to employees that have elected to not specify or disclose gender.
[60] Underrepresented ethnicity and race, and Underrepresented throughout this table, refers to employees of the following race/ethnicity: American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, or Two or More Races. 
[61]  Technical roles achieve results through individual and team-based contributions. They use operational and technical skills to support work done typically in a non-office setting, such as a pipeline station or processing facility. Support roles achieve results through individual and team-based contributions. They use technical and 
operations skills to support office-related or administrative work.
[62]  Professional roles primarily achieve results through individual contributions, internal consulting and project management. These roles typically require a relevant undergraduate degree and practical experience in a related field. Managerial roles primarily achieve results through others. These roles require skills in management and/or 
business knowledge. These roles are accountable for functional and/or program management and typically manage the work of two or more individuals. Managerial roles, unless otherwise specified, reflect all levels of management (junior, middle and senior).
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
108
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Percent of senior managerial roles held by underrepresented employees[63] percent 4% 9% 12% 12% 11%
Percent of managerial roles held by women or underrepresented employees percent 24% 23% 26% 30% 31%
Percent of managerial roles held by underrepresented women percent 3% 3% 3% 5% 5%
Percent of managerial roles held by underrepresented men percent 9% 7% 7% 9% 10%
Number of permanent employees by region[64] 
Atlantic-Gulf number 1,586 1,408 1,438 1,562 1,652
Northeast number 1,366 1,287 1,250 1,224 1,234
West number 1,192 1,007 928 912 931
Tulsa Headquarters number 1,193 1,091 1,113 1,116 1,206
Number of full-time employees by gender
Women number 1,107 979 958 1,024 1,083
Men number 4,176 3,813 3,747 3,757 3,905
Number of part-time employees by gender
Women number 30 26 22 19 22
Men number 3 3 0 3 5
[63] Senior managerial roles reflect executive positions at and above the Vice President level.
[64]  In 2021, Williams updated its methodology for counting permanent employees by region to better account for remote employees as well as geographic and organizational alignment. Historic data from 2018, 2019 and 2020 were restated accordingly in 2021. Remote employees are included in the region that best describes the 
Williams’ location(s) they support.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
109
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Percent of employees under 30 years old percent 11% 11% 10% 9% 10%
Percent of employees between 30–50 years old percent 53% 57% 60% 60% 59%
Percent of employees over 50 years old percent 36% 32% 30% 31% 30%
Corporate and technical training hours completed by employees thousands of hours 172 175 174 232 181
Corporate and technical training hours completed per employee hours 32 37 37 48 37
Corporate and technical training hours completed per employee, by gender: women hours N/A N/A N/A N/A 14
Corporate and technical training hours completed per employee, by gender: men[65] hours N/A N/A N/A N/A 43
Corporate and technical training hours completed per employee, by employee category: 
part-time
hours N/A N/A N/A N/A 10
Corporate and technical training hours completed per employee, by employee category: 
full-time
hours N/A N/A N/A N/A 37
Corporate and technical training expenditures million USD 3.54 3.77 1.69 2.14 3.13
Average amount spent per FTE on training and development dollars (USD) N/A N/A 360.00 444.54 638.00
Percent of employees who received a performance review[66] percent 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Total number of employees who took parental leave in 2022, by gender: women[67] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 35
Total number of employees who took parental leave in 2022, by gender: men[67] number N/A N/A N/A N/A 150
[65] Training hours are higher for male employees due to required annual training programs required of operational employees, and the higher proportion of male employees to females in operational roles.
[66] Data represents eligible employees. Ineligible employees include interns, employees on long-term disability leave and external new hires joining the organization on or after August 1 and thus deemed too new to assess.
[67] Includes employees that initiated paid parental leave in 2022—even if they have not yet returned from leave.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
110
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Total number of employees that returned to work in 2022 after parental leave ended, by 
gender: women[68] 
number N/A N/A N/A N/A 34
Total number of employees that returned to work in 2022 after parental leave ended, by 
gender: men[68]
number N/A N/A N/A N/A 147
Retention rate (still employed 12 months after leave) of employees who took parental leave, by 
gender: women[69] 
percent N/A N/A N/A N/A 97%
Retention rate (still employed 12 months after leave) of employees who took parental leave, by 
gender: men[69]
percent N/A N/A N/A N/A 98%
Governance Metrics
Spending on taxes[70] million USD 261.2 263.8 266.0 266.8 333.7
Percent votes for the company’s executive compensation program[71] percent 97% 97% 77% 94% 96%
Percent of employees that completed compliance and ethics training percent 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
Number of inquiries received through ethics reporting channels number 203 210 186 164 172
Number of inquiries received through ethics reporting channels by Code of Business Conduct category
Work environment number 134 134 92 91 121
Health, safety and the environment number 31 45 62 41 22
Conflicts of interest number 19 10 15 8 8
Protecting company assets number 19 21 17 24 21
[68] Includes all employees who returned to work in 2022, regardless of when parental leave was initiated.
[69] Includes employees who initiated parental leave in 2021 and returned to work on or before 12/31/2021.
[70]  Includes Social Security, Medicare, state franchise, property, state income, foreign income (new in 2022), federal income and state/federal/foreign transaction taxes. Property tax numbers reflect assets owned and operated by Williams and does not reflect JV ownership interest. Property taxes for 2022 calculated based on taxes 
paid in calendar year, whereas previous years reported property taxes paid on tax year basis. Federal transaction taxes: The Federal portion is primarily Federal Excise Tax and Federal PERC Fees. State transaction taxes: The State portion is primarily Sales/Use, OH CAT Tax, TX Utility Tax, and WV Motor Fuel Tax.
[71]  Percentage is calculated based on votes reported in the applicable Form 8-K and is defined as votes “for” divided by the sum of votes “for” plus votes “against.” Percentage is from the Annual Meeting that occurred the year of the report (i.e., for the 2022 Sustainability Report, it includes the results from the 2022 annual meeting of 
stockholders) not the most recent annual meeting of stockholders.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
111
Appendix

Metric Unit 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Number of inquiries received through ethics reporting channels by reporting channel[72] 
Human resources number 74 58 55 55 72
Action line number 51 32 15 17 14
Management number 40 70 74 50 46
Business ethics resources center number 5 6 4 1 4
Other reporting channels number 33 44 38 41 36
Percent of board members between 30–50 years old[73] percent 8% 8% 8% 8% 8%
Percent of board members over 50 years old[73] percent 92% 92% 92% 92% 92%
Female board members[73] percent 25% 25% 25% 25% 25%
Ethnically diverse board members[73] percent 8% 8% 8% 0% 8%
Percent of employees that completed cybersecurity training percent 99% 99% 100% 99% 97%
Monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated 
with federal pipeline and storage regulations
dollars (USD) 0 1,944,700 209,002 41,050 0
Legal and regulatory fines and settlements associated with 
violations of bribery, corruption or anti-competitive standards
dollars (USD) 0 0 0 0 0
[72] Other reporting channels include the Williams call center, social media and enterprise security.
[73]  Unless otherwise stated, percentages are determined as of December 31, 2022. Richard Muncrief and Jesse Tyson were appointed to the board effective March 1, 2022. Charles Cogut and Stephen Chazen retired from the board effective April 26, 2022. Effective February 10, 2023, Nancy Buese resigned from the board and the 
board appointed an additional female director, Carri Lockhart. As of the date of this report, female directors make up 25% of our board. Also, as of the date of this report, the Company has one ethnically diverse director, Mr. Tyson (African American), out of a total of 12, which equates to the board being comprised of approximately 
8% ethnically diverse directors. Ages are based on the director responses to the Company’s D&O Questionnaire at the end of 2022, which is completed annually by directors. Note that the information reported here differs from that reported in the Company’s proxy statement. For the proxy statement, age is determined as of the 
date of the annual meeting of stockholders and includes the directors appointed in March of 2023, and excludes the directors who retired after the April 25, 2023 annual meeting of stockholders.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
112
Appendix

COMMUNITY GROUPS, LANDOWNERS, 
INDIGENOUS POPULATIONS & NON-
GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS
Engagements in 2022
• Ongoing public awareness programs 
• Four in-person or virtual project open houses and 
222 meetings with stakeholders 
• Monthly newsletters 
• Weekly social media 
• Ongoing media campaigns 
• 901,702 total mailers sent 
• 24-hour control centers 
REGULATORS
Engagements in 2022
• Regular corporate communications 
• Recurring meetings with regulators at the state and 
federal levels
• 21,173 public awareness mailers to emergency 
response agencies 
• Monthly newsletters 
• Ongoing communications through our government 
affairs and outreach team 
SUPPLIERS
Engagements in 2022
• 270 supplier self-assessments 
• Regular supplier training programs 
• Onboarding and capturing diversity data through 
BlueSkies supplier portal 
• Ongoing supplier qualification process 
INDUSTRY ASSOCIATIONS
Engagements in 2022
• Board and/or committee leadership roles at 31 
industry associations 
• Regular workshops and meetings 
We value listening to stakeholder feedback and use it to improve our strategy and operations. In 2022, Williams 
engaged a diverse group of stakeholders, including employees, landowners, customers, industry and research 
associations, local communities, Native American tribes, investors and suppliers to understand different perspectives 
regarding our industry, business, operations and projects. Our objective is to maintain and strengthen relationships 
by understanding local needs, listening to stakeholder priorities and identifying opportunities to collaborate. We 
prioritize engagements with stakeholder groups that our operations directly affect. Williams regularly interacts with 
stakeholders using a variety of mechanisms, including in-person and virtual meetings, social media, open houses 
and community events.
2022 Stakeholder Engagements
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Engagements in 2022
• Annual strategy process 
• Regular management reports to board of directors 
• Quarterly board and committee meetings
EMPLOYEES
Engagements in 2022
• Daily online forums (Microsoft Teams 
channels, intranet) 
• Training programs 
• Town hall meetings with leadership 
• Annual performance reviews 
INVESTORS
Engagements in 2022
• Weekly investor calls and meetings 
• Annual Meeting of Stockholders 
• Ad hoc perception studies
• Institutional investor updates such as quarterly 
earning calls and an annual analyst day
• Eight in-person and three virtual investor 
conferences 
• 16 ESG-focused investor conference calls 
• Ongoing media campaigns 
CUSTOMERS
Engagements in 2022
• Annual digital brand survey 
• Ongoing media campaigns 
• Customer satisfaction survey 
• Regular one-on-one meetings 
• Conferences and industry events 
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
113
Appendix

Content Index
GRI Index
GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
General Disclosures
GRI 2: General Disclosures 2021 2-1 Organizational details a. The Williams Companies, Inc.
b. Delaware corporation
c. Headquarters: Tulsa, Oklahoma
d. Countries of operation: United States
2-2 Entities included in 
the organization’s 
sustainability reporting
a. Williams 2022 Form 10-K, p. 9–17
b.  The information reported in our 2022 Sustainability Report 
covers the same group of entities as covered in our 2022 
Form 10-K
c.  Williams 2022 Form 10-K, p. 81; The approach to 
consolidating information used in our financial statements 
is the same as in our sustainability disclosures, unless 
where otherwise indicated.
2-3 Reporting 
period, frequency, 
and contact point
a.  This 2022 Sustainability Report covers Williams’ operations 
from January 1, 2022, through December 31, 2022, unless 
where otherwise indicated. Williams’ sustainability 
reporting occurs on an annual basis.
b.  The reporting periods for Williams sustainability reporting 
and financial reporting are the same.
c.  Williams’ 2022 Sustainability Report published on 
July 27, 2023.
d.  Questions about this report can be directed to 
williamscompanies@williams.com.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
114
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
2-4 Restatements 
of information
 Restated Metrics located in the Performance Data Table. 
Metrics restated: 
a.  2018–2021 Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions data 
restated due to change in calculation methodology and 
addition of new emissions sources.
b.  2018–2021 Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions, percent 
methane restated due to change in calculation 
methodology and addition of new emissions sources.
c.  2018–2021 Scope 1 methane (CH4) emissions restated 
due to change in calculation methodology and addition of 
new emissions sources.
d.  2018–2021 Scope 1 carbon intensity restated due to 
change in calculation methodology and addition of new 
emissions sources.
e.  2018–2021 ONE Future Methane Intensities restated due 
to change in calculation methodology.
f.  2018–2021 Sum of Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions restated due to change in calculation 
methodology and addition of new emission sources. 
g.  2018–2021 Sum of Scope 1 and Scope 2 methane 
emissions restated due to change in calculation 
methodology and addition of new sources.
h.  2021 Gas flaring restated to reflect correction of flared 
emissions for a processing facility.
i.  2019 SO2 emissions restated to reflect emissions reported 
to regulatory agency after 2021 Sustainability Report 
publication date. 
j.  2020 NOX restated to reflect emissions reported to 
regulatory agency after original CSR publication date.
k.  2021 Number of environmental-related notices of 
noncompliance restated to include a notice of 
noncompliance entered into our system of record after the 
2021 Sustainability Report was finalized.
l.  2020–2021 Metric ton-kilometers of natural gas 
transported by pipeline restated due to updated 
calculation methodology.
m.    2018 Total recordable incident rate (TRIR) — employees 
restated due to previous mathematical error.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
115
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
2-5 External Assurance a.  At the request of the Board of Directors Audit Committee, 
independent assurance is obtained on select ESG metrics 
within the Sustainability Report. ERM CVS provided 
Limited Independent Assurance as described in the 
Assurance Letter section of this report.
b. Independent Assurance Statement
2-6 Activities, value 
chain, and other 
business relationships
a. Sector: Energy (Global Industry Classification Sector)
b.  About Williams, Supply Chain & Responsible Procurement, 
Williams 2022 Form 10-K, p. 5–9
c. Williams 2022 Form 10-K, p. 18
d. Williams 2022 Form 10-K, p. 94–97
2-7 Employees a. About Williams
b. About Williams
c.  Performance Data Table
d. About Williams
e.  Williams did not experience a significant fluctuation in our 
employee head count during FY 2022 or from FY 2021, 
defined as anything greater than or equal to 5% of our 
total head count.
2-8 Workers who 
are not employees
2-8 Information 
unavailable/incomplete
Williams cannot reasonably 
ascertain metrics on 
contractors and ‘non-
employees’ due to lacking a 
defined topic boundary and a 
developed process for 
collecting this type of data.
2-9 Governance structure 
and composition
a. Corporate Governance
a. Corporate Governance
b.  Corporate Governance; Performance Data Table; 
2023 Proxy Statement, p. 12–20
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
116
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
2-10 Nomination and 
selection of the highest 
governance body
a. Corporate Governance; 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 8–11
b. 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 8–12
2-11 Chair of the highest 
governance body
a. Corporate Governance
2-12 Role of the highest 
governance body in 
overseeing the 
management of impacts
a. Corporate Governance; 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 22–25
b. Sustainability Governance; 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 25
c. Sustainability Governance; 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 25
2-13 Delegation of 
Responsibility for 
managing impacts
a. Sustainability Governance; 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 25
b. Sustainability Governance; 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 25
2-14 Role of the highest 
governance body in 
sustainability reporting
a. Sustainability Governance; 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 25
Williams’ full Board is asked to review the Sustainability 
Report before publishing. The Director, ESG and VP , IR & 
ESG reviewed the results of the Materiality Assessment with 
the Governance and Sustainability Committee.
2–14 (b) Not applicable Williams’ Board of 
Directors reviews our 
annual sustainability 
report prior to publication.
2-15 Conflicts of interest a. Corporate Governance; Corporate Governance Guidelines
b.  2023 Proxy Statement, p. 5, 
Corporate Governance Guidelines
2-16 Communication of 
critical concerns
a.  Sustainability Governance; 
2023 Proxy Statement, p. 22 & 25
b. None
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
117
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
2-17 Collective 
knowledge of the highest 
governance body
a.  At each regularly scheduled committee meeting, the 
Governance and Sustainability Committee, who has 
strategic oversight of ESG matters, in consultation and 
coordination with the Board and other Board 
committees, receives information and updates related 
to ESG. Additionally, we share various continuous 
learning opportunities with our Governance and 
Sustainability Committee at each regularly scheduled 
committee meeting. In addition, our Board of Directors 
periodically receives presentations from both investors 
who hold Williams stock and investors who do not 
hold Williams stock to gain their perspectives on the 
energy industry and Williams.
2-18 Evaluation of the 
performance of the 
highest governance body
a. Corporate Governance; 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 43
b.  Each Board Committee annually completes an evaluation, 
which includes a review of the committee’s effectiveness 
regarding the duties delegated to the committee by the 
committee’s charter, which includes the Governance and 
Sustainability Committee’s oversight of ESG. For more 
information, see Williams’ 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 43.
c. 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 43
2-19 Remuneration 
policies
a. 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 6, 44, 50–75
b. 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 63–66
2-20 Process to 
determine remuneration
a. 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 6, 44, 50–75
b. 8-K Report
2-21 Annual total 
compensation ratio
a. 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 86
b. −0.04:1
c. 2023 Proxy Statement, p. 86
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
118
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
2-22 Statement 
on sustainable 
development strategy
a. CEO Letter
2-23 Policy Commitments a.  2023 Proxy Statement, p. 26–27; Williams does not 
formally follow the precautionary principle.
b. Human Rights; Human Rights Policy and Statement
c. Human Rights Policy and Statement
d.  Our Code of Business Conduct specifically references and 
summarizes our Human Rights Policy and Statement. The 
Code of Business Conduct is reviewed and approved 
annually by Williams Board of Directors.
e. Human Rights Policy and Statement
f.  Corporate Behavior & Ethics; Human Rights Policy 
and Statement; All employees receive Code of Business 
Conduct training which is completed within the first 30 
days of employment and thereafter annually where they 
are required to acknowledge that they have read, 
understand, and agree to the Code of Business Conduct 
and again to the Company’s policies and any procedures 
specific to their department. Our Code of Conduct for 
Suppliers and Contractors also specifically addresses 
Human Rights. Requirements of expectations of 
compliance with our Code of Conduct for Suppliers and 
Contractors policy is also part of every RFP , PO and 
contract signed in our supply chain processes.
2-24 Embedding 
policy commitments
a.  Corporate Behavior & Ethics; Supply Chain 
& Responsible Procurement
2-25 Processes 
to remediate 
negative impacts
a. Stakeholder Relations; Environmental Justice
b. Stakeholder Relations; Environmental Justice
c. Stakeholder Relations; Environmental Justice
d. Stakeholder Relations; Environmental Justice
e. Stakeholder Relations; Environmental Justice
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
119
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
2-26 Mechanisms for 
seeking advice and 
raising  concerns
a. Corporate Behavior & Ethics — Reporting Concerns
2-27 Compliance with 
laws and regulations
a.  Performance Data Table — Environmental 
Compliance & Biodiversity
b.  Performance Data Table — Environmental Compliance & 
Biodiversity; Williams 2022 Form 10-K, p. 129–130
c. Williams 2022 Form 10-K, p. 129–130 
2-27 (d) Information unavailable/
incomplete
Williams is working to 
determine its definition of 
significant instances of 
non-compliance as there is 
not definitive guidance from 
GRI for this term in GRI 
2-27. We provide 
information regarding our 
instances of non-compliance 
in our Performance Data 
Table and 10-K Filing. Both 
documents are referenced in 
2-27a and 2-27c.
2-28 Membership 
associations
a. Public Policy — Industry Associations
2-29 Approach to 
stakeholder engagement
a. Stakeholder Relations
2-30 Collective 
bargaining agreements
a. Employment Practices;  Performance Data Table
b.  No, work conditions and terms of employment at Williams 
are not influenced or determined based on other collective 
bargaining agreements.
Material Topics
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-1 Process to determine 
material topics
3-2 List of material topics
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
120
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy     
Energy Transition & Low Carbon Economy 11.2 Climate adaptation, 
resilience, and transition
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Energy Transition & Low Carbon Economy 11.2.1
GRI 201: Economic 
Performance 2016
201-2 Financial 
implications and other 
risks and opportunities 
due to climate change
Climate Adaptation & Resilience
TCFD Index
11.2.2
GRI 305: Emissions 2016 305-5 Reduction of 
GHG emissions
Operational GHG Emissions
 Performance Data Table
11.2.3
11.2 Climate adaptation, 
resilience, and transition
Additional sector 
disclosures
Public Policy 11.2.4
Energy Access, Affordability & Reliability
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Energy Access, Affordability & Reliability
GRI 203: Indirect 
Economic Impacts 2016
203-1 Infrastructure 
investments and 
services supported
Energy Access, Affordability & Reliability
Economic Impacts
Williams’ infrastructure investments are commercial 
and in-kind engagements. Williams’ attorneys 
participate in pro bono legal work through legal aid 
organizations in their communities.
11.14.4
203-2 Significant indirect 
economic impacts
Economic Impacts 11.14.5
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
121
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
Public Policy 11.22 Public Policy
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Public Policy 11.22.1
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016 415-1 Political 
contributions
a. Public Policy — Political Contributions 415-1 (b) Not Applicable Williams did not make any 
in-kind political contributions.
11.22.2
Minimizing Our Footprint 
Operational GHG Emissions 11.1 GHG emissions
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Operational GHG Emissions
 Performance Data Table
11.1.1
GRI 302: Energy 2016 302-1 Energy 
consumption within the 
organization
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C8. Energy
 Performance Data Table
302-1 (d) Not applicable Williams does not sell 
electricity, heating, cooling 
or steam energy.
11.1.2
302-2 Energy 
consumption outside of 
the organization
302-2 Information unavailable / 
incomplete
Williams does not collect or 
estimate data for this type 
of energy consumption at 
this time.
11.1.3
302-3 Energy intensity Performance Data Table 11.1.4
GRI 305: Emissions 2016 305-1 Direct (Scope 1) 
GHG emissions
Operational GHG Emissions
 Performance Data Table
Williams does not produce biogenic gasses.
11.1.5
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
122
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
305-2 Energy indirect 
(Scope 2) GHG emissions
 Performance Data Table
Williams does not report market-based Scope 2 emissions. 
Williams does not include multiple gasses in the calculation 
since it is based on kWh energy use. 
Williams uses the location-based method. 
The consolidation approach is operational control.
11.1.6
305-3 Other indirect 
(Scope 3) GHG emissions
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, 
C6. Emissions data
11.1.7
305-4 GHG 
emissions intensity
 Performance Data Table 11.1.8
305-5 Reduction of 
GHG emissions
Operational GHG Emissions
 Performance Data Table
11.2.3
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure     
Pipeline & Asset Integrity 11.8 Asset integrity and critical 
incident management
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Pipeline & Asset Integrity 11.8.1
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
123
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
GRI 306: Effluents and Waste 2016 306-3 (c) Significant spills a. Pipeline & Asset Integrity;  Performance Data Table
b.  In 2022, Williams did not report any spills 
in financial statements.
306-3 (c) Information unavailable/
incomplete
Williams is subject to various 
regulatory authorities with 
particular requirements and 
definitions around spill 
reporting and what is 
considered ‘significant’ or 
causes an ‘impact’ to the 
environment. We report 
spills based on these various 
regulatory definitions. 
Without working to 
determine its definition of 
impact, as there is not 
definitive guidance from GRI 
on its definition of impact, 
Williams is not in a position 
to provide information for 
this specific request. We 
include metrics for 
reportable spills and 
releases (including PHMSA 
reportable pipeline incidents 
and spills to soil and water) 
in the Performance Data 
Table and Pipeline & Asset 
Integrity topic.
11.8.2
11.8 Asset integrity and critical 
incident management
Additional sector 
disclosures
 Performance Data Table 11.8.3
Additional sector 
disclosures
Additional sector 
disclosure 11.8.4
Not applicable Williams does not own 
or operate oil sands 
mining operations.
11.8.4
Public Safety  
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Public Safety
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
124
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
Self-Selected Metrics Pipeline 
Performance metrics
 Performance Data Table
Workforce Safety  
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Workforce Safety 11.9.1
GRI 403: Occupational Health and 
Safety 2018
403-1 Occupational 
health and safety 
management system
Workforce Safety 11.9.2
403-2 Hazard 
identification, risk 
assessment, and 
incident investigation
Workforce Safety 11.9.3
403-3 Occupational 
health services
Workforce Safety
Workforce Health & Well-Being
11.9.4
403-4 Worker 
participation, consultation, 
and communication on 
occupational health 
and safety
Workforce Safety
Workforce Health & Well-Being
11.9.5
403-5 Worker training 
on occupational health 
and safety
Workforce Safety 11.9.6
403-6 Promotion of 
worker health
Workforce Health & Well-Being 11.9.7
403-7 Prevention and 
mitigation of occupational 
health and safety impacts 
directly linked by 
business relationships
Workforce Safety 11.9.8
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
125
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
403-8 Workers covered 
by an occupational 
health and safety 
management system
Workforce Safety 11.9.9
403-9 Work-related injuries Workforce Safety
 Performance Data Table
11.9.10
403-10 Work-related 
ill health
 Performance Data Table 11.9.11
Cybersecurity
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Cybersecurity
Self Selected Metrics Percent of employees 
that completed 
cybersecurity training
 Performance Data Table
Building an Empowered Workforce
Employee Attraction, Retention & Development
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Employee Attraction, Retention & Development
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
126
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
GRI 401: Employment 2016 401-1 New employee hires 
and employee turnover
 Performance Data Table 11.10.2
401-2 Benefits 
provided to full time 
employees that are not 
provided to temporary 
or part-time employees
Employee Attraction, Retention & Development 11.10.3
401-3 Parental leave Employee Attraction, Retention & Development
Performance Data Table
Parental Leave Retention Rates are derived using GRI 
calculation methodology: 
Numerator — The total number of employees who returned to 
work after parental leave in 2022
Denominator — Number of employees expected to return to 
work after taking parental leave
11.10.4
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 404-1 Average hours 
of training per year 
per employee
Employee Attraction, Retention & Development
 Performance Data Table
11.10.6
404-2 Programs for 
upgrading employee 
skills and transition 
assistance programs
Employee Attraction, Retention & Development
Williams appreciates our company’s most valuable asset, our 
employees. However, employment changes can occur 
through retirement, resignation, reduction in force, or through 
movement from full-time to part-time status or vice versa. 
Williams has developed benefit aids to help employees 
understand their benefits and options during employment 
changes. Our HR employee resource hub offers ‘Planning for 
retirement’ tools and resources to facilitate transitioning from 
active employee to retiree and prepare individuals mentally 
and financially for their next chapter of life.
11.10.7
404-3 Percentage 
of employees 
receiving regular 
performance and career 
development reviews
Employee Attraction, Retention & Development
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
127
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 11.11 Non-discrimination and 
equal opportunity
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 11.11.1
GRI 202: Market Presence 2016 202-2 Proportion of senior 
management hired from 
the local community
202-2 Information unavailable/
incomplete
Williams does not have a 
defined process of tracking 
this information.
11.11.2
GRI 401: Employment 2016 401-3 Parental leave Employee Attraction, Retention & Development
 Performance Data Table
11.11.3
GRI 404: Training 
and Education 2016
404-1 Average hours 
of training per year 
per employee
Employee Attraction, Retention & Development
 Performance Data Table
11.11.4
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal 
Opportunity 2016
405-1 Diversity of 
governance bodies 
and employees
Corporate Governance
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
 Performance Data Table
11.11.5
405-2 Ratio of basic 
salary and remuneration 
of women to men
405-2 Confidentiality constraints Due to confidentially and 
privilege concerns, Williams 
does not disclose this 
information.
11.11.6
GRI 406: Non-discrimination 2016 406-1 Incidents of 
discrimination and 
corrective actions taken
406-1 Confidentiality constraints Williams does not publicly 
disclose this data.
11.11.7
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
128
Appendix

GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
Strengthening Communities
Stakeholder Relations 11.15 Local Communities; 11.16 
Land and Resource Rights
GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-3 Management of 
material topics
Stakeholder Relations 11.15.1; 11.16.1
GRI 413: Local Communities 2016 413-1 Operations with 
local community 
engagement, impact 
assessments, and 
development programs
Stakeholder Relations
Community Investment
Environmental Justice
11.15.2
413-2 Operations with 
significant actual and 
potential negative impacts 
on local communities
Stakeholder Relations
Environmental Justice
Williams’ Community and Project Outreach team handles 
complaints and/or concerns expressed by stakeholders, 
including neighbors, community members and/or local elected 
officials. These complaints and/or issues are typically localized 
to areas of active pipeline or facility construction and/or active 
pipeline operations. Inbound complaints that cannot be 
immediately addressed by the Community and Project 
Outreach team will be forwarded to the appropriate internal 
individuals, or departments, with expertise related to the area 
of the complaint or issue. A member of the Community and 
Project Outreach team will serve as the point of contact for the 
stakeholder. When the situation or matter causing the 
complaint or concern is resolved, the Community and Project 
Outreach team member will communicate the resolution to the 
stakeholder. Williams works to resolve complaints and/or 
concerns in as timely a manner as possible. If the situation or 
matter involves a lengthy timeline for resolution, this will also 
be communicated to the stakeholder. The Community and 
Project Outreach team member will maintain ongoing 
communications with the stakeholder throughout the process.
11.15.3
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
129
Appendix

Topics in GRI Sector Standard 11: Oil & Gas determined as not material
Topic Explanation for being not material     
11.3 Air emissions 11.3 Air Emissions was considered as part of the topic “Non-GHG Air Emissions” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. However, 
Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Non-GHG Air Emissions. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.4 Biodiversity 11.4 Biodiversity was considered as part of the topic “Biodiversity & Land Use” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. However, 
Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Biodiversity & Land Use. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.5 Waste 11.5 Waste was considered as part of the topic “Waste” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. However, Williams discloses 
information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Waste. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.6 Water and effluents 11.6 Water and Effluents was considered as part of the topic “Water” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. However, Williams 
discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Water. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.7 Closure and rehabilitation 11.7 Closure and Rehabilitation was considered as part of the topic “Site Closure and Rehabilitation” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to 
be not material. However, Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Site Closure and Rehabilitation. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, 
see Materiality Assessment.
11.10 Employment practices 11.10 Employment Practices was considered as part of the topic “Employment Practices” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. 
However, Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Employment Practices. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.12 Forced labor and modern slavery 11.10 Forced Labor and Modern Slavery was considered as part of the topic “Human Rights” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. 
However, Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Human Rights. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
GRI Standard/Other Source Disclosures Location/Response Requirement(s) Omitted Reason for Omission Explanation for Omission GRI Sector Standard Ref. No.
11.15 Local communities Additional sector 
disclosures
Stakeholder Relations 11.15.4
11.16 Land and resource rights Additional sector 
disclosures
In 2022, we did not have any operations that caused or 
contributed to involuntary resettlement or where such 
resettlement is ongoing.
11.16.2
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
130
Appendix

Topic Explanation for being not material     
11.13 Freedom of association and 
collective bargaining
11.13 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining was considered as part of the topic “Employment Practices” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was 
determined to be not material. However, Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Employment Practices. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see 
Materiality Assessment.
11.14 Economic impacts 11.14 Economic Impacts was considered as part of the topic “Economic Impacts” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. However, 
Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Economic Impacts. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.17 Rights of indigenous peoples 11.17 Rights of Indigenous Peoples was considered as part of the topic “Indigenous Peoples” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. 
However, Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Indigenous Peoples. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.18 Conflict and security 11.18 Conflict and Security was considered as part of the topic “Human Rights” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. For more 
information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.19 Anti-competitive behavior 11.19 Anti-competitive Behavior was considered as part of the topic “Corporate Behavior & Ethics” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to 
be not material. However, Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Corporate Behavior & Ethics. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, 
see Materiality Assessment.
11.20 Anti-corruption 11.20 Anti-corruption was considered as part of the topic “Corporate Behavior & Ethics” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not material. 
However, Williams discloses information about our management approach and performance on this topic in Corporate Behavior & Ethics. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
11.21 Payments to governments 11.21 Payments to Governments was considered as part of the topic “Corporate Behavior & Ethics” in Williams’ 2022 Materiality Assessment. This topic was evaluated during the materiality assessment process and was determined to be not 
material. For more information on how we conducted our 2022 Materiality Assessment, see Materiality Assessment.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
131
Appendix

SASB Index: Oil & Gas — Midstream
SASB Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
EM-MD-110a.1: Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage methane, percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations Operational GHG Emissions; Performance Data Table[1]
EM-MD-110a.2: Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets  
and an analysis of performance against those targets
Operational GHG Emissions
Air Quality
EM-MD-120a.1: Air emissions of the following pollutants: NOX (excluding N2O), SOX, volatile organic compounds and particulate matter (PM10) Non-GHG Air Emissions; Performance Data Table[2] 
Ecological Impacts
EM-MD-160a.1: Description of environmental management policies and practices for active operations Biodiversity & Land Use[3] 
EM-MD-160a.2: Percentage of land owned, leased, and/or operated within areas of protected conservation status or endangered  
species habitat
Biodiversity & Land Use; Performance Data Table
EM-MD-160a.3: Terrestrial acreage disturbed, percentage of impacted area restored Biodiversity & Land Use; Performance Data Table
EM-MD-160a.4: Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, volume in Arctic, volume in Unusually Sensitive Areas and volume recovered Spill & Release Performance; Performance Data Table
[1]  Data excludes offshore assets, corporate office buildings and company vehicles. Data excludes emissions associated with the 2021 acquisition of Sequent Energy Management.
[2]  Williams is unable to separately disclose its emissions of particulate matter 10 micrometers or less in diameter (PM10). Data represents total PM2.5 and PM10.   
[3]  Williams does not disclose the degree to which our policies and practices are aligned with the International Finance Corporation’s Performance Standards on Environmental and Social Sustainability.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
132
Appendix

SASB Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response
Competitive Behavior
EM-MD-520a.1: Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with federal pipeline and storage regulations Pipeline & Asset Integrity; Performance Data Table
Operational Safety, Emergency Preparedness and Response
EM-MD-540a.1: Number of reportable pipeline incidents, percentage significant Spill & Release Performance; Performance Data Table
EM-MD-540a.2: Percentage of natural gas pipelines inspected and hazardous liquid pipelines inspected Performance Data Table
EM-MD-540a.3: Number of accident releases and nonaccident releases from rail transportation Performance Data Table
EM-MD-540a.4: Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety and emergency preparedness throughout the value chain and throughout project lifecycles Public Safety
Activity Metric
EM-MD-000.A: Total metric ton-kilometers of: natural gas, crude oil and refined petroleum products transported, by mode of transport Performance Data Table
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
133
Appendix

TCFD Recommendations Williams Companies Reporting
Governance
Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.
Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C1.1–C1.1b, C2.2
2022 Sustainability Report: Board of Directors Oversight
2023 Proxy Statement, page 25
Governance and Sustainability Committee Charter, pages 2–3
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C1.2–C1.2a
2023 Proxy Statement, page 25
Strategy
Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where 
such information is material.
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium and long term. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C2.1a–C2.4a
2023 Annual Report, page 33
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities in the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C2.3a–C3.4, C4.1–C4.3b
2023 Annual Report, page 33
Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C3.1–C3.2b, C3.5–C3.5a
2022 Sustainability Report: Climate Adaptation & Resilience
TCFD Index
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
134
Appendix

TCFD Recommendations Williams Companies Reporting
Risk Management 
Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses, and manages climate-related risks.
Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C2.1, C2.2–C2.2a
2022 Sustainability Report: Climate Adaptation & Resilience; Risk Assessment
Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C2.1–C2.2a
2022 Sustainability Report, Climate Adaptation & Resilience
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s 
overall risk management.
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C2.1b–C2.2a
2022 Sustainability Report, Climate Adaptation & Resilience; Risk Assessment
Metrics and Targets
Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk 
management process.
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C1.3a, C4.2–C4.2c, C9.1, C11.
2022 Sustainability Report: Annual Incentive Program; Energy Transition & Low-Carbon Economy — Our Management Approach; 
Transition Risks; Operational GHG Emissions; Water; Land Use; Loss of Primary Containment; Performance Data Table
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions and the related risks. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C6.
2022 Sustainability Report: GHG Quantification, Monitoring & Transparent Reporting, Performance Data Table
Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets. CDP Climate Change Questionnaire 2023, C4.1–C4.2c, C-OG4.2d 
2022 Sustainability Report: GHG Emissions Reduction Targets & Progress
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
135
Appendix

Independent Limited Assurance Report to The Williams Companies, Inc.
Engagement Summary
Scope of Our Assurance Engagement
Whether the 2022 information and data for the specified 
indicators listed below are fairly presented in the Report, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.
GHG Emissions:
•  Scope 1 GHG emissions (absolute) ’facility-direct 
emissions’ using an operational control boundary and 
excludes Corporate office buildings and company vehicles 
[million metric tons CO2e]
•  Scope 2 GHG emissions (location-based method)  
[million metric tons CO2e]
•  Total GHG emissions (Scope 1 & 2)  
[million metric tons CO2e]
• Total Methane emissions [million metric tons CO2e]
•  Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions CO2e,  
percent methane [%]
Health & Safety:
•  Lost-time incident rate, LTIR 
 [per 200,000 work hours] — employees
•  Total recordable incident rate,  
TRIR [per 200,000 work hours] — employees
• Number of fatalities: employees [number]
• Employee fatality rate [per 1,000 employees]
• Employee fatality rate [per 200,000 work hours]
Reporting Criteria
Reporting Period
1 January–31 December 2022
ERM Certification & Verification Services Incorporated (“ERM CVS”) was engaged by The Williams Companies, Inc. 
(“Williams”) to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information set out below and presented in the 
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report (the “Report”).
Assurance Standard and Level of Assurance
We performed a limited assurance engagement, in 
accordance with the International Standard on Assurance 
Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements 
other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial 
Information’ issued by the International Auditing and 
Standards Board.
The procedures performed in a limited assurance 
engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in 
extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and 
consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited 
assurance engagement is substantially lower than the 
assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable 
assurance engagement been performed.
• WBCSD/WRI Greenhouse Gas Protocol
•  EPA GHG Reporting Requirements under 40 CFR 98 
Subpart C and Subpart W
•  OSHA definitions for safety indicators (as appropriate 
based on selected scope)
•  U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission 
Standards for Maintaining, Collecting, and Presenting 
Federal Data on Race and Ethnicity for diversity categories
• DOT/PHMSA Guidelines
•  The Williams Companies, Inc. internal reporting criteria  
and definitions (where relevant) as described in the 
accompanying footnotes in the Report
• Number of fatalities: non-employee workers [number]
• Number of hours worked — employees [number]
•  Total Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) 
 Incidents [number]
• Behavioral Near-Miss-to-Incident Ratio [number]
Pipeline Performance:
• Reportable pipeline incidents [number]
•  Reportable pipeline incidents considered significant  
[% of total]
• Natural gas pipelines inspected [% of total]
• Hazardous liquid pipelines inspected [% of total]
Employment and Diversity:
• Technical and support roles held by women [%]
• Professional and managerial roles held by women [%]
•  Technical and support roles held by underrepresented 
employees [%]
•  Professional and managerial roles held by 
underrepresented employees [%]
Respective Responsibilities
Williams is responsible for preparing the Report and for 
the collection and presentation of the information within it, 
and for the designing, implementing and maintaining of 
internal controls relevant to the preparation and 
presentation of the Report.
ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to 
Williams on the agreed scope based on our engagement 
terms with Williams, the assurance activities performed 
and exercising our professional judgement. We accept no 
responsibility, and deny any liability, to any party other 
than Williams for the conclusions we have reached.
Restatement of prior GHG emissions data
Whether the restated 2019, 2020, and 2021 information 
and data for the specified indicators listed below are fairly 
presented in the Report and in accordance with the 
reporting criteria:
•  Scope 1 GHG emissions using an operational control 
boundary and excludes Corporate office buildings and 
company vehicles [million metric tons CO2e]
• Total Methane emissions [million metric tons CO2e]
•  Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions CO2e, percent 
methane [%]
Our assurance engagement does not extend to 
information in respect of earlier periods or to any other 
information included in the Report.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
136
Appendix

The Limitations of 
Our Engagement
The reliability of the assured information is subject to 
inherent uncertainties, given the available methods for 
determining, calculating or estimating the underlying 
information. It is important to understand our assurance 
conclusions in this context.
Our Independence, Integrity 
and Quality Control
ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification 
body accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015. 
Accordingly we maintain a comprehensive system of 
quality control, including documented policies and 
procedures regarding compliance with ethical 
requirements, professional standards, and applicable 
legal and regulatory requirements. Our quality 
management system is at least as demanding as the 
relevant sections of ISQM-1 and ISQM-2 (2022).
Beth Wyke
Head of Corporate Assurance Services
Malvern, PA
July, 24 2023
ERM Certification & Verification Services Incorporated
www.ermcvs.com | post@ermcvs.com
Our Assurance Activities
Considering the level of assurance and our Considering 
the level of assurance and our assessment of the risk of 
material misstatement of the Report a multi-disciplinary 
team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed 
a range of procedures that included, but was not restricted 
to, the following:
•  Assessing the appropriateness of the reporting criteria  
for the Report
•  Interviews with relevant staff to understand and evaluate 
the relevant management systems and processes 
(including internal review and control processes) used for 
collecting and reporting the selected disclosures.
•  A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and 
quantitative evidence supporting the reported information.
ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to 
ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, 
professional competence and high ethical standards in their 
work. Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure 
that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from 
bias and conflict of interest. Our certified management system 
covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least 
as demanding as the relevant sections of the IESBA Code 
relating to assurance engagements.
The team that has undertaken this assurance engagement has 
extensive experience in conducting assurance on 
environmental, social, ethical and health and safety information, 
systems and processes, and provides no consultancy related 
services to Williams in any respect.
Our Conclusion
Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has 
come to our attention to indicate that the 2022 data and 
restated GHG emissions data for 2019, 2020 and 2021 and 
information for the disclosures listed under ‘Scope’ above are 
not fairly presented in the Report, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the reporting criteria.
•  An analytical review of the year-end data submitted by all 
locations included in the consolidated 2022 group data for 
the selected disclosures which included testing the 
completeness and mathematical accuracy of conversions 
and calculations, and consolidation in line with the stated 
reporting boundary.
•  In-person visit to Williams HQ in Tulsa, OK to review 
source data and corporate reporting systems and controls 
with Corporate data owners and subject matter experts.
•  Examination of a sample of incidents reported internally 
and to external regulatory bodies and governmental 
agencies (such as the Occupational Safety & Health 
Administration, Department of Transportation, Pipeline 
and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration)
•  Review of a sample of third-party and state and federal 
reports (i.e. leak data, pipeline inspections) where 
applicable, to validate source of data.
•  Assessment of system outputs for alignment with 
consolidated data workbooks used to calculate 
final indicators.
•  In-Person visits to Williams facilities/production sites in 
DeSoto, LA (USA) and Susquehanna, PA (USA) to review 
source data and local reporting systems and controls with 
field operation specialists and data reporters.
•  Confirming conversion and emission factors and 
assumptions used.
•  Review of the updated boundary and methodology 
applied to restatement of prior year emissions.
•  Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the 
scope of our work in the Report to ensure consistency 
with our findings.
Williams 2022 Sustainability Report
137
Appendix

One Williams Center
Tulsa, OK 74172
Phone (within Tulsa): 918-573-2000
Phone (outside of Tulsa): 800-945-5426
williams.com