Sustainability
Report 
2022

Social 116
Creating Shared Value 117
Working with Communities 119
Global Giving 125
Valuing Human Rights 128
Valuing Our People 130
A Compelling Culture 134
A World-Class Workforce 142
Employee Engagement  
and Development  146
Compensation, Benefits  
and Well-being 151
Safety, Health and Security 154
Safety 155
Emergency  
Preparedness 160
Occupational Health and  
Industrial Hygiene 161
Security and Cybersecurity 162
Performance by Year 164
2022 Performance by Country 170
AXPC ESG Metrics Template 172
API Template for GHG Reporting 174
Disclosure, Data Quality  
and Assurance 176
Abbreviations 178
Recognition 180
Contents 1
Chairman and CEO Message 2
Integrating Sustainability 4
Sustainable Development  
Governance 5
Managing Sustainable  
Development Risks 11
Business Ethics 14
Supply Chain Sustainability 15
Key Stakeholders 19
About Our Reporting 20
Climate 22
Governance Framework 23
Strategy 30
Risk Management 56
Performance Metrics and Targets 60
External Collaboration  
and Engagement 82
Public Policy Engagement 85
Nature 94
Governance  95
Strategy 95
Risk and Impact Management 98
External Collaboration  
and Engagement 99
Managing Biodiversity-Related  
Risks and Impacts  100
Proactive Conservation 105
Managing Water-Related Risks  108
Performance Metrics  112
Contents

A Message from  
our Chairman and CEO
In 2022, ConocoPhillips entered our second decade as 
an independent exploration and production company 
with enhanced efforts to deliver lower greenhouse gas 
(GHG)‑intensity energy to the world while pursuing 
leadership in sustainability performance across a diverse 
portfolio. Energy supply and security were key themes 
globally, and rising energy demand and market volatility 
reinforced the importance of reliable and affordable energy. 
Throughout, our sustainable development performance 
remains a foundational element of our long ‑term 
value proposition.
The energy transition will be complex and evolve over 
decades. Natural gas and oil are projected to remain 
essential parts of the energy supply mix across a broad 
range of transition scenarios. An orderly transition is the 
best way to manage climate‑related risk, without energy 
shortages, undue price increases or economic shock.
Since the publication of our last Sustainability Report, 
ConocoPhillips has continued to be guided by our 
Triple Mandate to reliably and responsibly deliver oil 
and gas production to meet energy transition demand 
while delivering competitive returns, all while achieving 
our net‑zero operational GHG emissions ambition. We 
strengthened our commitment to our Paris‑aligned climate 
risk framework with an updated target for reducing GHG 
operational emissions intensity and new methane reduction 
efforts. In 2023, we accelerated our GHG operational 
emissions intensity reduction target through 2030 from 
40‑50% to 50‑60%, using a 2016 baseline. 
Our 2022 sustainability reporting highlights water and 
biodiversity management efforts, with recognition of 
nature‑related risks and impacts. Our business units 
continued to focus on minimizing fresh water use with 
research to develop and pilot technologies and processes 
to treat produced water for beneficial reuse. In 2022, fresh 
water accounted for only 7% of our total water use across 
our global operations, with the remaining 93% consisting 
of non‑fresh water, municipal waste water and reused or 
recycled produced water. On the biodiversity front, over the 
past two decades more than 20 million acres have been 
conserved, restored and improved by conservation partners 
through continued collaboration with and support from 
ConocoPhillips. In the Permian Basin, we received the Texas 
Parks and Wildlife Department Lone Star Land Steward 
Award for our conservation efforts, reflecting our company’s 
longstanding commitment to land preservation.
The Low Carbon Technologies organization continued its 
work to operationalize our net‑zero ambition for Scope 1 
and 2 emissions and understand the low carbon energy 
landscape, including emerging opportunities in carbon 
capture and storage and hydrogen. We’re using the same 
disciplined investment and capital allocation process we use 
throughout our portfolio 
to evaluate these low 
carbon solutions.
Building on 60 years 
of expertise, we’ve 
expanded our global 
LNG business. LNG is 
lower in GHG emissions 
intensity than other 
alternatives, particularly 
coal, and will be a key 
contributor to meeting 
energy transition 
demand. In 2022, we increased our ownership in Australia 
Pacific LNG, signed agreements with QatarEnergy to 
participate in the North Field East and the North Field South 
LNG projects and to jointly supply long‑term LNG to Germany. 
In the U.S., we are working with Sempra Infrastructure to 
develop large-scale LNG along the Gulf Coast.
ConocoPhillips believes regular engagement with key 
stakeholders is integral to understanding interests, 
accelerating performance and supporting effective policy. 
Our sustainable 
development 
performance 
remains a 
foundational 
element of our 
long-term value 
proposition.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
2
2
Chairman and CEO Message

Ryan M. Lance 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
July 2023
Collaborations that demonstrate our commitment include: 
• Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 Initiative.
• E&P Net‑Zero Principles Roundtable, facilitated by Ceres. 
• Climate Leadership Council.
• Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. 
Collaboration also plays a key role in addressing the social 
and community aspects related to our operations and 
projects. We seek early and frequent engagement with our 
stakeholders. For example, on Alaska’s North Slope, our 
ongoing work to understand local perspectives and address 
community concerns has been crucial for our Willow project 
and will continue to be a cornerstone of our operations. 
Meeting the world’s evolving energy needs requires 
attracting and retaining a world‑class workforce and 
cultivating an inclusive environment where different 
backgrounds, experiences, ideas and perspectives are 
recognized, valued and respected. Having the best and 
brightest people that bring a passion and excitement for 
solving complex problems is a competitive advantage that 
leads to better business outcomes. That is why we’ve put an 
emphasis on — and are committed to — elevating diversity, 
equity and inclusion (DEI). In 2022, we took the important 
step of hiring a chief diversity officer and, over the course of 
the year, refreshed our DEI strategy.
Looking ahead, we intend to play a significant role in 
supporting a reliable and affordable energy future. As a 
best‑in‑class E&P company, our actions strive to balance 
the interests of our many stakeholders. We are committed 
to meaningful dialogue as we work to continuously improve 
our environmental and social performance. This allows 
us to understand stakeholder priorities and concerns, so 
that we can respond effectively to risks and opportunities 
throughout the energy transition.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
3
A Message from our Chairman and CEO
3

Workers at a Zia Hills drill site 
in the Permian Basin. 
At ConocoPhillips, we are focused on sustainably meeting energy demand, while 
creating lasting value for employees, communities and shareholders. We intend to play 
a valued role in the energy transition by achieving the three objectives of our Triple 
Mandate –  meeting transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns on and of 
capital, and achieving our net‑zero operational emissions ambition. Sustainability is core 
to ConocoPhillips and is integral to our foundational principles.
We have been on a journey to integrate sustainability into 
planning and decision making for decades. Before our 
first sustainable development (SD) report was published 
in 2005, we had implemented a process to identify and 
manage environmental and social issues and to assess 
performance. That process has evolved over the years as 
the risk and opportunity trends in science, demographics, 
technology and policy have changed. We published our first 
SD and climate change positions in 2003. Since then, we 
have updated those positions and developed positions on 
water, biodiversity, human rights and diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI). We also continue to refine our governance 
structure to manage sustainability risks and opportunities 
throughout the organization. By design, our systems ‑
based approach includes continuous improvement and 
internal assurance.
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
4
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
4

Sustainable 
Development  
Governance
ConocoPhillips uses a strategic planning process and risk 
management tools to integrate evolving sustainability risks 
and trends into the company’s framework for decision 
making. Environmental and social performance are key 
components of our Long‑Range Planning process. Our 
comprehensive governance framework is designed to 
evaluate risks through a sustainability lens and manage 
related risks and opportunities, incorporating input from 
the Board of Directors Public Policy and Sustainability 
Committee, the Executive Leadership Team, senior 
management and internal subject matter experts. The 
overarching corporate governance element is addressed in 
the Investors section of our website. 
Board of Directors 
Oversight
The ConocoPhillips Board of Directors oversees our 
SD positions and related strategic planning and risk 
management programs. The board delegates certain 
elements of its oversight functions to one or more of its five 
standing committees: Directors’ Affairs, Public Policy and 
Sustainability, Audit and Finance, Human Resources and 
Compensation, and Executive. Each committee, other than 
the Executive Committee, convenes at least quarterly. 
The Committee on Directors’ Affairs regularly evaluates 
the size and composition of the board. They continually 
assess whether the composition appropriately relates 
to ConocoPhillips’ strategic needs, which change as 
the business environment evolves. The company seeks 
director candidates who possess the highest personal 
and professional ethics, integrity and values and who are 
committed to representing the long‑term interests of all 
ConocoPhillips stakeholders. This committee also considers 
background and diversity (including gender, ethnicity, race, 
national origin and geographic background). Additionally, 
they seek to ensure that the board reflects a range of 
talents, ages, skills, personal attributes and expertise.
Read more about our directors on our website. 
• Public Policy 
and Sustainability 
Committee
• Sustainability and
Public Policy
Executive Council
• Business Unit 
Leadership
• Subject Matter Experts
• Global SD Issues 
Working Groups
• HSE Leadership
• Sustainable
Development Team
• Business Unit
Presidents
• Function Heads
Note: Each layer represents a governance level and 
the corresponding membership entity/support.
EXECUTIVE
LEADERSHIP
TEAM
SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT
LEADERSHIP
TEAM
OPERATIONS
BOARD OF
DIRECTORS
GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
Feedback and communication at all levels of the chain 
is an important feature of our governance structure.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
5
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
5

Key Skills
* As of April 3, 2023
IND.
DIR. 
SINCE AGE*
DIRECTOR SKILLS MATRIX
CEO or Senior 
Ofﬁcer 
Financial 
Reporting 
Industry
Global
Regulatory/
Government 
Technology
Public Company 
Board Service
Environmental/
Sustainability
Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer, ConocoPhillips 
2012 60
Timothy A. Leach
Advisor to the Chief Executive 
Officer, ConocoPhillips
2021 63
William H. McRaven
Retired U.S. Navy Four-Star
Admiral (SEAL)
2018 67
Dennis V. Arriola
Former Chief Executive
Officer, Avangrid, Inc. 
2022 62
Jody Freeman
Archibald Cox Professor of
Law, Harvard Law School 
2012 59
Gay Huey Evans CBE
Chairman, London
Metal Exchange 
2013 68
Jeffrey A. Joerres
Former Executive Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer,
ManpowerGroup Inc. 
2018 63
Sharmila Mulligan
Former Chief Strategy 
Officer, Alteryx
2017 57
Eric D. Mullins
Chairman and Chief Executive 
Officer, Lime Rock Resources
2020 60
Arjun N. Murti
Partner, Veriten LLC 2015 54
David T. Seaton
Former Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Fluor Corporation
2020 61
R.A. Walker
Former Chairman and Chief 
Executive Ofﬁcer, Anadarko 
Petroleum Corporation
2020 66
Human Capital 
Management
Robert A. Niblock
Lead Director
Former Chairman, President, 
and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, 
Lowe’s Companies, Inc.
2010 60
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
6
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
6

The Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) 
is responsible for identifying, evaluating and monitoring 
SD and climate‑related trends and risks that could affect 
business activities and performance. The PPSC makes 
recommendations to the board and monitors compliance 
with the company’s policies, programs and practices 
regarding: 
• Health, safety and security (excluding cybersecurity).
• Environmental protection. 
• Climate change. 
• Nature, including water and biodiversity. 
• Human rights and social issues. 
• Business operations in sensitive countries. 
• Government relations. 
• Political/regulatory risk management and political 
contributions. 
• Corporate philanthropy and corporate reputation. 
SD is a standing agenda item at PPSC meetings to 
discuss the SD risk management process, including the 
implementation of our net‑zero ambition and Paris‑aligned 
emissions reduction targets, and the use of reporting and 
disclosure frameworks. The Vice President, Sustainable 
Development, facilitates the discussion of this agenda item 
for the PPSC. In 2022, items discussed included: 
• Plan for the Net‑Zero Energy Transition.
• E&P Net‑zero Principles from Ceres‑led roundtable.
• Methane initiatives and commitments.
• SD reporting approach and reporting landscape.
• Climate Risk Strategy update — recent trends, strategic 
engagement options and targets.
• ESG assurance evolution.
• ESG trends in the financial sector.
• SD strategic priorities and annual review.
Issues considered by the PPSC are reported to the full board 
as appropriate. 
Other board committees also address sustainability issues. 
• The Audit and Finance Committee (AFC) oversees 
enterprise risk management (ERM) and cybersecurity. 
The AFC facilitates appropriate coordination among the 
board committees to ensure that our risk management 
processes are in place with necessary steps taken to 
foster a culture of prudent decision making throughout 
the company. The AFC receives regular updates on 
how enterprise risk is being addressed, mitigated 
and managed across the company, including SD 
considerations that influence capital markets, public 
perception, HSE, operations and drilling, production 
facilities and political risks within the ERM system. 
• The Human Resources and Compensation Committee 
oversees executive compensation and the performance‑
based components of the company’s incentive programs, 
including ESG metrics, targets and performance, as 
well as human capital management and diversity, equity 
and inclusion. Annual incentive programs promote 
achievement of strategic milestones and objectives 
that address stakeholder issues essential to sustaining 
excellence in environmental and social performance. 
Executive 
Leadership Team
The Executive Leadership Team (ELT) has final responsibility 
for developing corporate strategy, implementing 
sustainability efforts and reporting company performance. 
The Executive Vice President (EVP), Strategy, Sustainability 
and Technology, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer, 
has overall accountability for corporate planning and 
development, including corporate strategy and Long‑Range 
Planning. The EVP, Strategy, Sustainability and Technology, 
also has ultimate responsibility for climate risk management 
and the implementation of our net‑zero ambition. In addition, 
the Sustainability and Public Policy Executive Council 
(SPEC), a subcommittee of the ELT, has global oversight of 
existing and emerging SD and public policy risks and trends 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
7
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
7

including SD and climate‑related governance, strategic 
planning, risk management and public reporting. The SPEC 
consists of the following executives: 
• EVP, Strategy, Sustainability and Technology 
• EVP, Lower 48 
• EVP and Chief Financial Officer
• SVP, Global Operations 
• SVP, Legal and General Counsel 
• SVP, Government Affairs
• Advisor to the CEO 
Members of SPEC were briefed five times in 2022 on priority 
topics such as climate change, biodiversity, water, human 
rights and stakeholder engagement. The council’s scope 
includes: 
• Reviewing risk trends and setting priorities. 
• Reviewing and approving public policy and sustainability 
policies, positions, strategies, goals and actions on priority 
matters. 
• Prioritizing resource allocation to external engagement 
and initiatives. 
• Recommending which issues warrant additional 
executive leadership, full ELT review or additional board 
engagement. 
• Reviewing and endorsing agenda and meeting content for 
the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) of 
the board. 
The SPEC is also the governance link to the PPSC, whose 
oversight covers SD matters including climate and nature 
related risks. 
Linking Compensation to 
Sustainability Performance 
Executive and employee compensation includes the annual 
Variable Cash Incentive Program (VCIP). This annual cash 
bonus is based upon company and individual performance 
on metrics that include health, safety and environmental 
(HSE) performance as well as the achievement of milestones 
aligned with strategic SD priorities including managing 
climate‑related risk. 
We engage with our stockholders regularly on SD 
priorities, and this feedback is reviewed with the Human 
Resources and Compensation Committee of the board when 
considering executive compensation programs. 
In 2022, our compensation program reflected demonstrated 
progress toward a Paris‑aligned climate risk framework, 
including new methane and flaring targets, executing 98 
operational emissions reduction projects and advancing 
business development opportunities for low‑carbon 
investments. We achieved top quartile performance on 
credible ESG ratings, including MSCI, ISS ESG, Bloomberg 
ESG and DJSI rating frameworks relative to peers. 
ConocoPhillips remained best in class among our peers 
for personnel safety performance in 2022, as employees 
collaborated to integrate acquired assets into business HSE 
systems and processes and completed multiple turnarounds 
without serious incidents.
Another factor in our compensation program was 
progressing the 2022 elements of our DEI priorities and 
tactics, including hiring a Chief Diversity Officer. We 
established a dedicated DEI organization, engaging a 
third‑party company to obtain insights on the diversity of 
external talent pools, and published our 2021 Human Capital 
Management Report, while expanding DEI metrics on our 
internal dashboards. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
8
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
8

Organizational 
Management
Sustainable Development 
Leadership Team 
The Sustainable Development Leadership Team (SDLT) is 
comprised of global business unit presidents and functional 
department heads and is supported by the SD team. Chaired 
by the Vice President, Sustainable Development, the SDLT 
provides consultation for SD focus areas, goals, priorities, 
action plans and results. Strategic planning, goal setting, 
implementation, performance and reporting for climate‑
related risk are reviewed by the SDLT. 
Sustainable Development Team 
Within the Strategy, Sustainability and Technology 
organization, the SD team supports the business in 
developing and tracking metrics for annual reporting and 
forecasting for the Long‑Range Plan. Team members are 
responsible for key topics, including: 
• Climate Change 
• Nature, including Water and Biodiversity 
• Stakeholder Engagement and Social Responsibility 
• Risk Management 
• Supply Chain Sustainability 
Working with the Strategy, Planning and Portfolio 
Management group, the SD team is also responsible for 
informing the ELT and board of risks to, and opportunities 
for, our business and integration of sustainability‑related 
risks into strategic decisions. The SD team reports to the 
Executive Vice President, Strategy, Sustainability and 
Technology, who reports to the Chief Executive Officer. 
The SD team works closely with the Environmental 
Assurance group within HSE to ensure environmental 
risks are identified and monitored by our business units 
and metrics are tracked and publicly reported. The groups 
collaborate to develop and integrate requisite environmental 
risk tools, processes, standards, practices, guidelines 
and procedures into the company’s HSE Management 
System. Read more about our HSE Management System on 
our website. 
The SD team also routinely collaborates with the Low Carbon 
Technologies organization on emissions reduction projects, 
the pathway for achieving net‑zero Scope 1 and 2 emissions, 
pilots for newly emerging competitive opportunities, and 
implementation of the Climate Risk Strategy. 
SD team members lead issues working groups (IWGs) 
for climate change, water, stakeholder engagement and 
biodiversity across the company. Leveraging global cross‑
functional expertise from business unit subject matter 
experts, these quarterly meetings provide a forum to discuss 
risks, risk mitigation challenges and best practices, and to 
align on consistent practices. 
Global Operations 
Each ConocoPhillips business unit is responsible for 
integrating sustainability into day‑to‑day operations, project 
development and decision‑making. They assess risks, and 
develop action plans to mitigate those risks, with IWG 
participation as a resource and support. Progress is reported 
to management and results are shared with the ELT to 
ensure accountability. HSE leadership is responsible for 
environmental management at the business level. Subject 
matter experts in climate change, biodiversity, water and 
stakeholder engagement from the business units are 
members of the IWGs. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
9
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
9

Policies and  
Positions
In 2022, our company’s Code of Business Ethics and Conduct 
was updated and approved by the Audit and Finance 
Committee. Supplier Expectations were also updated and 
approved by the Chief Procurement Officer and Managing 
Director, Sustainable Development.
Training
The SD team and Environmental Assurance group hosted the 
Global Environmental and Sustainable Development Leaders 
Workshop in June 2022. The event included more than 50 
participants from environmental, stakeholder engagement, 
SD, government affairs, low carbon, finance and other 
functions. Objectives were convening leading subject matter 
experts from throughout the company to share knowledge 
across functions, advancing the SD strategy, and further 
developing the function. Concurrently, a global virtual event 
was held to increase awareness and understanding of key 
ESG issues. Over 530 people participated, with the Vice 
President, Sustainable Development, and Vice President, 
Low Carbon Technologies, discussing risks, trends and the 
drivers most impactful to ConocoPhillips, as well as our 
organizational response.
As a part of our efforts to advance employee awareness 
of sustainability topics, we executed communications 
activities including executive videos, interviews, internal 
web broadcasts and social media that reinforce company 
positions, goals, actions and reporting. Stakeholder 
engagement and human rights training is available for all 
employees and key contractors. We have also adapted and 
applied training materials developed by Ipieca, the global 
oil and gas industry association focused on environmental 
and social performance, and other best practice groups and 
made them available to all global employees. 
We also launched the SD career development team, 
identifying key SD roles, core and cross‑functional activities 
and options for developing career paths leading to key 
SD positions.
POLICIES AND  
POSITIONS
Policies
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Health, Safety and Environment 
Political Support Policies and Procedures
Principles of Environmental Justice
Supply Chain
Political Contributions
Substance Abuse 
Supplier Expectations
Sustainable Development
Global Tax
Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) 
Positions
Climate Change
Global Water Sustainability
Human Rights
Biodiversity
Diversity and Inclusion
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
10
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
10

Managing Sustainable  
Development Risks
Our governance structure provides board and management 
oversight of our risk processes and mitigation plans. Our 
management system approach to identifying, assessing and 
managing sustainable development (SD) risks aligns with 
how we make business decisions to ensure the consistent 
global identification and assessment of risks. This system 
links directly to the enterprise risk management (ERM) 
process, which includes an annual risk review by executive 
leadership and the board. These elements help us manage 
and mitigate risk, as well as track our SD performance.
Assessing and Managing Risks
Our Risk Management Standard mandates a process for 
operated assets and projects to assess and manage risks 
to ensure corporate oversight, assurance and consistent 
implementation. Risks are identified and evaluated 
against the physical, social and political settings of our 
operations by subject matter experts in each business 
unit (BU) and project. Local concerns may influence the 
potential importance of these environmental and social 
matters, including cumulative effects. Each risk is then 
assessed using a matrix that evaluates both its likelihood 
and consequence. In evaluating the consequence severity, 
we consider potential impacts on employee and public 
safety, sociocultural and economic impacts to stakeholders, 
environmental impacts, and reputational and financial 
implications. Risks identified as significant or high at the 
corporate or BU level are included in the corporate SD Risk 
Register. The company reviews risks annually and updates 
the SD Risk Register and associated action plans. Regular 
audits are scheduled in each business unit. 
The standard further mandates action plans for mitigating 
risks ranked significant or high and tracking in the corporate 
SD Risk Register. Risks that are no longer ranked significant 
or high due to the effectiveness of mitigation actions, as 
well as risks that are identified as medium are tracked at the 
corporate and business unit level.
Read more about our management process for climate, 
nature, and social risks on our website.
Adjust, Innovate and
Continuously Improve
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM APPROACH TO SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT RISK
Communicate risks to 
executives and Board of 
Directors; input to Enterprise 
Risk Management.
ENGAGE
MEASURE AND MONITOR
Track and assess 
actions.
IDENTIFY AND MAP
Develop risk register which ranks 
corporate-wide and local risks.
ADDRESS RISK
Collaborate on strategies 
and action plans to 
manage ranked risks.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
11
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
11

Action Plans
The SD Risk Management Standard requires an assessment 
of potential sustainability risks associated with company 
activities. Significant and high risks are documented in 
a corporate register with mitigation actions identified. 
Risks and mitigating actions are assessed at minimum 
annually by the business units and corporate. The SD Risk 
Register and action plans are used to guide goal setting 
and track performance. Read more about Performance and 
Compensation on our website.
Action plans are managed at the BU level. Overarching 
risk management actions, such as greenhouse gas (GHG) 
target setting, prioritization of global emissions abatement 
projects and disclosure and reporting, are managed at the 
corporate level. 
Enterprise Risk Management
Sustainability risks are integrated into the corporate 
enterprise risk management (ERM) system. Risks from 
the corporate SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant 
enterprise risks including market, reputational, operational 
and political. Owners of these enterprise risks, who are ELT 
members or senior managers, are briefed on the risks and 
our mitigation activities. Enterprise risks are then presented 
to the Audit and Finance Committee (AFC) of the board. The 
AFC receives regular updates on how enterprise risk is being 
addressed, mitigated and managed across the company.
Long-Range Plan and  
Corporate Strategy
Our long‑range and strategic planning activities consider 
risks and mitigation. Our Long‑Range Plan (LRP) forecasts 
key data for our corporate strategy covering our proposed 
portfolio development and performance, production, 
costs and cash flows. We also use the LRP to forecast 
GHG emissions and water management to understand our 
future environmental footprint. Environmental and social 
risk mitigations, such as emissions reduction projects, are 
reflected in the LRP and our annual budget.
Our corporate strategy defines the company’s direction 
for exploration and development, including portfolio, 
capital allocation and cost structure. Our cost of supply, 
portfolio diversification (both geological and geographical) 
and technology investments are aspects of the corporate 
strategy that also address sustainability risk. For example, 
a low cost of supply mitigates climate transition risk in lower-
energy demand scenarios. Having a geographically diverse 
portfolio helps mitigate the risk of community or stakeholder 
concerns delaying a significant portion of our production. 
Investing in water treatment technology allows us to recycle 
produced water and decrease our reliance on local water 
sources. Investing in local conservation initiatives allows us 
to mitigate some nature risks and impacts. We work with 
company leadership through our governance structure, 
enterprise risk management system and energy transition 
models to ensure our strategy effectively manages SD risks.
Key SD Management Processes
Our integrated management system supports our policies 
and principles and is based on mandatory and auditable 
corporate standards, practices and guidelines aligned with 
how we make business decisions to ensure the consistent 
global identification and assessment of SD risks. This 
includes integration into key business‑planning processes 
for the company, from business development activities 
and exploration to developing major capital projects and 
managing our day‑to‑day operations.
We perform due diligence on acquisitions, divestitures, 
trades, exchanges and farm‑in/farm‑out agreements. 
This process is designed to ensure that past, present 
and potential HSE and SD risks and liabilities are 
clearly identified, understood and documented. This 
due diligence standard applies to ConocoPhillips and its 
global subsidiaries, and we strive to influence all affiliated 
companies and joint ventures to conduct due diligence 
before undertaking binding business transactions.  
While the majority of ConocoPhillips’ oil and natural gas 
reserves and production are within Organization of Economic 
Cooperation and Development (OECD) nations, some of 
the world’s most resource‑rich areas are in countries that 
pose risks associated with political instability, inadequate 
rule of law or corruption. Before entering a new country 
— or for other new developments, when warranted by the 
geopolitical environment — we have adopted comprehensive 
risk management tools to evaluate and manage these types 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
12
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
12

CORPORATE ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL STANDARDS, 
PRACTICES AND GUIDELINES *
SD Risk Management Standard
• Identifies social and environmental risks, conducts risk 
ranking and develops mitigation action plans.
• Applies to corporate, business units (BUs) and their 
operated assets, associated activities including exploration, 
development programs, production, decommissioning/
reclamation and projects, ConocoPhillips and its 
subsidiaries globally, including all affiliated assets and 
joint ventures.
Health, Safety, Environment and Social Issues 
Due Diligence Standard
• Identifies risks and liabilities related to health, safety, 
environment, regulatory and social issues for transactions 
requiring due diligence including acquisitions, divestitures, 
trades, exchanges and farm-in/farm-out agreements.
HSE Management System Standard
• Identifies and manages operational risks to the business, 
employees, contractors, stakeholders and environment.
Capital Projects Management System Standard
• Assesses risks, including SD risks during the project 
engineering stage.
• Applies to all operated capital projects costing more than 
$50 million net.
HSE Waste Management Standard
• Prepares management plans for waste and produced water, 
evaluates the suitability of industrial disposal facilities and 
contracts only with approved facilities.
* Unless noted, standards and practices apply to ConocoPhillips and its subsidiaries 
globally, including all affiliated companies and joint ventures.
of risks. A preliminary due diligence assessment is conducted 
to identify significant risks, including social, environmental 
and political concerns, and define how they will be managed. 
As operated and non‑operated projects are developed and 
put forward for internal approval, consideration is given 
to environmental and social risks and their mitigation. For 
qualifying projects, our management system also requires 
assessment of climate, water, biodiversity and social risk for 
investment approval.
In managing our day‑to‑day operations, the HSE 
management system standard addresses operational risk 
and helps ensure that business activities are conducted in a 
safe, healthy and environmentally and socially responsible 
manner, aimed at preventing incidents, injuries, occupational 
illnesses, pollution and damage to assets. We believe 
incidents are preventable and that HSE considerations 
must be embedded into every task and business decision. 
We also provide guidance to address specific activities in 
our operations including waste management. This standard 
ensures all our assets have detailed plans to manage waste 
streams, minimize where possible, and ensure waste is 
directed to facilities that have been evaluated and approved 
by the company.
Environmental Performance Metrics  
Reporting Practice
• Outlines the requirements and company expectations 
for reporting the company’s environmental performance 
metrics.
Groundwater Assessment and Monitoring 
Guideline
• Provides guidance on when and how voluntary baseline 
sampling could be conducted through a risk-based 
approach.
• Available for use by operated assets and projects 
in areas not already covered by state-regulated 
groundwater baseline assessments.
Global Induced Seismicity Guideline
• Provides a method to characterize seismicity risks by 
assessing historical seismicity, identifying geological 
faults of concern, assessing existing or proposed 
injection operating conditions and considering proximity 
to people and population centers.
• Available for use by business units for the planning and 
operation of injection wells for operated assets and for 
screening third-party injection operations.
Zero Routine Flaring Guideline
• Provides guidance on application of the World Bank Zero 
Routine by 2030 Initiative for ConocoPhillips operations.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
13
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
13

Business Ethics
Our reputation and integrity depend on each employee, 
officer, director and those working on our behalf assuming 
personal responsibility for our business conduct. Led 
by our Chief Compliance Officer, our Global Compliance 
and Ethics team ensures adherence with applicable laws 
and the highest ethical standards, promotes a positive 
corporate reputation, reduces criminal and civil liability, and 
sets the tone for an ethical work environment. The team 
includes local ambassadors embedded in business units 
and functions who help support and administer our Global 
Compliance and Ethics program.  
Aspects of our compliance and ethics program relevant to 
financial reporting are annually reviewed by the company’s 
external auditor. Global compliance and ethics processes 
are periodically audited by our internal audit function and 
external compliance experts.
Code of Business Ethics  
and Conduct 
Our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct is the foundation 
of our compliance and ethics program, explaining our 
responsibilities and providing guidance for behaviors. 
It covers a range of topics including business ethics, 
competition law, anti‑corruption, gifts and entertainment, 
conflicts of interest and political involvement. 
All new employees receive business ethics code training as 
part of their new hire training curriculum. Current employees 
have access to web‑based training on the code at any 
time and are periodically required to repeat this training. 
Employees in positions that are most exposed to legal risks, 
such as corruption, take part in web‑based training and other 
targeted training. Employees may also receive training in 
competition law, anti‑boycott, economic sanctions, export 
controls, insider trading and political activities. 
We annually require employees to certify they have read the 
code, made all required disclosures and reported all potential 
concerns. With exceptions for certain types of leave, 100% of 
employees completed this certification in 2022.
Systems and Practices for 
Reporting Ethics Violations  
We encourage employees and contractors to ask questions 
and seek guidance about compliance and ethics matters, 
and we give them tools to guide ethical decision making. 
Employees also understand they have a responsibility 
to report actual or suspected misconduct. We have 
several confidential reporting mechanisms. Employees 
may speak to a trusted manager, supervisor, human 
resources representative or Global Compliance and Ethics 
representative. Additionally, there is an anonymous option. 
Any stakeholder, whether employee, contractor, shareholder 
or the general public, may report an actual or suspected 
violation of the code anonymously through our 24-hour 
Ethics Helpline. The helpline is hosted by a third party to 
ensure anonymity and is available worldwide via the web 
or phone in multiple languages. ConocoPhillips prohibits 
retaliation of any kind against employees for raising an 
ethical or legal concern.  
Global Compliance and Ethics receives questions, concerns 
and requests for advice from employees and stakeholders 
across our businesses. In 2022, we responded to these 
submissions and investigated alleged violations of our 
code. Remedial and disciplinary actions were taken 
whenever appropriate to support our commitment to ethics. 
Depending on the scale and type of concern, issues were 
elevated to provide appropriate management oversight. 
Senior management and the Audit and Finance Committee 
of the board were also provided regular updates on our 
program, so they could ensure that the program promotes 
ConocoPhillips’ SPIRIT Values, addresses the compliance 
and ethics risks in our business, and works effectively.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
14
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
14

Supply Chain 
Sustainability
Sustainability is integral to our procurement process. 
Through supplier engagement, supplier recognition and 
sustainable procurement, we continue to improve our 
business practices and operations to manage risk while 
increasing total value within the supply chain. We are 
committed to upholding our business ethics by supporting 
business opportunities and capacity building for local and 
diverse suppliers through our supply chain. 
Supplier Engagement 
As we integrate sustainable development into our key 
business activities, suppliers play a significant role. From 
constructing our facilities to managing our work camps, 
providing well services and supplying equipment, how they 
manage their impact on the environment and community 
is important to us and affects our overall sustainability 
performance. 
We regularly engage our suppliers through business reviews 
and supplier audits to: 
• Identify sustainable development opportunities and risks 
in the supply chains of critical categories. 
• Standardize Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to ensure 
alignment with our environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) objectives. 
• Track metrics, review performance and identify 
continuous improvement opportunities. 
• Share best practices for building supplier capacity 
throughout the supply chain. 
An important element of our ongoing engagement with 
key suppliers is our annual Supplier Sustainability Forum. 
In 2022, we hosted a hybrid virtual and in‑person forum to 
accommodate a diverse cross section of our key suppliers. 
With over 150 participants, including suppliers from more 
than 40 companies and ConocoPhillips representatives 
from across the globe, the agenda was designed to 
communicate our strategic 
sustainability objectives and 
collaborate with suppliers 
to manage and mitigate the 
environmental and social 
impacts from activities and 
operations throughout the 
supply chain. Through this 
forum, along with ongoing 
engagement, we are seeking 
to discuss how our suppliers 
can help us reduce our 
emissions while working to 
understand the approach they are taking to address their 
own emissions. Topics discussed included our: 
• Net‑zero operational GHG emissions ambition and our 
Triple Mandate.
• Climate risk strategy and targets.
• Low Carbon Technologies focus.
• Scope 3 Supplier Emissions Strategy.
2022 TOTAL SPEND BY SEGMENT
54% Lower 48
18% Europe
8% Canada
12% Alaska
6% Corporate
2% Asia Paciﬁc &
Middle East
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
15
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
15

The forum also included a panel discussion with 
ConocoPhillips leaders and industry association 
representatives from the National Association of 
Manufacturers and the Energy Workforce & Technology 
Council. Participants examined meaningful measures to 
show alignment in a world aiming for net‑zero, opportunities 
and challenges on the road to net‑zero, and opportunities for 
collaboration to benefit nature and communities.
Mitigating supplier risk is critical to support our operations 
through sustainable procurement. Driven by supplier 
stability concerns, we regularly monitor the financial 
health of suppliers. Additionally, supply chain leaders meet 
quarterly to proactively assess risk for over 150 business‑
critical suppliers and review status changes from the 
previous quarter. This process helps deliver on an important 
goal –  continuity of global operations through avoidance of 
supply or service interruptions. In 2022, we interacted with 
suppliers regularly to avert bottlenecks, strengthen ties, 
seek out emissions reduction opportunities, and address risk 
mitigations due to global supply chain disruptions and the 
lingering effects of the COVID‑19 pandemic. During sourcing 
events, we also conducted comprehensive contract risk 
classification assessments to quantify inherent risks and 
establish mitigation strategies prior to contract award. This 
process has been used across our Supply Chain organization 
globally for over 15 years. Engaging our suppliers to 
identify and manage risks allows us to mutually improve our 
sustainability performance. 
Our Norway business unit established supply chain systems 
and processes to account for matters related to human 
rights and working conditions, as addressed in the Norway 
Transparency Act and the United Kingdom Modern Slavery 
Act. As an example, we added contractual language 
requiring that suppliers comply with the Transparency Act. 
In addition, we actively participate in an industry association 
network to ensure consistency in how we approach our 
supplier community regarding the topic as well as having 
such network verify whether/how our suppliers address 
sustainability performance internally and with their 
supply chain. 
ConocoPhillips Australia is committed to ensuring that 
opportunities created through our business and supply 
chain are equitably accessible by Aboriginal and Torres 
Strait Islander Peoples, businesses and organizations. We 
hosted a workshop in October 2022 where we aligned 
with 13 of our tier one suppliers to support an APLNG 
Indigenous Participation Working Group. Read more about 
our commitment and the development of our Reflect 
Reconciliation Action Plan on our website.
Supplier Recognition 
The company’s annual Supplier Recognition Awards honor 
suppliers who positively impact our business, including 
a category focused on sustainability‑related activities. In 
2022, we raised the profile for minority, Indigenous and 
local suppliers by adding a diversity indicator to award 
submissions. Final awards ranged from delivery of safe and 
reliable shutdown logistics to support of a winterization/
flare reduction project. 2022 Supplier Recognition Award 
Winners are: 
• Atlas Energy Solutions, Inc.
• Bay Ltd
• Boon Energy Services, Inc.
• ChampionX Norge AS
• COSL
• Compass Well Services LLC
• Crossfire LLC
• Halliburton AS
• Hevilift (M) Sdn. Bhd.
• Honeywell Limited
• iO Data AS
• Leo and Sons LP
• LV Energy Services LTD
• Mistras Group INC
• NeoInsulation, LLC 
• TAMS Group Queensland Pty Ltd
• Tenaris Global Services USA Corporation
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
16
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
16

international trade laws, preserving data privacy and 
advancing respect for human rights. Furthermore, the 
document provides additional clarity to our suppliers 
regarding our expectations in these areas: 
Our contract templates incorporate requirements for export 
compliance and the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 
(FCPA) among other requirements. ConocoPhillips prohibits 
any form of money laundering and follows all domestic 
and international laws governing money laundering. 
ConocoPhillips strives to prevent money laundering 
through procurement policies, vetting, due diligence and 
payment processes.
Sustainable Procurement and 
Business Ethics 
The supply chain function contributes to the company’s 
sustainable development commitments by integrating 
sustainability into our processes and procedures. For 
example, in 2022 we added a global supplier due diligence 
minimum vetting protocol for supplier onboarding, which 
includes supplier capability, ownership, financial health, 
integrity, labor and human rights assessments, where 
appropriate. We engage with suppliers and contractors 
on sustainable development issues through our Quarterly 
Business Reviews, Supplier Relationship Management, 
Supplier Sustainability Forum and supplier audits.
Further integrating engagement on labor and human rights 
into our procurement processes and procedures includes 
recommended questions and contract language for 
supplier prequalifications, bids and audits. The questions 
and contracts directly address these issues and are based 
on our commitment to conduct our business consistent 
with the human rights philosophy expressed in our Code of 
Business Ethics and Conduct and our Supplier Expectations. 
We are committed to the California Transparency in Supply 
Chains Act of 2010, the United Kingdom Modern Slavery 
Act 2015, the Australia Modern Slavery Act 2018 and the 
Norway Transparency Act. 
We endeavor to conduct all contracting and procurement 
activities in an ethical manner in accordance with our 
Supply Chain Standard and applicable laws. We require 
suppliers to comply with certain requirements as a 
condition of business and to be guided by the principles 
and standards set forth in the ConocoPhillips Code of 
Business Ethics and Conduct (COBE) and their own ethics 
and conduct policies. Our Code of Business Ethics and 
Conduct: Expectations of Suppliers was updated in 2022 to 
align with updates to our COBE, specific to prevention of 
money laundering, complying with  
Suppliers must comply with applicable 
environmental laws and regulations and 
conduct business with respect and care 
for the environment, including utilizing 
energy and natural resources efficiently 
and managing waste, emissions and 
discharges responsibly.
We conduct our business consistently with 
the human rights philosophy expressed in 
the Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
and the International Labour Organization 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles and 
Rights at Work, and expect suppliers and 
contractors working on our behalf to be 
guided by these principles.
Contracts require that suppliers be guided 
in their performance for ConocoPhillips 
by the principles and standards set forth 
in the ConocoPhillips Code of Business 
Ethics and Conduct and their own 
ethics and conduct policies.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
17
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
17

Local Content and Employment 
We emphasize promoting supplier capacity building in our 
procurement and we expect our suppliers to do the same. 
We place a high priority on purchasing goods and services 
locally and are committed to giving local contractors and 
suppliers the opportunity to participate in projects and 
operating requirements, generally through a competitive 
bidding process. We seek opportunities to develop local 
suppliers and promote local hiring as appropriate to meet 
business needs. Read more about how we are creating 
shared value in communities on our website. 
Supplier Diversity 
We expect to do business with qualified suppliers that share 
our values, whether minority, woman, disabled, LGBTQ+ 
or veteran‑owned, small business enterprises, or global, 
local and Indigenous suppliers around the world. In the 
U.S., we do business with diverse companies and continue 
to provide access to business opportunities through our 
Supplier Diversity Program. This approach attracts qualified 
suppliers, stimulates local economic development, and 
creates long‑lasting social and economic benefits in our 
stakeholder communities. In the U.S., our 2022 Supplier 
Diversity Program totaled $621 million spent with Indigenous 
businesses, businesses owned by veterans, minorities, 
women, members of the LGBTQ+ community, service‑
disabled people and historically underutilized businesses 
(HUBs). Through our Supplier Diversity program, we actively 
participate in certifying and developing diverse, small and 
local businesses in the United States. 
In 2022, we elevated our U.S. Supplier Diversity program by 
assembling an advisory council comprised of seven senior 
company leaders who are actively engaged in building and 
enhancing our strategy in this space. 
Additionally in 2022, our Chief Procurement Officer joined 
the Houston Minority Supplier Development Council’s 
(HMSDC) Board of Directors. ConocoPhillips also supported 
the HMSDC, American Petroleum Institute and Blue Wave 
launch of a business training program for minority‑owned 
businesses to better position them to compete in our 
industry. The program was a 6‑month course which included 
health and safety, cybersecurity, quality, corporate policies, 
technical capabilities, finance and sustainability. Twenty 
companies successfully graduated from the program in 
October 2022.
LOCAL EMPLOYMENT
• Business unit, asset or project plans include 
support for local employment.
• Social investment initiatives support the 
strengthening of local capacity to respond to 
employment needs.
LOCAL PROCUREMENT
• Business unit, asset or project plans include 
support for local procurement and provide 
opportunities for local contractors and 
suppliers, and investment in supplier capacity 
building as appropriate.
LOCAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
• Certain business units support local business 
development initiatives or “incubators.”
• Where appropriate, social investment 
initiatives support strengthening of local 
business development.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
18
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
18

Key Stakeholders
Active stakeholder engagement and dialogue are an integral 
part of our sustainability commitment. This engagement is a 
key component of our action plans, and our business units 
develop fit‑for‑purpose solutions to assess and address 
stakeholder priorities at all stages of operations. 
SUPPORTING INDUSTRY DIALOGUE
FINANCIAL SECTOR COMMUNITIES EMPLOYEES SUPPLIERS GOVERNMENTS
Priorities
• Climate change
• Transition risk
• Nature
• Human capital
• Local employment and 
economic development
• Indigenous rights
• Clean air, water and 
natural environment
• Noise, traffic and local 
infrastructure
• Safety
• Training and education
• Emergency response
• Induced seismicity
• Compensation and 
benefits
• Career development
• Safety
• Environmental 
responsibility
• Company strategy
• Health and well‑being
• Ethics and compliance
• Diversity, equity and 
inclusion
• Performance 
expectations
• Cost efficiencies
• Alignment with 
climate risk, 
safety, innovation 
and sustainable 
development 
expectations
• Climate change
• Energy supply
• Economic 
development and job 
creation
• Environmental 
protection
• Regulatory 
enforcement
• Taxes and royalties
Engagement
• Investor presentations 
and conferences
• Analyst calls
• Annual shareholder 
meetings
• SEC filings
• Financial sector 
outreach
• Websites, media and 
social media
• Community investment 
programs
• Owner relations
• Community 
consultations and 
meetings
• Local business 
and employment 
opportunities
• Volunteering
• Performance 
management
• Training and 
development
• Internal 
communications
• Employee surveys
• Safety meetings
• DEI Council
• Code of Conduct and 
Ethics Helpline
• Volunteering
• Town halls and field 
visits
• Employee network 
groups
• Global wellness 
programs
• Bid process
• Contract negotiations
• Project management
• Supplier forums and 
meetings
• Annual performance 
reviews
• Advocacy
• Policy development
• Industry and 
trade association 
representation
• Regulatory compliance
• Permit reviews
• Regulatory audits
• Regional 
developments
Our stakeholders represent a diversity of communities 
and organizations. The breadth of the perspectives they 
provide gives us a greater understanding of concerns and 
expectations, as well as opportunities to create lasting value. 
We engage with our stakeholders in a range of ways as 
we work to improve our performance. The table below and 
following paragraphs explain who our stakeholders are, the 
issues that are important to them and how we engage them.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
19
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
19

About Our Reporting
To provide stakeholders with timely information, we use 
digital updates to provide performance examples and 
updates as they occur. These updates and our performance 
metrics are integrated into the foundational information on 
our website and consolidated into our sustainability hub. 
Performance metrics are updated annually. 
We also recognize that many stakeholders like to track year‑
by‑year reporting. Consolidated performance information 
and metrics can be found in the annual reports available 
in our company website’s Reports and Resources section. 
Stakeholders can also create customized reports, based on 
topics of interest, using our report builder. 
Issue Identification and 
Prioritization 
We are continuously evolving and refreshing our perspective 
on sustainability reporting by considering the most pressing 
issues affecting our external and internal stakeholders, the 
global community and our industry. 
External stakeholders include mainstream investors, 
ESG‑focused investors, banks, rating agencies and 
ESG‑focused nonprofit organizations, as well as community 
members, leaders, policy makers and regulators in the areas 
where we operate. Through meetings, correspondence and 
a review of publicly available materials, we gather opinions 
and input from key external stakeholders to further identify 
issues and potential impacts. Based upon this collaborative 
approach, we regularly review a list of potentially important 
issues across a range of topics from governance to safety to 
impacts on the environment and society.
Additionally, through our annual risk assessment process, 
each business unit identifies potential sustainability risks 
while considering the physical, social and political settings of 
our operations. Local concerns may influence the potential 
importance of these environmental and social matters, 
including cumulative effects. Each risk is assessed using a 
matrix that evaluates both its likelihood and consequence. 
In evaluating the consequence level, we consider potential 
impacts to stakeholders and the company. Annual 
discussions with key internal functions, including subject 
matter experts from issues working groups (IWGs), provide 
further input and prioritization of the topic list. 
This prioritization process is supplemented with analysis of 
the topics being considered by rating agencies and other 
survey questions, as well as recommended reporting for 
the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), 
Task Force on Climate‑related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
and the World Economic Forum: Measuring Stakeholder 
Capitalism. We also review the priority issues as publicly 
reported by industry peers to ensure alignment with 
identified industry issues. 
In 2022, we conducted a priority issues assessment to 
help identify and prioritize the reporting topics about our 
business as it relates to ESG. Participants included subject 
matter experts from nearly 20 of our key functions within the 
company who provided further insight and prioritized topics 
based on level of interest or concern to key stakeholders and 
strategic importance to the company. This process helped 
determine the significance of 20 sustainability topics. The 
ESG issues covered in this report reflect discussions with 
subject matter experts from across our company, findings 
from primary and secondary research, the feedback we 
received, and insights we gained through our ongoing 
engagement with stakeholders. 
In this year’s report, we focused our disclosure on topics 
most important to stakeholders, including climate, nature, 
community engagement and human capital management. 
Reporting Frameworks and Scope 
We report our sustainability performance using 
internationally recognized reporting standards and 
frameworks. This includes reporting guidelines, indicators 
and terminology developed by TCFD, SASB, IPIECA, Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards 2021, API Template 2.0 
for GHG Reporting, and the AXPC ESG Metrics Framework 
and Template. We also consider frameworks that are still 
evolving such as Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures (TNFD). We provide regular information to CDP 
for climate change, Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) 
and other organizations that assess the ESG performance 
of companies. We engage with MSCI, Sustainalytics and ISS 
E&S QualityScore, all of which rate us based on publicly 
available information. We have mapped relevant TCFD, SASB, 
Ipieca, GRI and UN Global Compact Principles disclosures 
for stakeholder convenience, and we continue to assess 
alignment with other emerging frameworks. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
20
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
20

The 2022 Sustainability Report covers data from January 1 
to December 31, 2022. Notes to our metrics outline 
the scope and methodologies of our data reporting. 
2022 PRIORITY ISSUE ISSUE DESCRIPTION
Governance and Economic Dimension *
Carbon Asset Risk Identifying the financial risk of stranded reserves and infrastructure.
Low Carbon Technologies Capability to assess and advance low carbon business opportunities that are consistent 
with shareholder interests. 
Business Ethics Adhering to applicable laws and the highest ethical standards.
Transparency and Corruption Promoting transparency to reduce corruption, improve government accountability  
and foster economic stability.
SD Governance Process Having a comprehensive governance framework, including oversight from the  
Board of Directors, in place to manage SD risks and opportunities.
Environment
Carbon Policy Considering legislation and regulation related to climate change and a transition  
to a lower carbon economy.
Energy Efficiency Reducing the amount of energy required to find and produce natural gas and oil.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reducing GHGs emitted during natural gas and oil production and developing  
a directional roadmap to meet net‑zero ambition for operational emissions.
Methane Reducing methane emitted during natural gas and oil production.
Biodiversity Mitigating impacts from activities and operations on threatened or at ‑risk species or habitats.
Produced Water Managing discharge, disposal and/or recycling of produced water for offshore and onshore 
operations including potential impacts to receiving environments and seismicity.
Water Sourcing Securing sustainable and economic water sources for exploration, drilling,  
completions or production.
Supply Chain Assessing risks related to environment, including GHGs, biodiversity and water.
Social
Stakeholder Engagement Respectfully engaging with local stakeholders and Indigenous Peoples to understand their 
interests, concerns and culture, seeking solutions that create mutually beneficial relationships 
and integrating those into planning and decision ‑making.
Community Investment Investing in communities to support giving categories including education, natural resources, 
health and safety, arts, civic and social services, and disaster relief.
Human Rights Implementing human rights policies and practices that promote respect for civil, cultural, 
economic, political and social rights, consistent with the Universal Declaration of 
Human Rights (UDHR) and United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.
Local Content Creating economic stimulus in the communities where we operate through job creation 
and socioeconomic development initiatives.
Safety and Health Creating and maintaining a safe and healthy workplace that is free of injuries,  
fatalities and illness.
Supporting our People Attracting and retaining talent, offering training and development for workers to build 
capability and career opportunities while promoting diversity, equity and inclusion.
Supply Chain Assessing risks related to due diligence and respect for human rights.
* Other aspects of governance are fully addressed in our Annual Report and Proxy Statement.
The minimum boundary for reporting on social and 
environmental priorities is the assets we operate. 
Read about our Disclosure, Data Quality and Assurance 
on our website. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
21
Integrating Sustainability
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
21

Building a Resilient Strategy 
for the Energy Transition
Managing Climate-Related Risks
• Published a progress report on our Plan for the Net‑Zero 
Energy Transition to describe key milestones achieved 
throughout 2022 as we advance our efforts to manage 
through the energy transition and address the associated 
risks and opportunities.
• Developed a new net‑zero scenario modeling the 
collective global government and societal actions that 
would be required to align with limiting warming to 
1.5 degrees.
• Improved our Paris‑aligned target framework with 
progress against our targets, including:
• Strengthening our previously announced operational 
GHG emissions intensity reduction target to 50‑60% 
by 2030 on both a gross operated and net equity 
basis from a 2016 baseline.
• Achieving near‑zero methane emissions intensity by 
2030. This goal was set in response to meeting our 
10% methane emissions intensity reduction target 
four years early, from a 2019 baseline.
• Achieving a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, 
five years sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s 
goal of 2030.
• Spent approximately $150 million on Scope 1 and 2 
emissions reductions and low‑carbon opportunities.
• Joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 
Initiative, a globally recognized initiative for methane 
emissions measurement and reporting.
• Compared to 2021, reduced our operational GHG 
emissions on both an intensity and absolute basis by 14%.
• Reduced both our methane intensity and flaring intensity 
(4% and 12% respectively) and decreased total flaring 
volumes by 13% compared to 2021. Routine flaring 
decreased 90% from 2021.
• Developed an implementation plan for our Scope 3 
Supplier Emissions Strategy to address climate‑related 
risks in our supply chain.
• Demonstrated active advocacy for an economy‑
wide U.S. carbon price that would directly address 
consumer demand for energy and end‑use (Scope 3) 
emissions. Supported policy advocacy beyond carbon 
pricing to include other end‑use emissions policy and 
regulatory action.
• Advanced several energy transition and low‑carbon 
technologies efforts, including LNG and potential CCS 
and hydrogen projects.
2022 PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
In a world aiming for net‑zero emissions, we have a framework that consists of the 
governance, strategic capability, risk management processes and disclosure to 
demonstrate resilience across a range of transition scenarios. Our current Climate Risk 
Strategy and actions for our oil and gas operations are aligned with the aims of the 
Paris Agreement while being responsive to shareholder interests for long‑term value 
and competitive returns.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
22
Climate

New electric compression 
packages were recently added 
to the Delaware West Central 
Facility 3 in the Permian Basin.
Governance Framework
Our comprehensive climate‑related risk governance framework extends from the Board of Directors through executive and 
senior management to the working levels in each of our business units (BUs).
Board Oversight
The ConocoPhillips Board of Directors oversees our position 
on climate change and related strategic planning and risk 
management policies and procedures, including those 
for managing climate‑related risks and opportunities. 
In particular, the board reviews:
• Sustainable development risk management processes.
• Enterprise risk management policy and output.
• Corporate strategy and Climate Risk Strategy.
• Energy transition scenarios and planning.
• GHG emissions intensity target and progress.
• Low Carbon Technologies plans.
The board delegates certain elements of climate oversight 
functions to one or more of the five standing committees: 
• Executive
• Audit and Finance
• Human Resources and Compensation
• Directors’ Affairs
• Public Policy and Sustainability
Each committee, other than the Executive Committee, is 
made up of independent directors and convenes at least 
quarterly. Issues considered by the committees are, as 
appropriate, regularly reported to the full board.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
23
Climate

The Audit and Finance Committee (AFC) oversees enterprise 
risk management (ERM). The AFC facilitates appropriate 
coordination among the committees to ensure that our risk 
management processes, including those related to climate 
change, are functioning properly with necessary steps taken 
to foster a culture of prudent decision making throughout 
the company. The AFC receives annual updates on how, 
through the ERM system, we address, mitigate and manage 
enterprise risk, including climate‑related considerations 
that influence market, reputational, operational and 
political risks. 
The Public Policy and Sustainability Committee (PPSC) 
is responsible for identifying, evaluating and monitoring 
climate‑related trends and risks that could affect business 
activities and performance. In 2022, the PPSC met 
five times, received in‑depth briefings and engaged in 
discussions on the following climate‑related topics:
• Development and implementation of strategies for climate 
risk, the energy transition, supplier emissions, financial 
sector engagement and low‑carbon technologies.
• Improvement to target‑setting with addition of near‑
zero methane intensity goal and commitments under 
OGMP 2.0.
• Reporting and disclosure efforts including SD report issue 
prioritization, framework mapping, integrated reporting, 
low‑carbon technology communications and elevated 
assurance process updates.
• Review of our feedback to the E&P Net‑Zero Principles 
created by the Ceres Investor Network‑led Roundtable.
• Review of ESG trends in the financial sector and 
climate‑related shareholder resolutions.
• Review of SD achievements in 2022 and priorities 
for 2023.
Actions from the PPSC are reported to the full board at the 
next board meeting on a quarterly basis.
Other board committees also address climate‑related 
issues. The Human Resources and Compensation Committee 
reviews executive compensation and performance‑based 
components, including sustainability performance. Annual 
incentive programs promote responsibility for sustainability 
progress throughout all levels of the organization as well 
as achievement of strategic milestones and objectives 
that address stakeholder issues essential to sustaining 
excellence in environmental and social performance.
Read more about the skills and qualifications of our 
board members.
Executive Management
The Executive Leadership Team (ELT) manages climate‑
related risks and opportunities and drives the business in 
implementing climate‑related plans, including:
• Reviewing and approving GHG pricing forecasts for 
inclusion in our Long‑Range Planning and project 
authorization reviews.
• Supporting climate‑related Variable Compensation 
Incentive Plan milestones.
• Reviewing the GHG emissions Long‑Range Plan and 
peer analysis.
• Approving plans for advancing low‑carbon technologies 
and transition opportunities.
The Executive Vice President (EVP), Strategy, Sustainability 
and Technology, who reports to the chief executive officer, 
has overall accountability for corporate planning and 
development, including corporate strategy and Long‑Range 
Planning. The EVP, Strategy, Sustainability and Technology, 
has ultimate responsibility for climate risk management 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
24
Climate

and the implementation of our net‑zero ambition. The 
SVP, Government Affairs is responsible for government 
engagement and advocacy on climate‑related public policy. 
In addition, the Sustainability and Public Policy Executive 
Council (SPEC), a subcommittee of the Executive Leadership 
Team, leads global oversight of existing and emerging 
sustainable development and public policy risks including 
climate change.
Members of SPEC met five times during the year for 
detailed briefing and discussion on emerging climate‑related 
issues, strategic priorities and the Climate Risk Strategy. 
Examples of climate‑related issues reviewed by SPEC during 
2022 include:
• SD report highlights, reporting landscape overview and 
assurance process updates.
• Our external collaboration with the Ceres Investor 
Network‑led E&P Net‑Zero Principles Roundtable and our 
financial sector engagement strategy.
• Review of climate‑related shareholder resolutions and 
proposed revisions to ESG milestones within the Variable 
Cash Incentive Program.
• Net‑zero governance process and review of SD priorities 
for 2023.
Climate‑related risks are communicated and integrated 
into strategy through the SD risk management process 
and ERM system. Climate‑related risks from the corporate 
SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant enterprise risks. 
Owners of these enterprise risks, who are ELT members or 
senior managers, are briefed on the risks and our mitigation 
activities. Enterprise risks are then presented to the Audit 
and Finance Committee of the board. The climate‑related 
risk category is managed by the SD team; the EVP, Strategy, 
Sustainability and Technology and SVP, Government Affairs 
are jointly accountable for this risk.
• Public Policy 
and Sustainability 
Committee
• Sustainability and
Public Policy
Executive Council
• Business Unit 
Leadership
• Subject Matter Experts
• Global SD Issues 
Working Groups
• HSE Leadership
• Sustainable
Development Team
• Business Unit
Presidents
• Function Heads
Note: Each layer represents a governance level and 
the corresponding membership entity/support.
EXECUTIVE
LEADERSHIP
TEAM
SUSTAINABLE
DEVELOPMENT
LEADERSHIP
TEAM
OPERATIONS
BOARD OF
DIRECTORS
GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK
Feedback and communication at all levels of the chain 
is an important feature of our governance structure.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
25
Climate

Organizational 
Management
Sustainable Development 
Leadership Team 
The Sustainable Development Leadership Team (SDLT) is 
comprised of global business unit presidents and functional 
department heads supported by the SD team. Chaired by the 
vice president, Sustainable Development, the SDLT consults 
on and facilitates alignment on SD strategic priorities, goals, 
action plans and results throughout the company. 
Sustainable Development Team 
The SD team is responsible for advising the ELT and board 
on long‑term climate‑related risks and opportunities for 
our business and ensuring that these issues are integrated 
appropriately into strategic decisions. The SD team reports 
to the executive vice president, Strategy, Sustainability and 
Technology, who reports to the chief executive officer. The 
vice president, Sustainable Development, leads the standing 
SD agenda item for the PPSC.
The SD team works closely with the Environmental 
Assurance group within the Health, Safety and Environment 
(HSE) function to provide and validate environmental 
metrics for public disclosure and track our performance 
against those metrics, aiming for completeness, accuracy 
and consistency. The groups collaborate to ensure that 
the requisite climate risk tools, processes and procedures 
are developed and integrated into our activities. The SD 
team also works with the Low Carbon Technologies (LCT) 
organization on cross‑functional efforts to achieve our 
net‑zero operational emissions ambition. The individual SD 
and LCT governance processes are each fit‑for‑business 
governance structures established to drive oversight 
and accountability.
Governance of Net-Zero 
Operational Emissions Ambition 
In 2022, we established a governance structure and decision 
framework to operationalize and achieve our net‑zero 
operational emissions ambition through business planning, 
collaboration, project execution, technology advancement 
and innovation that complements our Sustainable 
Development governance structure and decision framework. 
The Net‑Zero Executive Council (NZEC) and Net‑Zero 
Leadership Team (NZLT) will provide the direction and 
decision making necessary to properly resource and execute 
actions to achieve our net‑zero ambition. Our executives’ 
engagement and ownership of these efforts will drive 
accountability and action across the company.
NZEC provides oversight and direction on enterprise‑
wide strategies, policies and progress toward achieving 
our net‑zero operational emissions ambition and interim 
emissions reduction targets. With coordinated membership 
and timing, NZEC and SPEC meet regularly to align net‑zero 
objectives with our Climate Risk Strategy and external 
commitments. Responsibilities include:
• Setting strategic priorities relating to emissions 
reductions efforts, including goal setting, pace of 
execution and progress.
• Approving annual marginal abatement cost curve 
(MACC) budget, informed by the Net‑Zero Operational 
Emissions Roadmap.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
26
Climate

NZLT, whose membership includes BU presidents and 
leaders within LCT, HSE, Global Technical Functions, SD, IT, 
Planning and Development, Legal and Public Policy, provides 
oversight on operationalizing the net‑zero operational 
emissions ambition in our BUs and provides functional 
support and subject matter expertise. The NZLT addresses 
tactical implementation issues and decisions relating to 
BU‑level target setting, ensuring alignment with corporate 
targets. Responsibilities include:
• Establish goals aligned with BU emissions reduction 
programs, corporate targets and strategy.
• Drive accountability, alignment, focus and action for 
execution.
• Champion BU strategy and endorse potential BU 
roadmaps. Read more about our Operational Net‑Zero 
Roadmap.
• Drive alignment and set consistent messaging across 
the organization.
GOVERNANCE ALIGNMENT
Sustainable Development
SPEC & SDLT
Net-Zero 
NZEC & NZLT
Setting strategy through external targets
Climate risk strategy focus
External communication and disclosure
Setting emissions target metrics
Corporate strategy integration
SD function principally accountable
Enabling strategy through BU execution
Net-Zero “operationalization” focus
Internal communication and planning
Translating targets into BU goals
BU operational strategy integration
LCT function principally accountable
NZEC and NZLT are also supported and advised by the 
cross‑functional Net‑Zero Advisory Council (NZAC). NZAC 
are partners for collaboration alongside Low Carbon 
Technologies to:
• Provide input to MACC process for clarity and 
observability to potential pathways to net‑zero by 2050.
• Work with internal teams to address and articulate 
potential capital and resource requirements for meeting 
our operational net‑zero ambition.
• Engage with internal stakeholders to ensure emissions 
reduction strategies are embedded into our core 
ConocoPhillips culture.
• Ensure we have the right tools and process to plan, 
execute and track our emissions reductions efforts within 
a flexible framework responsive to shifts in regulations 
and technology. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
27
Climate

Operations
Each ConocoPhillips business unit is responsible for 
identifying and monitoring near‑ and medium‑term climate‑
related risks and opportunities and integrating sustainability 
issues, as appropriate, into day‑to‑day operations, project 
development and decision making. BUs participate in our 
internal HSE auditing program as well as an annual goal‑
setting process that includes the Climate Change Action 
Plan to mitigate risks and a GHG emissions intensity target; 
they report progress to the ELT.
The SD team leads the Climate Change Issues Working 
Group (CCIWG), an internal, global, cross‑functional group 
for knowledge sharing among business units and functions. 
Subject matter experts from the business units are members 
of the CCIWG, which meets quarterly to discuss climate‑
related risk, including:
• Internal activities to address climate‑related risks and 
opportunities, including energy efficiency and operational 
emissions reduction projects.
• Developments in operational emissions reduction 
technology.
• The outlook for GHG prices that might impact our 
operations.
• Climate‑related Long‑Range Planning issues.
• Legislative and regulatory actions and related activities 
and positions of trade associations.
• Emerging climate‑related risks.
The objective of the CCIWG is to share key climate‑related 
risk learnings across the company, identify issues and work 
to resolve them as they arise. The CCIWG also provides input 
from subject matter experts on climate‑related processes, 
procedures and issues prior to review by the SDLT.
Climate-Linked 
Compensation
Climate‑related performance is considered in our annual 
short‑term Variable Cash Incentive Program (VCIP) that 
applies to all employees. In 2022, this performance was 
considered within our Strategic and ESG Milestones where 
we demonstrated progress toward our Paris‑aligned climate 
risk framework by establishing new methane and flaring 
targets, executing more than 90 operational emissions 
reduction projects and advancing business development 
opportunities for low‑carbon investments.
The company is also closely engaged with the Human 
Resources and Compensation Committee to ensure our 
emissions reduction and climate‑related goals continue to 
be reflected in our employee and executive compensation 
programs. To add additional accountability to reducing 
our GHG emissions intensity, the 2023 VCIP will include a 
stand‑alone measure requiring that we achieve an annual 
GHG emissions intensity aligned with our 2030 target 
trajectory range.
Read more about how sustainability performance is a 
component of executive compensation.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
28
Climate

Key Processes
Climate‑related considerations are integrated into the 
following key business planning processes for the company:
• Scenario planning.
• Corporate strategy.
• Long‑Range Plan.
• SD risk management process.
• Enterprise Risk Management.
Our SD risk management process, risk register and Climate 
Change Action Plan are used to identify risks, guide goal 
setting and track performance. Line‑of‑sight goals for 
business units and key functions are shown as specific 
action items within the action plan. Progress against the plan 
is reported through our governance structure to the ELT and 
Board of Directors.
Adjust, Innovate and
Continuously Improve
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM APPROACH TO SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT RISK
Communicate risks to 
executives and Board of 
Directors; input to Enterprise 
Risk Management.
ENGAGE
MEASURE AND MONITOR
Track and assess 
actions.
IDENTIFY AND MAP
Develop risk register which ranks 
corporate-wide and local risks.
ADDRESS RISK
Collaborate on strategies 
and action plans to 
manage ranked risks.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
29
Climate

Strategy
Our objective is to manage climate‑related risk, optimize 
opportunities and better equip the company to respond to 
evolving investor sentiment, technologies for emissions 
reduction, alternative energy technologies and uncertainties 
such as government policies.
The continually evolving energy landscape requires a 
strategy that will remain robust across a range of potential 
future outcomes. Our strategy is comprised of four pillars:
• Targets: Our framework consists of a hierarchy of 
targets — a long-term ambition that sets the direction and 
aim of the strategy, medium‑term performance targets 
for operational GHG emissions and methane intensity, 
and near‑term targets for flaring and methane intensity 
reductions that guide implementation of our strategy. 
• Technology choices: We continue to enhance our 
emissions reduction programs in our current operations, 
while also evaluating new opportunities and technologies 
that can closely integrate with our global operations, 
markets and competencies.
• Portfolio choices: We have integrated climate‑related risk 
into our portfolio decision making through consideration 
of carbon pricing and focusing on low cost‑of‑supply, low 
GHG intensity resources.
• External engagement: Our stakeholders’ points of view 
inform the evolution of our climate‑related frameworks, 
actions and public policy. 
Progress in these four pillars is demonstrated throughout 
the following sections. Across the pillars, our strategy takes 
into consideration transition demand, results from scenario 
planning, near‑, medium‑, and long‑term risks and ways to 
address impacts from those risks. 
Plan for the Net-Zero 
Energy Transition
Overview
An important component of our Climate Risk Strategy is the 
Plan for the Net-Zero Energy Transition, first published in our 
Proxy Statement in 2022. The plan shows how we intend to 
play a valued role in the energy transition by executing on 
our Triple Mandate: reliably and responsibly meeting energy 
transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns 
on and of capital and achieving our net‑zero operational 
emissions ambition.
First, meeting transition pathway energy demand requires 
a focus on delivering production that will best compete in 
any transition scenario. This production will be delivered 
from resources with a competitive cost of supply and low 
GHG intensity, as well as diversity by market and asset type. 
Next, in delivering competitive returns, ConocoPhillips has 
been a leader in shifting the exploration and production 
sector’s value proposition away from one focused on 
¹  Scope 1 and 2 emissions on a net equity and gross operated basis.
TRIPLE MANDATE
ACHIEVE 
NET-ZERO 
OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS 
AMBITION1
MEET 
TRANSITION
PATHWAY DEMAND
DELIVER 
COMPETITIVE 
RETURNS
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
30
Climate

production toward one focused on returns. Finally, to drive 
accountability for the emissions that are within our control, 
we are progressing toward achieving our net‑zero Scope 1 
and 2 emissions ambition.
In service of these three objectives, our plan describes how 
the company will: 
Maintain strategic flexibility:
• Build a resilient asset portfolio with a focus on low cost of 
supply and low GHG intensity to meet transition pathway 
energy demand.
• Commit to capital discipline through use of a fully 
burdened cost of supply, including cost of carbon, as the 
primary basis for capital allocation.
• Track the energy transition through a comprehensive 
scenario planning process to calibrate and understand 
alternative energy transition pathways and test the 
resilience of our corporate strategy to climate risk. 
Reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions:
• Set targets for emissions over which we have ownership 
and control, with an ambition to become a net‑zero 
company for Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.
Address Scope 3 emissions:
• Advocate for a well‑designed, economy‑wide price on 
carbon and engage in development of other policy and 
legislation to address end‑use emissions.
• Work with our suppliers for alignment on GHG emissions 
reductions.
Contribute to an orderly energy transition:
• Build an attractive LNG portfolio.
• Evaluate potential investments in emerging energy 
transition and low‑carbon technologies. 
The Energy Transition Challenge
Meeting the central aim of the Paris Agreement to 
strengthen the response to climate change is a worldwide 
imperative for which governments and companies alike 
have adopted net‑zero ambitions. The resulting energy 
transition will be complex, with many possible pathways 
and uncertainties—more likely an evolution than a 
near‑term step‑change. We acknowledge the urgency and 
importance of limiting global average temperature increases. 
ConocoPhillips is applying its strategic capabilities and 
resources to meet this challenge in an economically viable, 
accountable and actionable way that balances the interests 
of our stakeholders. Our goal is to support an orderly 
transition that matches supply to demand and focuses 
on returns on and of capital while safely and responsibly 
delivering affordable energy. 
Our plan does not include a Scope 3 (end‑use) emissions 
target. We recognize that end‑use emissions must be 
reduced to meet global climate objectives. However, it is our 
view that supply‑side constraints through Scope 3 targets 
for North American and European upstream oil and gas 
producers would be counterproductive to climate goals. In 
the absence of policy measures that address global demand 
and with the shape and pace of technology and policy yet 
to be determined, Scope 3 targets would shift production to 
other global operators, potentially eroding energy security 
and affordability.
The plan was endorsed by the board’s PPSC and was 
designed to help investors and other stakeholders gain an 
understanding of the valued role ConocoPhillips intends to 
play in an orderly energy transition. 
Since first publishing the plan, we have continued to focus 
on implementing our Climate Risk Strategy and advancing 
the plan’s objectives. Our commitment to these efforts is 
demonstrated by our achievements made to date — many 
of which have been completed ahead of schedule. As we 
achieve our goals, we fine‑tune our strategy and refine our 
commitments in ongoing alignment with the aims of the 
Paris Agreement.
Through our ongoing consideration of transition scenarios, 
the strategic planning process and stakeholder engagement, 
we expect the plan to continue evolving as the energy 
transition progresses over time. The following table shows 
our progress on key milestones since the plan’s first 
publication. Updates represent progress through the end of 
2022 and include our 2023 plans to continue advancing our 
strategy to remain resilient under any scenario. Reflecting 
the recommended TCFD report structure, the following 
components of the plan are linked and detailed elsewhere in 
this report.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
31
Climate

STRATEGIC 
FLEXIBILITY
Resilient 
Portfolio  
and Scenario 
Analysis
• Continued focus on low cost of supply and low GHG intensity resources that meet transition pathway energy demand.
• Developed a new net‑zero scenario modeling the collective global government and societal actions that would be 
required to align with limiting warming to 1.5 degrees.
• Assets with less than 10 kg CO2e/BOE are projected to represent a larger portion of our portfolio by 2030.
REDUCING SCOPE 1 AND 2 EMISSIONS
Methane
• Achieved near‑term 10% methane intensity reduction target four years early.
• Reduced methane intensity by ~70% since 2015.
• Set new target to achieve near‑zero methane intensity by 2030 (1.5 kg CO2e/BOE or approximately 0.15%  
of natural gas produced).
• Joined OGMP 2.0 and Veritas initiatives to improve methane measurement and reporting transparency.
Flaring
• On schedule to meet the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring goal by 2025.
• In 2022, routine flaring decreased nearly 90% from 2021.
Overall GHG
• Strengthened GHG intensity reduction target to 50‑60% by 2030 from a 2016 baseline for both gross operated  
and net equity emissions.
• Achieved 41% gross operated and 36% net equity GHG intensity reductions by year‑end 2022 from 2016.
• Spent approximately $150 million on Scope 1 and 2 emissions reductions and low‑carbon opportunities in 2022.
• Participated in a Ceres‑led Roundtable to discuss solutions for reaching net‑zero emissions with cross‑sector 
participation from the financial sector and exploration and production (E&P) oil and gas companies.
• Tasked each global business unit with developing potential options to achieve our operational net‑zero ambition.
• Expanded third‑party limited assurance to all sustainability disclosures in this Sustainability Report.
• Began chairing a National Petroleum Council study on GHG emissions reduction across the U.S. natural gas value chain.
Offsets
• Began evaluating diversified investments in offset projects and funds, such as Climate Asset Management’s  
Nature‑Based Carbon fund which has supported the Restore Africa Programme. Supporting offset projects in Mexico 
aimed at improved forest management for future offset issuance.
ADDRESSING END-USE (SCOPE 3) EMISSIONS  
AND CONTRIBUTING TO THE ENERGY TRANSITION
Advocacy and  
Public Policy
• Expanded policy advocacy beyond carbon pricing to include end‑use emissions policy and regulatory action such as 
direct federal regulation of methane, supporting alternative transportation and power generation, and national policy 
recommendations on natural gas across the value chain.
• Continued support of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC) and Americans for Carbon Dividends (AFCD)  
to advance carbon pricing in the U.S. as the most effective and predictable policy action to reduce GHG emissions 
across the economy. 
• Worked closely with members of the Business Roundtable (BRT) and the American Petroleum Institute (API)  
to engage with the Voluntary Carbon Markets Initiative.
• Working with World Bank’s Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC) as a private sector partner to share  
and expand the evidence base for effective carbon pricing.
 Supply Chain 
Engagement
• Incorporated Scope 3 supplier emissions into targeted supplier evaluations.
• Held annual ConocoPhillips Supplier Sustainability Forum to share key sustainability messages and best practices.
• Began building a governance framework for supplier sustainability.
• Collaborating with industry groups and third‑party partners to align on collection, reporting and supplier engagement 
for supplier emissions.
LNG
• Purchased an additional 10% shareholding interest in Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) in 2022 and in 2023  
announced plans to acquire up to an additional 2.49% shareholding interest.
• In the first quarter of 2023, purchased an equity interest in new large‑scale LNG facility with Sempra Infrastructure 
and secured 5 MTPA of offtake.
• Signed agreements to supply long‑term LNG to Germany in partnership with QatarEnergy.
CCS
• Continued evaluation of potential opportunities to develop carbon capture and storage (CCS) hubs along the 
U.S. Gulf Coast.
• Joined Canada’s Oil Sands Pathways Alliance working toward net‑zero by 2050 through CCS.
• Established strategic technology partnership with a chemistry innovator to advance CCS process capability for 
deployment in company projects.
Hydrogen
• Evaluating the development of blue and green ammonia as a low‑carbon power generation fuel from  
the U.S. Gulf Coast with Japanese energy company JERA.
• Invested in a venture with Canadian energy technology company Ekona Power to develop hydrogen production 
technology through methane pyrolysis.
2022-2023 PROGRESS REPORT
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
32
Climate

Managing Our Energy  
Transition Plan
ENERGY TRANSITION ACTIVITIES
Planning for the energy transition requires a variety of 
sectors to collaborate and work together to drive change. 
Our emphasis on these activities is inﬂuenced by ongoing 
engagement with our stakeholders.
Offsets
Carbon Capture 
and Storage
Production
Efficiency Electrification
Methane 
and Flaring 
Reductions
Portfolio
High-Grading
Hydrogen
Supply Chain
Engagement Advocacy
We acknowledge the findings of the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
that GHG emissions from the use of fossil fuels 
contribute to increases in global temperatures. 
We also recognize the importance that current 
science places on limiting global average 
temperature increases to below 2-degrees 
Celsius compared to pre-industrial times, and to 
achieve that, current science shows that global 
GHG emissions need to reach net-zero in the 
second half of this century. We support the 
Paris Agreement as a welcomed global policy 
response to that challenge. 
We have had a public global climate change 
position since 2003. The position is reviewed 
periodically, agreed to by the Executive 
Leadership Team and then recommended 
to the board. Read more about our Climate 
Change Position.
As we navigate an uncharted energy transition in coming 
years and decades, the plan will evolve in the same way 
it has developed: through experienced professionals, 
well‑practiced processes, meaningful action, ongoing 
engagement and learnings from best practices. Our subject 
matter experts will closely monitor transition drivers 
including technology, policy and market sentiment. We will 
continue to actively collaborate with peers, industry experts 
and financial sector stakeholders to better understand these 
drivers and learn from best practices. We are also actively 
engaged throughout the entire organization — including 
our Board of Directors, Executive Leadership Team and 
operations teams — for successful strategy alignment and 
implementation. 
Our Triple Mandate will drive continued focus and 
accountability for both returns and resilience, allowing 
us to play a valued, meaningful role in a managed and 
orderly energy transition. The updates in this report reflect 
our commitment to reducing Scope 1 and 2 emissions, 
addressing end‑use emissions (Scope 3) in our supply chain 
and through policy advocacy, and developing business 
opportunities in LNG, CCS and hydrogen. We are well 
positioned to continue to execute this plan and participate 
in energy transition opportunities, while also fulfilling our 
commitment to create long‑term value for our stakeholders. 
We intend to report on continued implementation of our plan 
and provide periodic updates on our website. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
33
Climate

Scenario Analysis
IEA Energy Outlook
We reference two energy scenarios from the International 
Energy Agency (IEA) 2022 World Energy Outlook that 
illustrate future demand and track the Paris Agreement 
goal of reducing global GHG emissions to limit the global 
temperature increase to 2 degrees Celsius while pursuing 
efforts to limit warming to 1.5 degrees. These scenarios 
reflect changes in total energy demand in 2050 as compared 
to 2021:
• Announced Pledges: Total energy demand increases by 
just over 1%.
• Net Zero Emissions: Total energy demand declines by 
more than 14%.
Total demand stays flat compared to 2021 in the Announced 
Pledges scenario but declines in the Net Zero Emissions 
scenario. Demand for natural gas and oil has different 
outcomes across the IEA scenarios.
Even in the Net Zero Emissions scenario, 2050 oil demand 
remains at 19 MMBOD and natural gas at 20 MMBOED and, 
despite a reallocation of capital to renewables, significant 
investment in upstream natural gas and oil is still required. 
IEA estimates this to average $394 billion each year from 
2022 to 2050 globally in the Announced Pledges Scenario 
(APS) and $255 billion per year from 2022 to 2050 in the 
Net Zero Emissions scenario, a total of approximately 
$11.4 trillion globally and $7 .4 trillion respectively for the 
period 2022 to 2050.
Achieving the IEA APS (limiting temperature to 1.7 degrees 
Celsius) requires significant progress on several fronts:1
• Improving energy efficiency of power generation, 
transportation and industrial processes. 
• Reducing emissions from fossil fuels or capturing and 
storing or utilizing those emissions.
• Increasing clean energy electricity, innovation and 
investment.
The APS requires achieving all major national emissions 
reduction targets made by governments around the world, 
as well as meeting all country‑level targets in full for access 
to energy/electricity. This includes supporting policies that 
could reduce the need for coal‑fired capacity or even halt 
new coal investment through cost‑effective, low‑emissions 
electricity deployment. Even with these changes and 
requirements, APS will still require flexibility to use existing 
infrastructure while new options are being developed to 
replicate natural gas services. Such flexibility requirements 
in the power sector may be met with low‑carbon hydrogen 
and hydrogen‑based fuels. Oil and gas resources will still 
be needed in the APS but will be consolidated to include 
a smaller number of low‑cost, responsible producers. 
Changes in the energy system will take time, as energy 
infrastructure components have long asset lives and require 
cross‑sector, system‑wide changes and retrofits to meet 
new specifications. 
1  The Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS), a component of previous IEA scenarios, is not featured in the most recent edition of the World Energy Outlook, as temperature outcomes and 
sustainable development goals in the SDS are similar to those in the APS.
Oil Natural Gas Coal
Nuclear Traditional Biomass Renewables
Source: © OECD/IEA 2022 World Energy Outlook, IEA Publishing. License: www.iea.org
Note: EJ converted to MMBOE at 173.727 per EJ.
 
IEA WORLD ENERGY OUTLOOK 
SCENARIOS – 2050
MMBOED
Announced
Pledges
Scenario
Temp: 1.7°C
Oil Price: $60
2021 Net Zero
Emissions 
Scenario
Temp: 1.5°C
Oil Price: $24
Fossil Fuels
79%
Fossil Fuels
39%
Fossil Fuels
18%
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400 In 2050Actuals
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
34
Climate

The Net Zero Emissions scenario provides useful 
hypothetical data to inform the decisions to be made by 
policymakers, who have the greatest scope to move the 
world closer to its climate goals. The assumptions used in 
the scenario are challenging. For example:
• Reducing energy demand by almost 14% from 2021 levels 
would require reverting energy demand back to 2010 
levels, while supporting 3 billion more people with three 
times the economic activity. 
• Increasing the share of renewable electricity supply to 
the level assumed in 2050 would require annual capacity 
additions four times the record capacity achieved in 2020. 
The electricity market in 2050 is assumed to be 150% 
greater than the market in 2021, the equivalent of adding 
an electricity market the size of India every year between 
now and then. 
• Of 400 milestones needed to achieve net‑zero emissions 
described in the Net Zero Emissions scenario, 85% are 
demand‑side actions that would require government 
intervention. It will continue to be important for 
policymakers to address the imperatives of energy 
security and affordability alongside climate risk.
These widely varying factors are the reason scenario 
planning is important. There is not just one pathway to 
a low‑carbon future; there are numerous ways in which 
government action and technology development could 
interact with consumer behavior to bring about a low‑carbon 
future. Performance on climate‑related risk and opportunity 
is driven by planning across a range of widely varying 
scenarios and having the financial strength and asset 
flexibility to adapt to different outcomes.
Scenario Planning at 
ConocoPhillips
The scenarios we have developed describe possible 
pathways leading to a particular outcome. Scenarios are 
hypothetical constructs and are not predictions or forecasts 
of what we think is going to happen; they are used to 
illustrate which factors drive future developments. We use 
scenarios in our strategic planning process to:
• Gain better understanding of external factors that impact 
our business to assist in the identification of major risks 
and opportunities and inform mitigating actions.
• Identify leading indicators and trends.
• Test the robustness of our strategy across different 
business environments.
• Communicate risks appropriately.
• Inform how we position our business, as technologies and 
markets evolve, to capitalize on opportunities that meet 
risk and return criteria.
Using scenarios enables us to understand a range of risks 
around potential commodity market prices associated with 
various GHG emissions reduction scenarios. To assist our 
capital allocation decisions, we can test our current portfolio 
of assets and investment opportunities against these future 
possibilities and identify where strengths and weaknesses 
may exist.
We use a range of analyses, input and information when 
developing our strategy. The detail of our scenarios gives 
insight into the analysis we use to inform our strategic 
decision making and reinforces to stakeholders and 
shareholders that we are both preparing for reductions in 
GHG emissions consistent with the Paris Climate Agreement 
and developing resilient strategies that reflect the complex 
and uncertain range of energy futures.
We use four main energy transition scenarios in our global 
energy model: Pre‑Pandemic Trend, Moderate Transition, 
Accelerated Transition and 1.5 Net‑Zero. The four scenarios 
incorporate a wide range of possible outcomes for energy 
and carbon emissions. 
While these scenarios extend to 2050, well beyond our 
near‑term operational planning period, they give insights 
on trends that could have an implication for near-   and 
medium‑term decisions and enable choices on the creation 
or preservation of future options.
Each scenario models the full energy system including 
coal, oil, natural gas, solar, wind and nuclear, as well as 
their related GHG emissions and pricing policies. Each of 
these plausible pathways is designed to stretch our thinking 
about potential rates of new technology adoption, policy 
development and consumer behavior. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
35
Climate

The scenarios describe four pathways out of the myriad 
that are possible, given the uncertainty surrounding the 
development of future energy markets out to 2050. They do 
not describe all possible future outcomes and are not used 
as a reliable indicator of the actual impact of climate change 
on ConocoPhillips’ portfolio or business.
In addition to using the four scenarios to analyze potential 
outcomes, we regularly monitor key signposts as we work 
to track the pace and direction of the energy transition and 
identify potential leading indicators of change in the demand 
for hydrocarbons. In this way we aim to establish not just 
which scenario we are moving toward, but also to identify 
emerging disruptive scenarios. This analysis is presented to 
executive management and the Board of Directors to assist 
in strategic decision making. 
The thoughtful application of scenarios in strategic planning 
is core to our ability to navigate future uncertainty and is a 
practical way of conveying this information in a decision‑
useful manner. The key to scenario planning is the use of 
a wide‑enough range to characterize uncertainty, rather 
than trying to correctly guess specific future variables 
or parameters. 
Scenario Descriptions
The scenarios reflect differing economic activity, technology 
developments, public policy developments and consumer 
choices. A common thread across all four scenarios is that 
GDP becomes less energy intense as the global economy 
requires less incremental energy‑intensive manufacturing 
and industrial activity relative to service‑oriented activity. 
The outcome for global energy‑related CO2 emissions from 
our four scenarios is shown in the “Global Energy‑Related 
CO2 Emissions by Scenario” chart.
Pre-Pandemic Trend Scenario
This scenario is built on the assumption that trends 
established from 2010 to 2019 in energy production and 
consumption continue. Government policies for carbon 
emissions remain globally uncoordinated. Technologies 
evolve at a gradual pace and current modes of 
transportation and power generation remain the lowest 
cost, most efficient avenues for energy consumption and 
generation. Carbon taxes are introduced at a moderate rate 
in Organisation for Economic Co‑operation and Development 
(OECD) countries, rising to only $30/tonne of CO2 equivalent 
(TeCO2e) in 2050. It is assumed that non‑OECD countries 
have not implemented carbon pricing by 2050 in this 
scenario. Consequently, fossil fuels continue to deliver 
roughly 80% of global energy needs in 2050, and energy-
related carbon emissions continue to increase. 
The global oil market grows by 20% over 2019’s 100 MMBOD 
level, driven by solid economic growth and a lack of 
competitive alternatives. Transportation’s share of total 
oil demand expands from ~60% today to 65% in 2050. 
The automotive sector continues to evolve gradually, and 
the global share of electric vehicle sales increases from 
1‑2% today to 20% in 2050. The global average internal 
combustion engine efficiency modestly improves by around 
15%, and petroleum remains the most prevalent fuel for all 
modes of transportation. Production from all regions and 
resource types is developed.
The natural gas market expands at a faster rate than oil over 
the long term. By 2050, natural gas demand is ~75% larger 
than 2021, reaching just under 700 billion cubic feet per 
day (BCFD) as growing economies utilize more natural gas. 
Gigatonnes per year
GLOBAL ENERGY-RELATED CO 2 EMISSIONS
2050204520402035203020252020
0
10
20
30
40
50
Current Trends Moderate Transition
Accelerated Transition 1.5 Net-Zero
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
36
Climate

The volume of natural gas consumed in power demand more 
than doubles by 2050. The focal point of global demand 
shifts away from North America and Europe to Asia and the 
Middle East.
Moderate Transition Scenario
This scenario assumes moderate advances in national level 
carbon pricing policies and alternative energy technologies, 
with incremental shifts in consumer preferences for 
low-carbon products. Fossil fuels remain at roughly 81% 
of the primary energy mix in 2050. Carbon taxes go into 
effect across OECD countries during the mid‑2020s and are 
$25/TeCO2e in 2030, rising to $60 in 2050. It is assumed that 
China implements its proposed national carbon pricing policy 
at 50% of the OECD carbon fee and that no other non‑OECD 
country implements a carbon pricing policy prior to 2050. 
Global energy-related carbon emissions stabilize by 2050.
Global oil demand plateaus in the late 2030’s at around 
110 MMBOD and then declines very slowly. Average internal 
combustion engine efficiency improves by one‑third. Electric 
vehicle penetration is slow in the early years but accelerates 
in the 2030s and 2040s, reaching 30% of the passenger auto 
fleet in 2050 (compared to 1% in 2021). Regional policies also 
influence the outcome for electrification in transportation. 
Global oil production benefits from technology advances 
which improve productivity and enable global demand to 
be satisfied. U.S. crude oil production grows through 2030 
then falls as incremental productivity improvements slow 
and high‑quality acreage is exhausted. Russia and OPEC 
grow to take a larger share of global supply which increases 
geopolitical risk to supply.
By 2050, the global gas market expands by 40% from 2021 
levels. The primary driver for natural gas demand growth 
is power generation. Natural gas consumed in power 
generation increases from 155 BCFD in 2021 to 240 in 2050. 
Improvements in energy storage enable wind and solar to be 
available throughout the day, increasing their contribution to 
power generation. As in the Pre‑Pandemic Trend scenario, 
global demand shifts east to Asia and the Middle East. 
Global supplies remain heavily weighted to North America. 
U.S. shale gas and Permian associated gas drive North 
American growth until the 2030s, after which Canada leads 
North America’s production growth.
In this scenario, hydrogen and Carbon Capture Utilization 
and Storage (CCUS) move to become viable, standalone 
business lines. Moderate progression toward national 
net‑zero targets increases availability of capital funding 
which paves the way for these technologies to take hold. 
CCUS grows to 2.1 gigatonnes captured in 2050, while the 
total hydrogen market expands to 250 million metric tons 
in 2050.
CONOCOPHILLIPS GLOBAL ENERGY 
MODEL SCENARIOS
MMBOED
Fossil Fuels
80%
Fossil Fuels
75%
Fossil Fuels
70% Fossil Fuels
60%
Fossil Fuels
32%
Actuals
2021
Pre-Pandemic
Trend
2050
Accelerated
Transition
2050
Moderate
Transition
2050
1.5
Net-Zero
2050
NuclearOil
Biomass
Natural Gas
Renewables
Coal
Hydro
0
100
200
300
400
500
50
150
250
350
450
Accelerated Transition Scenario
This is a scenario with more aggressive changes in 
technologies, consumer preferences and government 
policies relative to Moderate Transition. Technology is vital to 
limiting growth in energy demand as the global population 
and economy expand. Social trends that are prevalent 
today in specific regions or municipalities spread because 
technological advances make these choices universally 
economic. For example, individual auto ownership gives 
way to shared mobility. Mass transit and ridesharing are 
accessible and cost effective for more people in more regions. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
37
Climate

Consumers shift purchases toward products and services 
with lower carbon footprints, and society demands more 
transparent environmental stewardship from businesses they 
patronize. Governments target aggressive policies toward 
GHG emissions, fossil fuel production and consumption. 
Economy‑wide carbon pricing goes into effect across OECD 
countries during the mid‑2020s and is $30 per TeCO2e in 
2030, rising to $80 in 2050. Again, China implements an 
economy‑wide carbon pricing policy at 50% of the OECD 
price. Other non‑OECD countries impose a very low $5 per 
TeCO2e price by 2030.
The global oil market peaks in size by 2028 and remains 
near that level until tapering more quickly after 2035. The 
combination of internal combustion engine efficiencies and 
faster adoption of electric vehicles, which reach a 40% share 
of the passenger vehicle fleet by 2050, reduces oil demand 
in the transportation sector. Oil demand from the industrial 
sector grows for plastics and chemicals.
The global natural gas market grows at an average annual 
rate of 0.6% into the 2040s, peaking near 450 BCFD in 
2045 and slowly declining thereafter. Natural gas remains 
a prominent fuel in electricity generation but starts to yield 
market share to wind and solar as energy storage technology 
allows renewables to contribute a larger share of power 
generation. North America’s gas production increases 15% 
over today’s level, plateauing in about 2040 before declining.
Faster progression toward net‑zero targets and higher 
carbon prices increase capital available to new technologies, 
with hydrogen and CCUS remaining the frontrunners. 
Captured carbon increases to 3.4 gigatonnes by 2050, and 
advances in renewables‑powered hydrogen technology 
expand the hydrogen market to around 300 million 
metric tons.
1.5 Net-Zero Scenario 
This scenario assumes technology breakthroughs, rapid 
global policy coordination to price GHG emissions at a 
level that materially reduces fossil fuel use and emissions 
and shifts in consumer preferences towards lower GHG 
products and services. In this pathway, OECD countries 
and China implement a transparent economy‑wide carbon 
price2 mechanism by 2025 which rises from $50/TeCO2e 
in 2030 to $190 by 2050. Other non‑OECD nations follow 
by imposing economy‑wide carbon prices of $10/TeCO2e 
in 2030 rising to $50 by 2050. The scenario assumes 
significant technological advances which reduce battery, 
wind and solar generation costs, improve fuel efficiencies 
for internal combustion engines (80% more fuel efficient by 
2050), improve energy efficiency in buildings and lighting, 
and impact energy production, delivery and consumption. 
Technology and efficiencies allow total energy demand in 
2050 to be only about 2% below 2021’s level with about 70% 
of energy provided by non‑fossil fuels. 
Global oil demand peaks in 2023 and declines to 40 MMBOD 
in 2050. Energy storage improvements lead to EVs achieving 
parity with internal combustion engine vehicles by the 
mid‑2020s, thus incentivizing consumers to purchase EVs. 
Consequently, 70% of the passenger automobile fleet is 
electric in 2050, and transportation sector demand falls 
to 25% of total oil demand. Oil supply dynamics evolve as 
most production occurs in OPEC countries and Russia, and 
geopolitics play an even larger role in oil prices and the 
supply of oil.
The natural gas market is much more resilient in this 
scenario in comparison to oil as natural gas is needed as 
a lower‑carbon fuel for reliable, dispatchable electricity 
generation. Global natural gas demand peaks in 2030. 
Natural gas generates only 4% of global electricity in 2050, 
while wind and solar grow to produce 73% of electricity in 
2050. Global gas demand shifts to emerging markets in Asia, 
the Middle East, Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS)
and Africa. Only 26% of global gas demand remains in North 
America and Europe. 
In this scenario, countries and companies push for 
accelerated progression along net‑zero pathways and 
implement supportive policies along with capital funding 
to progress new technologies. Hydrogen remains a 
front‑runner, with blue (using CCS) and green hydrogen 
supporting increased petrochemical and industrial 
activities. Over time, electrolysis costs fall sharply. Green 
hydrogen accelerates along with other new technologies, 
pushing out blue and grey (Steam Methane Reforming) 
hydrogen production. The hydrogen market grows to around 
400 million metric tons in 2050. CCS plays a critical role in 
emissions reduction, expanding to 7 .0 gigatonnes by 2050.
2 All carbon taxes are in 2022 dollars.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
38
Climate

Our scenarios have a wide range of assumptions regarding 
technological advances, government policies (e.g., carbon 
prices) and consumer behaviors leading to a range of oil and 
natural gas prices. We take this future price uncertainty into 
account in our strategy by using a fully burdened cost of 
supply as our primary criteria for capital allocation. Of the 
~20 billion barrels of resources with a cost of supply at $40 
per barrel and below held in our portfolio, resources at the 
average cost of supply can be produced at $32 per barrel.3 
This compares favorably to the expected commodity prices 
detailed in our own scenarios as well as external scenarios 
such as the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions scenario.
The scenarios are designed to address transitional risks. 
A separate scenario process addresses physical climate‑
related risk using consultant scenarios based on the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) modeling.
Key Strategic Linkages to Our 
Scenario Planning
Our corporate strategy reflects several findings from our 
scenario analysis process. We have acted to:
• Use a fully burdened cost of supply, including cost of 
carbon aligned with our current probability‑weighted 
energy scenario, as an important metric in our project 
authorization process. In 2023, we had a resource base 
of ~20 billion barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) with $40 per 
barrel (or lower) cost of supply and an average cost of 
supply of $32 per barrel.3 Our strategic objective is to 
provide resilience in lower price environments, with any 
oil price above our cost of supply generating an after‑tax 
fully burdened rate of return greater than 10%.
• Prepare for diverse policy environments by maintaining 
a less than $40 per BOE sustaining price to generate 
the cash to fund capital expenditure to keep production 
flat over time and generate competitive returns to 
shareholders.
• Maintain diversification in our portfolio to balance our 
production and capital expenditures as commodity prices 
become more volatile.
• Provide competitive distributions from cash flows 
to investors.
• Identify and fund emissions reduction projects to reduce 
the impact of any future regulations, carbon prices or 
taxes, and to help maintain a low life‑cycle cost of supply. 
We have upgraded the use of a marginal abatement 
cost curve (MACC) in Long‑Range Planning to identify 
emissions reduction opportunities available to the 
company globally. These process upgrades have resulted 
in more efficient collection, recording, sharing and 
funding of emissions reduction projects.
• Task each business unit with developing potential options 
to achieve our operational net‑zero emissions ambition.
• Introduce a proxy cost of carbon into qualifying project 
economics to help us be more resilient to climate‑
related risk in the short‑  to medium‑term and provide the 
flexibility to remain resilient in the long‑term.
• Focus near‑term technology investments on reducing both 
our costs and our emissions where economically feasible.
• Monitor for potential disruptive technologies that might 
impact the market for natural gas or oil, enabling us to 
take advantage of our capital flexibility and reduce our 
exposure to lower commodity prices at an early point 
in time.
• Focus on the carbon and cost competitive supply of 
natural gas and oil while continuing to utilize our scenario 
planning system to monitor and assess additional 
business opportunities within the evolving energy 
transition.
• Pursue hydrogen production and carbon sequestration 
as potentially attractive investments in meeting transition 
demand for low carbon energy.
• Monitor global regulatory and legislative developments 
and engage in development of pragmatic policies aligned 
with the climate policy principles outlined in our Global 
Climate Change Position.
3  Costs assume a mid-cycle price environment of $60/BBL WTI.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
39
Climate

Near-, Medium- and 
Long-Term Risks
As described in the Risk Management section, we evaluate 
and track our climate‑related risk through our SD Risk 
Register and Climate Change Action Plan. Those risks 
broadly fall into four categories:
• GHG‑related policy.
• Emissions reductions and emissions management.
• Physical climate‑related impacts.
• Climate‑related disclosure and reporting.
The time horizons we use for climate‑related issues are 
based on the time we expect it will take for the risks to 
manifest, our planning time horizons and the time required to 
realize the majority of the net present value of our projects.
Near-Term Risks
Our near‑term time horizon is one to five years, during 
which we can complete short‑cycle drilling campaigns and 
small projects. Our GHG forecasting and financial planning 
processes are used to determine risks and opportunities 
that could have a material financial impact for that 
period. Our near‑term climate‑related risks are generally 
government policy related and managed at the business 
unit level through policy advocacy and technology to 
reduce emissions.
Regulations to address climate‑related risk, including GHG 
emissions, are a near‑term risk for several of our businesses. 
For example, regulations issued by the Alberta government 
under the Emissions Management and Climate Resilience 
Act require any facility existing in 2016, with emissions 
equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tons of carbon 
dioxide or equivalent per year, to reduce its net emissions 
intensity, with reduction increases over time. The cost of 
compliance and investment in emissions intensity reduction 
technologies influence investment decisions for the Canada 
business unit, where we are purchasing carbon offsets while 
evaluating and developing technology opportunities such 
as CCS and subsurface technology to reduce emissions for 
existing and new facilities. Good examples of technology 
developments that decrease GHG emissions intensity are 
our commercialization of non‑condensable gas co‑injection 
at our oil sands operations which improves our steam‑to‑oil 
ratios by 20‑30%, the deployment of wellbore technology 
such as flow control devices and multilateral wells which 
improve steam‑to‑oil ratios by 10‑20%, and the piloting 
of steam additives which has the potential for a 20% 
improvement to our steam‑to‑oil ratio.
GHG emissions costs, or carbon costs, are another near‑term 
risk in some jurisdictions where we operate. For example, 
in Norway, we are managing carbon cost risk with specific 
actions to study both operational emissions reduction 
opportunities as well as technical modification opportunities 
and evaluate project economics that include the 
Norwegian carbon fee and European Union CO2 emissions 
costs (EU ETS).
While a price on carbon in the U.S. will increase our costs 
and decrease demand for our product, we support a well‑
designed pricing regime on carbon emissions as the most 
effective and predictable policy action to reduce GHG 
emissions across the economy. By enacting a legislative 
requirement for a price on carbon, we believe the U.S. would 
maintain the energy advantage it currently has while at 
the same time incentivizing other countries to also adopt 
a price on carbon. We are members of the Carbon Pricing 
Leadership Coalition (CPLC), a voluntary initiative working 
to catalyze action towards the successful implementation of 
carbon pricing around the world. We are a Founding Member 
of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC), a collaboration of 
business and environmental interests working to develop 
a carbon dividend plan for the U.S. The plan has four key 
pillars: a gradually increasing price on carbon, a carbon 
dividend, border carbon adjustments and regulatory 
simplification. Read more about the carbon dividend plan. 
To supplement our work on carbon price advocacy, we 
also advocate for effective and efficient regulations and 
legislation to advance economic incentives and reduce GHG 
emissions through regulatory approaches.
Another policy area we monitor is related to border carbon 
adjustments (BCAs). For example, the EU Carbon Border 
Adjustment Mechanism (CBAM) seeks to put a price on 
carbon for carbon‑intensive traded goods. The transition 
phase for the CBAM will begin in October 2023, during 
which importers will begin reporting emissions data to the 
EU. While oil and gas production is currently outside the 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
40
Climate

scope of CBAM, a review of industries to consider including 
in the future is due at the end of the transition phase in 
2025. We continue to monitor the applicability of CBAM 
and other border carbon adjustment proposals to our oil 
and gas operations. We are engaged in discussions around 
additional policy options, such as a standalone World 
Trade Organization‑compliant Border Carbon Adjustment 
(BCA) mechanism. We will continue working with the CLC 
and our trade associations to identify opportunities to 
support and shape policies in alignment with our carbon 
pricing principles.
Medium-Term Risks
Our medium‑term time horizon is six to 10 years, during 
which we can complete most major projects and revise our 
portfolio if required. Our GHG forecasting and financial 
planning processes are used to determine the risks and 
opportunities that could have a material financial impact 
for that period. Medium‑term risks take longer to impact 
our business and may include emerging policy that is not 
yet fully defined. These risks are managed by business 
unit planning but, if significant, may also be managed by 
corporate strategies and company‑wide risk assessments.
Offset requirements have been identified as both a medium‑
term risk and as an opportunity for some business units 
where carbon offsets can be used for compliance with an 
emissions reduction program.
Climate‑related physical changes are a medium‑term risk 
for some of our operations. In Alaska, mitigation measures 
include pre‑packing snow to accelerate the start of the ice 
road season and engineering and maintaining gravel roads 
and pads to be protective of underlying permafrost.
Another medium‑term risk is access to capital markets. 
Increasing attention to global climate change has resulted 
in pressure from and on stockholders, financial institutions 
and other market participants to modify their relationships 
with oil and gas companies and to limit or discontinue 
investments, insurance and funding to such companies. 
For example, a significant number of financial institutions 
are now members of the Glasgow Financial Alliance for 
Net‑Zero (GFANZ), thereby voluntarily pledging to achieve 
net‑zero emissions by 2050 on Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, 
as well as setting interim targets for 2030 or earlier. 
While GFANZ members are not prohibited from having 
relationships with oil and gas companies, the nature of their 
target commitments may imply that greater restrictions will 
be placed on GFANZ members in the future. Conversely, we 
also face pressure from some in the investment community 
and certain public interest groups to limit the focus on 
ESG in our decision‑making. If public pressure continues 
to mount, our access to capital on terms we find favorable 
may be limited, and our costs may increase. Additionally, our 
reputation could be damaged, and our business and results 
of operations may be otherwise adversely affected.
Long-Term Risks
Our long‑term time horizon is 11 years and beyond. Generally, 
long‑term risks are managed by our scenario analysis and 
Climate Risk Strategy, as they include long‑term government 
policy, technology trends and consumer preferences that 
affect supply and demand. They may also include risks that 
align with long‑term physical climate scenarios.
We recognize that our GHG intensity will be compared 
against peers, so we track this as a competitive risk at the 
corporate level. Investors, the financial sector and other 
stakeholders compare companies based on climate‑related 
performance, and GHG intensity is a key indicator. For this 
reason, our GHG intensity target aligns with the long‑term 
time horizon to ensure we manage the risk appropriately. 
It also demonstrates our goal to be a leader in managing 
climate‑related risk.
Both chronic and acute physical climate risks are a 
long‑term risk for our business. In some parts of the U.S., 
we have identified potential storm severity as a risk for 
future operations, based on previous storms and flooding. 
Consensus science suggests that future extreme weather 
events may become more intense and/or more frequent, 
thus potentially adding incremental risk to our operations 
in coastal regions and areas susceptible to typhoons or 
hurricanes. We have a crisis management system in place to 
manage that risk before, during and after a storm event.
Read more about our Risk Register and Climate Change 
Action Plan.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
41
Climate

Risk Response
Our Climate Change Action Plan described on the following 
page, addresses the significant/ high risks from our SD 
Risk Register and includes milestones over several years. 
Actions within the plan address individual risks identified 
by our business units or global/regional risks identified by 
our central corporate staff. For example, both chronic and 
physical climate‑related impacts are more likely to apply to 
a single business unit, given the specific local nature of the 
risk and geographical location of our assets. Actions relate 
to specific business units unless indicated as “global.”
Addressing Climate-
Related Risks and 
Opportunities
Climate‑related risks and opportunities that have the 
potential to impact our company are addressed through 
business and operational planning, strategic planning and 
financial planning. Our SD risk management processes 
identify those risks and assess the potential size, scope and 
prioritization of each. We have aligned a description of these 
impacts with the recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate‑related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Business Planning
Climate‑related risks and opportunities may affect our 
business planning through impacts to demand for our 
product, product costs, supply chain, daily operating and 
mitigation activities, project design and emissions reduction 
projects, among others.
Products and Services
Compliance with policy changes that create a GHG tax, 
fee, emissions trading scheme or GHG reductions could 
significantly increase product costs for consumers and 
reduce demand for natural gas‑ and oil‑derived products. 
Demand could also be eroded by conservation plans and 
efforts undertaken in response to global climate‑related 
risk, including plans developed in connection with the 
Paris Agreement. Many governments also provide, or may 
in the future provide, tax advantages and other subsidies 
to support the use and development of alternative energy 
technologies that could impact demand for our products. 
However, there are also opportunities associated with 
increased demand for lower‑carbon energy sources such 
as natural gas to displace coal in power generation and 
in combination with carbon capture and storage in the 
production of hydrogen for industrial use. More information 
about these opportunities is included in the Liquefied 
Natural Gas and Low Carbon Opportunities sections.
Supply Chain and/or Value Chain
We engage with suppliers on the environmental and social 
aspects of their operations throughout the procurement 
process. This includes communicating our expectations and 
priorities and identifying opportunities for improvement and 
collaboration related to climate issues, including energy use, 
GHG management and environmental supply chain risks. 
We engage through membership in several trade 
associations, such as Ipieca, that address climate‑related 
issues through working groups and task forces that include 
downstream businesses as well as suppliers. We continue 
to monitor climate‑related risks and opportunities related 
to our supply chain and value chain and believe that 
maintaining a global network of businesses and suppliers 
will mitigate physical climate‑related risks. 
We also recognize the importance of Scope 3 emissions 
generated by our suppliers in the upstream value chain. 
Therefore, we have ongoing engagements with major 
suppliers for alignment of their GHG emissions goals with 
our plans for the energy transition, and we have incorporated 
an assessment of their emissions into targeted supplier 
evaluations. We utilize a sustainability questionnaire in key 
bids that includes questions on supplier GHG emissions and 
their own Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction targets.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
42
Climate

RISKS 2022 MITIGATION ACTIONS AND MILESTONES
GHG Policy
Climate change 
policy, including 
carbon taxes
• Review global emerging issues with Sustainability and Public Policy Executive Council on a regular basis.
• Work with Climate Leadership Council and API Climate Working Group to develop U.S. carbon tax framework; advocate 
for a carbon price through the Climate Leadership Council/Americans for Carbon Dividends as well as the Carbon Pricing 
Leadership Coalition.
• Directly engage governments on evolving climate policy and monitor policy developments.
• Engage in industry working groups to provide input to federal consultation on border carbon adjustment policies.
• Use carbon price in base case Long‑Range Planning and forecasting; elevate GHG forecasting guidelines to a company practice.
• Support effective incentives for emissions reductions, including tax and production credits and protocols for use of carbon 
credits and offsets.
Low carbon 
technologies 
activities 
• Implement global corporate position and strategy on carbon offsets purchases.
• Assess opportunities to reduce Scope 2 emissions with low carbon technologies and electricity grid connection opportunities.
• Explore novel technology and investments through Low Carbon Technologies organization.
• Explore implementing CCS technology in project design.
• Consider partnering with future renewable energy project developers to power our operations where operationally 
and economically feasible and monitor new opportunities.
Emissions and Emissions Management
GHG emissions 
regulations
• Support enactment of cost‑effective federal methane regulations on new and existing sources that would preserve a state’s 
ability to adapt implementation to local conditions.
• Explore new technology solutions and facility improvements to meet methane and flaring reduction targets.
• Continue regulatory advocacy efforts around methane and flaring.
• Work with industry trade groups and task forces to respond to proposed GHG regulations.
GHG emissions 
reductions 
• Design and develop new facilities with lower emission footprints. Focus on operational efficiency globally to reduce 
GHG intensity. 
• Execute U.S. flare reduction plans including revising commercial agreements to incorporate flare reduction incentives. 
Consider developing additional flaring reduction targets.
• Continue implementation of corporate Climate Risk Strategy including energy transition plan with updated targets.  
Continue integration of BU Climate Risk Strategy and development.
• Improve GHG data collection efforts and advance MACC emissions reduction projects, plans and low‑carbon ideas.  
Continue to assess transformational technology pilots.
• Continue to grow emissions monitoring program. Advance methane mitigation measures through leak detection surveys, 
source testing and tank monitoring. 
Physical Climate-Related Impacts
Acute and 
chronic physical 
risks
Assessment 
• Continue to include physical climate risk in SD risk management process.
• Develop global physical risk assessment guidelines for business units and continue with ongoing review cycle.
• Initiate asset‑specific climate risk assessments.
Fresh water constraints 
• Increase application of mitigation measures (fresh water use minimization) in project design phase and adjust project execution 
timing based on water availability. 
• Investigate alternative sources for water (e.g. pipelines, desalination, etc.). 
• Monitor stream flow and use forecast exercises to identify potential water availability concerns in upcoming development.
• Alter well completion schedule as required or needed.
Permafrost thaw 
• Continue assessment of risk of permafrost thaw for construction of new infrastructure and implementation of mitigation 
measures. Use remote sensing to detect landscape change patterns.
• Investigate effective approaches for monitoring permafrost thaw and thaw degree days.
• Continually review and update engineering and design specifications, including equipment and site maintenance. 
Wildfire 
• Participate in desktop regional wildfire annual risk assessment and mitigation planning efforts.
• Execute emergency response plan exercises, drills and training for wildfire threats. 
• Integrate development of planning with regional forest company’s harvest timeline to enable landscape‑scale resource 
management which could reduce forest fuel near the asset. 
• Implement and execute safety barriers and controls to enable facility and personnel protection in the case of fire and advance 
warning of potential wildfire threats.
CLIMATE CHANGE ACTION PLAN
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
43
Climate

We plan to make additional inroads in reducing Scope 3 
emissions from those sources that we may be able to 
influence within our supply chain through continued supplier 
engagement as part of our Scope 3 Supplier Emissions 
Strategy.4 In 2022, we developed a plan for implementation 
in 2023 to ensure that key elements of our supply chain are 
evaluated for climate risk, including:
• Identifying suppliers with high relative impact on Scope 3 
upstream supplier emissions. 
• Promoting alignment of suppliers’ GHG targets with our 
net‑zero ambition.
• Building a governance framework for supplier 
sustainability to include Scope 3 supplier emissions.
• Updating our Supplier Expectations to highlight climate, 
biodiversity, responsible use of natural resources 
and human rights. We will revise and implement 
this documentation through a structured plan to 
systematically engage with suppliers on sustainability 
issues throughout the year.
• Collaborating with suppliers in conjunction with industry 
partners like API and Ipieca to align on disclosure 
frameworks and systems for collecting and reporting 
supplier emissions.
We plan to provide guidance to key internal stakeholders 
on how and when to include emissions impact in supplier 
bids. During regular engagements between our executive 
team and those of our major suppliers, we intend to include 
a standing climate agenda item to discuss GHG targets, 
performance, opportunities and actions to be taken. 
Finally, we continue to highlight climate and sustainability 
expectations for suppliers through our annual Supplier 
Sustainability Forum. In November 2022, we hosted our 
10th annual Supplier Sustainability Forum which brought 
together over 150 participants, including suppliers from 
more than 40 companies and ConocoPhillips representatives 
from across the globe. The agenda was designed to share 
information for sustainability best practices that are 
transferable throughout our diverse supply chains. A key 
panel discussion was “Changing Landscapes and Net‑Zero 
Alignment” with ConocoPhillips leaders from our Lower 48 
organization, the Low Carbon Technologies team, the 
Supply Chain team and industry association representatives 
from the National Association of Manufacturers and the 
Energy Workforce & Technology Council. They discussed 
meaningful measures to show alignment in a world aiming 
for net‑zero, opportunities and challenges on the road to 
net‑zero, and the importance of integrating risk management 
into supply chain, business planning and decision making. 
Operations
While our business operations are designed and operated 
to accommodate a range of potential climate conditions, 
significant changes, such as more frequent severe weather 
in the markets we serve or the areas where our assets are 
located, could cause increased expenses and impact to our 
operations. The costs associated with interrupted operations 
will depend on the duration and severity of any physical 
event and the damage and remedial work to be carried out. 
Financial implications could include business interruption, 
damage or loss of production uptime and delayed access 
to resources and markets. For example, a three‑day 
shutdown of all U.S. Gulf Coast production would result in 
approximately 660 MBOE of lost production. It is unlikely 
all our Gulf Coast area production would be affected, as 
our operations are located across a wide span of the coast 
including inland and offshore assets. 
Adaptation and Mitigation
Business‑resiliency planning is a process that helps us 
prepare to mitigate potential physical risks of a changing 
climate in a cost‑effective manner. 
Canada
For example, in 2021, British Columbia, Canada experienced 
one of its worst fire seasons on record. The Montney 
development team has made a concerted effort to situate 
pads within existing cut blocks where timber has been 
cleared to minimize the risk from increased wildfire activity. 
Similarly, in response to previous years’ increased wildfire 
activity in Alberta, our Surmont team undertook reactive 
forest fuel reductions near critical infrastructure and 
completed a Fire Smart hazard assessment where we are 
working on an integrated land management plan with a local 
forest company to strategically reduce forest fuel loading 
in areas of future infrastructure development. We have 
4 Upstream Scope 3 emissions covered under the strategy include Category 1, purchased goods and services and Category 2, capital goods.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
44
Climate

also developed an in‑house automated active wildfire early 
warning system around both assets to identify risks and 
keep people and infrastructure safe. 
In addition to mitigating fire risk, the Canada BU has 
addressed increased surface water flow from high‑
frequency and short‑duration storm events in Surmont with 
increased on‑site training for managing the movement of 
water from well pads and central processing facilities. We 
have also implemented recommendations from an industry 
study on bioengineering techniques, such as live willow 
silt fences to mitigate erosion and sedimentation issues 
during intense rainfall events. This proactive surface water 
management is critical in preventing on‑site erosion from 
damaging critical infrastructure. In the Montney region, in 
the fall we monitor streamflow at the Halfway River, which 
acts as a signal for potential upcoming low‑flow conditions 
in winter so appropriate mitigation measures can be enacted. 
Seasonal learnings like this inform streamflow prediction 
exercises and future development. We have also proactively 
assessed infrastructure design risks to account for a 
potential increase in high‑frequency, short‑duration storm 
events and are piloting the same bioengineering sediment 
control techniques as Surmont.
Australia 
In 2021, our Australia BU conducted climate water 
catchment‑level modeling to inform a drought risk 
assessment to determine future impacts to water supply. 
Results showed that long‑term evaporation and long‑term 
and severe drought duration are projected to increase over 
the next 30 years in the local area. To mitigate this potential 
risk, both ConocoPhillips and the local water authority are 
investigating supplementary water supplies from alternate 
sources. We will use results from this, and future updates to 
the risk assessment, to plan for water availability in future 
operations as we adapt our practices to a changing climate.
Alaska
Climate change is also considered during new project 
design. In 2020 in our Alaska BU, we updated our 
Foundational Design Specification to increase the 
embedment depths for vertical support members and piles 
to align with predicted soil temperature trends. This revision 
updated the specification based on permafrost temperature 
trends and geothermal modeling predictions from 2020 
through 2070. Use of the Foundational Design Specification 
continues to date and will be revised as needed in the future. 
Additionally, permafrost thermistors will be installed in the 
Willow project area. Data will be used to evaluate permafrost 
temperatures near the surface, and data will be incorporated 
into engineering models and construction best practices. 
We have also acted to mitigate our Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions for many years. Our first Climate Change Action 
Plan was introduced in 2008. In 2017 , we introduced a GHG 
emissions intensity target to incentivize GHG reductions 
in our production operations in connection with project 
design, exploration and portfolio decisions. To date, this 
has resulted in a reduction of both our emissions intensity 
and our absolute emissions. Approximately half of our 
GHG reduction projects carried out since 2008 relate to 
the reduced emissions of methane from reducing venting, 
updating plunger lifts or replacing pneumatic controllers. 
Most of these projects have paid for themselves through 
increased sales of natural gas. Following the success 
of our overall GHG intensity target, in 2022 we set a 
near‑zero methane intensity target to further drive methane 
emissions reductions.
To continue reducing emissions, we have set up regional 
teams in North America, Australia, Southeast Asia and 
Europe to use the MACC process to identify energy 
efficiency projects for consideration in the Long‑Range Plan. 
By evaluating our day‑to‑day decisions regarding flaring, 
drilling, completions and equipment use we have gained a 
sharper focus on energy consumption, along with increased 
revenue, reduced energy costs, reduced emissions and an 
improved overall cost of supply.
Read more about our MACC process and the Operational 
Net-Zero Roadmap.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
45
Climate

Strategic Planning
A robust and flexible corporate strategy is key to addressing 
climate‑related risks and navigating the energy transition. 
Some key climate‑related components of an exploration and 
production company’s strategy are portfolio management, 
including portfolio resilience and diversification, focus on 
low cost of supply and capital allocation, carbon pricing, 
and investment in new technology through research and 
development. 
Acquisitions and Divestments
Business development decisions consider possible financial, 
operational and sustainability impacts to our portfolio. In 
our Long‑Range Planning process, we run sensitivities on 
our GHG emissions intensity based on possible acquisitions, 
divestments and project decisions. We focus on cost of 
supply to account for lower and more volatile product prices 
and possible introduction of carbon taxes. In recent years, 
we have divested higher emissions intensity gas fields.
Resilient Portfolio 
Our ability to address climate‑related risks and meet 
transition pathway demand will depend on our ability to 
deliver competitive returns on and of capital. We work to 
continually improve the underlying cost of supply of our 
portfolio, with a commitment to return more than 30% 
of cash from operations to stockholders through the 
cycles. Our sector‑leading approach focuses on the cost 
of supply of our portfolio, committing to balance sheet 
strength and moderating growth by holding to disciplined 
reinvestment rates. 
We have communicated to stakeholders a 10‑year strategic 
plan intended to generate double‑digit returns on capital 
employed that are competitive with the top quartile of the 
S&P 500. We returned $15 billion of capital for 2022, which 
represented over 50% of our cash from operations, well in 
excess of our greater than 30% annual commitment. 
Oil and natural gas are projected to remain essential parts 
of the energy supply mix in coming decades across a broad 
range of transition scenarios. ConocoPhillips intends to 
maintain its key market role through competitive returns 
that are resilient to transition‑related risks. We focus on 
remaining resilient and competitive in any scenario by 
providing low‑cost, low‑GHG intensity barrels by asset type 
with continuously improving sustainability performance.
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
2018 2020 20212019 2022
0%
20%
40%
60%
80%
100%
PERCENT OF PROVED RESERVES 
BY HYDROCARBON TYPE
PERCENT OF PROVED RESERVES 
BY REGION
Crude Oil
Natural Gas
Natural Gas Liquids
Bitumen
Alaska Canada APME
Lower 48 Europe Africa
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
46
Climate

Portfolio Diversification 
The mix and location of the resources in our portfolio 
provide flexibility and adaptability as we monitor scenarios 
and global trends. Our short‑cycle project times and 
capital flexibility enable us to redirect capital to the most 
competitive basins. Our extensive low cost of supply 
resource base allows us to divest higher cost assets to high‑
grade our portfolio as our strategy evolves. This applies to 
both hydrocarbon mix and geographic region. If policy in a 
country or region significantly impacts cost of supply, we can 
shift capital to other opportunities. 
One example of portfolio diversification is the significant 
expansion of our LNG portfolio in recent years through 
our increased interest in APLNG and participation in joint 
ventures with QatarEnergy, as described in the Liquefied 
Natural Gas section. These projects have a low cost of 
supply and low GHG emissions intensity on a life cycle basis 
and align with our view that LNG is expected to play an 
increasingly important role in helping meet energy transition 
pathway demand, with its lower GHG intensity compared to 
burning coal for power generation.
ConocoPhillips has long been a participant in the LNG 
business, utilizing our commercial capabilities to develop 
and supply markets. We believe that U.S. LNG is well placed 
to provide lower emissions intensity, reliable energy to 
European and Asian markets. Our U.S. Gulf LNG partnerships 
also allow for optionality for future offtake from expansion 
trains and access to excess cargos from equity investments. 
Find more details about these projects in the Liquefied 
Natural Gas section.
Cost of Supply and Capital Allocation
Cost of supply is the West Texas Intermediate (WTI) 
equivalent price that generates 10% after‑tax return on a 
point‑forward and fully burdened basis. In our definition, 
cost of supply is fully burdened with capital infrastructure, 
foreign exchange, price‑related inflation, G&A and carbon 
tax (if currently assessed). If no carbon tax exists for the 
asset, carbon pricing aligned with internal energy scenarios 
is applied. Cost of supply is the primary metric that we use 
for capital allocation, and it has the advantage of being 
independent of price forecasts. Any oil price above the cost 
of supply will generate an after‑tax fully burdened return 
that is greater than 10%. Providing low cost of supply also 
addresses a key component of a just transition — reliable and 
affordable energy supply.
The cost of supply of our resource base supports our 
assertion that resources with the lowest cost of supply are 
most likely to be developed in scenarios with lower demand, 
such as the IEA’s Net Zero Emissions Scenario. In 2023, we 
have a resource base of ~20 billion barrels of oil equivalent 
with $40 per barrel (or lower) cost of supply and an average 
cost of supply of $32 per barrel.
To assist our capital allocation decisions, we test our current 
portfolio of assets and investment opportunities against 
future possibilities and identify strengths and weaknesses 
that may exist. As a result of our strategy and scenario 
work, we have focused capital on resources with low cost of 
supply, exiting deep water and high emissions intensity gas 
fields while increasing our investments in unconventional 
oil projects. 
GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY OF
GROSS OPERATED PRODUCTION¹
100%
>40
kg CO2e/BOE
30-40
20-30
10-20
<10
80%
60%
40%
2016 2022 2030
20%
0%
1 Chart shows gross operated production as a percentage of the company portfolio 
arranged by GHG intensity. 2030 data is estimated from forecasts current as of 
August 2022 and subject to change.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
47
Climate

In recent years we have dramatically high‑graded our 
portfolio and applied stringent capital allocation criteria 
that direct investments to resources that will best match 
transition demand. We are equally focused on developing 
assets that have a low cost of supply and low GHG intensity, 
as these are most likely to compete in any future energy 
transition pathway with each asset type contributing to 
its unique market (e.g., unconventionals, LNG, oil sands). 
Based on our current forecasts, our GHG intensity 
will improve over time and assets with less than 10 kg 
CO2e/BOE are projected to represent a larger portion of 
our portfolio by 2030. 
WTI COST OF SUPPLY
Lower 48 Canada Alaska Europe, Middle East and North Africa Asia Paciﬁc
0
$10
$20
$30
$40
5 10 150 20
Resource (BBOE)
$/BBL
OIL PRICES BY IEA SCENARIO
1
$/BBL
STATED 
POLICIES 2
ANNOUNCED 
PLEDGES3 
NET ZERO 
EMISSIONS 4 
Temperature Outcome 2.5°C 1.7°C 1.5°C
USD5 2022 Real Terms 
in 2022 72 72 72
USD 2022 Real Terms 
in 2030 86 67 37
USD 2022 Real Terms 
in 2050 99 63 25
1  2021 IEA prices inflated to 2022 dollars to enable direct comparison  
with Cost of Supply figures.
2  Stated Policies Scenario: No new policies.
3  Announced Pledges Scenario: Net-Zero pledges.
4  Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario.
5  U.S. Dollars (USD)
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
48
Climate

Carbon Asset Risk
Scenario analysis and our Climate Risk Strategy help build 
optionality into our strategic plans to reduce the risk of 
stranded assets. Key elements of our climate‑related risk 
management process include:
• Considering a range of possible future carbon‑constraint 
scenarios.
• Developing strategic alternatives to manage shareholder 
value in a future with uncertain carbon constraints.
• Testing strategies and asset portfolios in various 
scenarios.
• Incorporating risk mitigation actions into the Long‑Range 
Plan and Climate Change Action Plan.
We have taken action to reduce our cost of supply and 
are one of only a few oil and natural gas companies to 
transparently disclose the full cost of supply of our resource 
base. Combined with our belief that we have the lowest 
sustaining capital required to maintain flat production 
among our peers, this demonstrates a competitive advantage 
in reducing carbon asset risk. The cost of supply of our 
resource base supports our assertion that resources with 
the lowest cost of supply are most likely to be developed 
in scenarios with lower demand, such as the IEA’s Net Zero 
Emissions Scenario.
All U.S. publicly traded companies must adhere to a 
consistent set of regulations that enable investors to 
CLIMATE LEGISLATION
2022 COST OF COMPLIANCE,  
NET SHARE BEFORE TAX  
($USD APPROX)
OPERATIONS 
SUBJECT TO 
LEGISLATION
PERCENT OF 2022 
PRODUCTION 1
European Emissions Trading Scheme (EUETS) $22 million Norway 7 
U.K. Emissions Trading Scheme (U.K. ETS) $0.6 million U.K. 0 
Norwegian Carbon Fee $36 million Norway 7 
Alberta Technology Innovation and  
Emissions Reduction (TIER) No costs incurred Canada 4 
British Columbia and Alberta Carbon Tax $6 million Canada 5 
1 2022 country production over total production; cost of GHG emissions may only apply to some of our assets or to a portion of our emissions over a set baseline.
COST OF COMPLIANCE WITH CARBON LEGISLATION
evaluate and compare investment choices. We fully comply 
with rules and regulations, including for reporting natural 
gas and oil reserves. In order to meet the Securities and 
Exchange Commission requirement that reserve estimates 
be based on current economic conditions, our reported 
reserves are determined by applying a carbon tax only in 
jurisdictions with existing carbon tax requirements. We 
have also increased our disclosure over the years to offer 
investors and stakeholders additional insights into the 
processes and procedures we use to manage climate‑related 
risks, including carbon asset risk.
Carbon Price
We use assumptions of GHG pricing to navigate GHG 
regulations, drive culture shift, encourage energy efficiency 
and low‑carbon investment, and stress test investments. 
In 2022, the company used a range of estimated future 
costs of GHG emissions for internal planning purposes, 
including an estimate of $60 per tonne CO2e as a sensitivity 
to evaluate certain future projects and opportunities. 
We have further developed the methodology by which 
qualifying projects will include assumed or actual GHG 
pricing in their project approval economics and long‑term 
planning. The base case for project approval economics 
and planning will now include either the forecast of existing 
GHG pricing regulations or our current probability‑weighted 
energy transition scenario for that jurisdiction, depending 
on which is higher. Where there is no GHG price regulation, 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
49
Climate

we use the current transition scenario for that jurisdiction. 
We also run two sensitivities:
• With only existing carbon pricing regulations, to reflect 
near‑term cash more accurately.
• With a sensitivity of $60 per tonne CO2e to act as a stress 
test to reduce the risk of stranded assets should climate 
regulation accelerate.
This ensures that both existing and emerging regulatory 
requirements are considered in our planning and 
decision making.
In addition to the use of carbon pricing in planning and 
project economics, we use it in impairment testing, cost of 
supply calculations, and reserve calculations.
• Impairment testing: BU Long‑Range Plan submissions 
are the basis for the assumptions used in our impairment 
testing model for both operated and non‑operated 
assets aligned with the higher of existing regulations 
or the carbon pricing assumptions used in the current 
energy scenario.
• Cost of supply: On appraised resource volumes in our cost 
of supply model and Long‑Range Plan, we assume the 
higher of the carbon prices from existing regulations or 
those implied by the current scenario where applicable. 
• Reserve calculations: In accordance with SEC guidelines, 
the company does not use an estimated market cost of 
GHG emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions 
without existing GHG regulations. In jurisdictions where 
GHG regulations exist we base carbon prices on market 
actuals. In cases where existing carbon prices are not 
based on the market but are pre‑set by a regulatory body, 
we use the pre‑published prices (e.g. Alberta).
Research and Development
Technology will play a major role in addressing GHG 
emissions, whether through reducing emissions or lowering 
the energy intensity of our operations or value chain. As 
discussed in our External Collaboration and Engagement 
and Public Policy sections, we participate in a number 
of research and industry initiatives, two of which are the 
Natural Gas Initiative and Oil Sands Pathways to Net‑Zero 
Alliance. The Natural Gas Initiative is a program led by 
Stanford University researchers with participation from 
industry, government, inter‑governmental organizations and 
foundations. The initiative aims to increase public access to 
information about the accuracy of methane detection and 
quantification technologies.
In 2022, ConocoPhillips joined the Oil Sands Pathways 
to Net‑Zero Alliance, which includes Canadian Natural 
Resources, Cenovus Energy, Imperial, MEG Energy and 
Suncor Energy. Together this group represents the 
companies operating approximately 95% of Canada’s oil 
sands production. The goal of the alliance is to achieve 
net‑zero GHG emissions from oil sands operations by 
2050 to help Canada meet its climate goals, including 
the country’s Paris Agreement commitments and 2050 
net‑zero aspirations, with the help of CCS. ConocoPhillips is 
partnering with governments and the founding members of 
the Alliance to accelerate emissions reduction efforts.
Another way we support technology development is 
through our annual marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) 
process. The MACC process identifies and prioritizes our 
emissions reduction opportunities from operations based 
on the project’s breakeven cost. This data helps identify 
projects that might become viable in the future through 
further research, development and deployment. As a result 
of this work, we have focused our near‑term technology 
investments on reducing both costs and emissions where 
feasible, such as improving the steam‑to‑oil ratio in the oil 
sands. Part of a new research and development effort is a 
multilateral well technology pilot, which enables the drilling 
of multiple lateral sections without the need for additional 
aboveground capital or additional steam injection, thereby 
reducing emissions intensity and operating costs. 
Over the past five years we have spent more than 
$550 million on research and development, equipment, 
products and services which have reduced our GHG 
emissions. Read more about MACC.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
50
Climate

Average Oil Price, $/BBL
Capital Expenditures and Investments, $MM
Average Oil Price, $/BBL
Expenses, $/BOE Produced
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
0
16,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
14,000
4,000
2,000
0
90
10
30
50
20
40
60
70
80
$MM
$/BBL
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
0.0
18.0
8.0
10.0
12.0
14.0
16.0
6.0
4.0
2.0
0
90
90
110
20
40
60
80
10
30
50
70
$/BOE
$/BBL
EXPENSES
110
100
Data include acquisition and other capital. 2022 Capital of $10.2B includes base capital 
of $8.1B and $2.1B of acquisition and other capital.
Data include acquisition and other capital. 2022 Capital of $10.2B includes base capital 
of $8.1B and $2.1B of acquisition and other capital.
Financial Planning
We take climate‑related issues into account in our financial 
planning in several ways. We focus on the fundamental 
characteristics that drive competitive advantage in a 
commodity business — a low sustaining price, low cost of 
supply, low decline rates and low capital intensity that drive 
free cash flow, capital flexibility and a strong balance sheet. 
We have aligned a description of the potential impacts on 
financial planning with the recommendations of the TCFD 
and included additional descriptions of strategic measures 
we take to mitigate impacts.
Commodity Prices
In the short‑to‑medium term, we use a range of commodity 
prices derived from our scenario work. In the longer term 
our scenarios provide insight into the possibilities for future 
supply, demand and price of key commodities. This helps us 
understand a range of risk around commodity prices, and the 
potential price risk associated with various GHG reduction 
scenarios. History has shown an interdependency between 
commodity prices and operating and capital costs. In the 
past, lower commodity prices have driven down operating 
and capital costs, whereas the opposite has been true when 
commodity prices have risen.
Capital Expenditures and Operating Costs
New or changing climate‑related policy can impact our 
costs, demand for fossil fuels, the cost and availability of 
capital and exposure to litigation. The long‑term impact on 
our financial performance, either positive or negative, will 
depend on several factors, including:
• Extent and timing of policy.
• Implementation details such as cap‑and‑trade or an 
emissions tax or fee system.
• Supply‑  and demand‑side renewable fuels or energy 
efficiency mandates.
• GHG reductions required.
• Level of carbon price.
• Price, availability and allowability of offsets.
• Amount and allocation of allowances.
• Technological and scientific developments leading to new 
products or services.
• Potential physical climate effects, such as increased 
severe weather events, changes in sea levels and changes 
in temperature.
• Extent to which increased compliance costs are reflected 
in the prices of our products and services.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
51
Climate

The long‑term financial impact from GHG regulations 
is impossible to predict accurately, but we expect the 
geographical reach of regulations and their associated costs 
to increase over time. We model such increases and test our 
portfolio in our long‑term transition scenarios.
Our strategy is also made more robust by discipline in capital 
and operating costs. When oil prices started dropping in 
2014, we were able to respond with changes to short‑  and 
long‑term planning, as well as more cost‑effective and 
efficient operations.
Reputation and Access to Capital
In addition to considering cost of supply, portfolio resilience 
and cost of carbon, we also strive to compete more 
effectively by earning the confidence and trust of the 
communities in which we operate, as well as our equity and 
debt holders. We consider how our relative environmental, 
social and governance performance could affect our 
standing with investors and the financial sector, including 
banks and credit‑rating agencies. An important priority in our 
corporate strategy has been to pay down debt and target an 
“A” credit rating to maintain, facilitate and ensure access to 
capital through commodity price cycles. 
Financial Position
Material information related to our financial position, 
including material climate‑related matters, is disclosed in 
our most recently filed periodic report on Form 10-K and 
subsequent filings on Form 10‑Q. Discussion of material 
climate‑related factors includes, but is not limited to, 
disclosures under the heading “Risk Factors” and within the 
section “Contingencies—Company Response to Climate‑
Related Risks.”
Contributing to the 
Energy Transition
ConocoPhillips is also focused on participating in and 
contributing to an orderly energy transition and creating 
business value through differentiated products, business 
adjacencies, low‑carbon opportunities and mitigation 
measures. Below we describe our efforts to develop our 
liquefied natural gas portfolio and low‑carbon opportunities 
like CCS and hydrogen.
Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG)
ConocoPhillips has a 60‑year history of leadership in LNG 
and LNG technology. While LNG is still considered part of our 
traditional oil and gas business, its prominence is increasing 
in global energy markets. We view LNG as an important 
component of responsibly meeting energy transition demand 
in the coming decades. 
The use of natural gas in place of coal and refined products 
represents a specific opportunity for significant reductions 
in end‑use GHG emissions across the globe and it is a key 
contribution to the energy transition. We expect LNG to play 
an increasingly important role in the global energy mix, as 
it has lower GHG emissions than traditional hydrocarbon 
resources like coal used for electricity generation. 
ConocoPhillips will leverage its existing strengths in natural 
gas marketing and trading in support of its growing global 
LNG portfolio to meet transition demand and energy 
security needs. 
In 2022, we grew our LNG portfolio in several key areas. In 
February 2022, we completed the purchase of an additional 
10% shareholding interest in APLNG from Origin Energy, 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
52
Climate

5 Subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.
expanding our total equity share to 47 .5%. This additional 
stake demonstrates our commitment to provide a reliable 
and efficient supply of natural gas to the growing Asia 
Pacific market and to Australia’s east coast gas market. In 
early 2023, we entered into an agreement to purchase up to 
an additional 2.49% shareholding interest for a total interest 
of up to 49.99%.5 
In July 2022, we invested in a new large‑scale LNG facility 
under development by Sempra Infrastructure, a subsidiary 
of Sempra Energy, in Jefferson County, Texas. We entered 
into an agreement to acquire a 30% direct equity holding in 
Port Arthur Liquefaction Holdings, LLC, as well as 5 MTPA 
LNG offtake from the Port Arthur LNG project. The first 
phase of the project is expected to include two liquefaction 
trains, LNG storage tanks and associated facilities. Our 
position as one of the largest natural gas marketers in North 
America enables us to provide feedstock supply. Entering 
this agreement with Sempra provides us with a ground‑floor 
opportunity to participate in a premier LNG development, 
reinforcing our commitment to help solve the world’s energy 
supply needs and seeking to strengthen U.S. and global 
energy security as we transition to a lower carbon future. 
Further, equity ownership in the Port Arthur LNG project 
provides options for ConocoPhillips to participate in future 
expansions and lower carbon activities, including CCS, in 
line with our own strategic initiatives as we continue to 
monitor the energy transition pathway. The project reached 
final investment decision in early 2023, and we finalized our 
equity investment in the project.
In the second half of 2022, ConocoPhillips signed 
agreements forming two new joint ventures with 
QatarEnergy that will participate in the North Field East 
(NFE) and the North Field South (NFS) LNG projects. As of 
December 2022, following the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent, we have a 25% shareholding interest in Qatar 
Liquified Gas Company Limited (8) (QG8), which has a 
12.5% interest in the NFE project. In early 2023, subject to 
regulatory approvals, we expect to complete the acquisition 
of a 25% interest in Qatar Liquified Gas Company Limited 
(12) (QG12), which has a 25% interest in the NFS project. 
In November 2022, ConocoPhillips and QatarEnergy 
announced an agreement to responsibly and reliably supply 
secure, long‑term LNG to Germany. First delivery from NFE 
is expected in 2026 to the recently announced German LNG 
Terminal at Brunsbüttel. 
In addition to these specific projects, we are one of the 
largest natural gas producers and marketers in North 
America, and we have licensed our liquefaction Optimized 
Cascade® Process in 27 trains around the world. This 
liquefaction process simplifies modularization and reduces 
liquefaction equipment counts, resulting in a smaller facility 
footprint and lower GHG emissions.
In 2022, we supplied Asian markets with approximately 
0.36 trillion cubic feet (or nearly 1 billion cubic feet per day) 
of natural gas and LNG. To put this in perspective, if all the 
natural gas and LNG we sold to Asia in 2022 had been used 
to replace coal for electricity generation, GHG emissions 
would have been reduced by approximately 22 million metric 
tonnes, almost 1.5 times more than the company’s combined 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for the year, based on EPA 
GHG emissions factors.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
53
Climate

Low Carbon Opportunities
In early 2021, we established a multi‑disciplinary Low Carbon 
Technologies organization. The organization’s remit is to 
support our net‑zero ambition on Scope 1 and 2 emissions, 
understand the low‑carbon energy landscape and prioritize 
opportunities for future competitive investment. We are 
approaching this effort with the same discipline we follow 
in our traditional business investment and capital allocation 
process. This includes keeping costs low, leveraging 
competencies, identifying viable economic opportunities and 
anticipating and managing risk while focusing on projects 
with competitive returns potential. 
Carbon Capture and Storage 
Carbon capture and storage involves capturing CO2 from 
concentrated sources — such as power plants or industrial 
sources — preprocessing, compressing, transporting and 
injecting the CO2 into geologic formations underground and 
monitoring the storage site. This process helps reduce the 
amount of CO2 released into the atmosphere. 
ConocoPhillips is leveraging our unique land position, 
technical expertise, project development skills and safety 
commitment to evaluate future cost‑effective and permanent 
carbon storage services. We have assembled an internal 
team of subsurface and surface experts, with support 
from our Land, Regulatory, Legal, Government Affairs, 
Commercial, Environmental and Sustainable Development 
and Stakeholder Relations teams, and are actively engaged 
in subsurface characterization, business development, 
appraisal planning and land acquisition.
CCS hubs should enable access to a diverse source of 
industrial customers, reducing both the reliance on a single 
source of CO2 supply and the risk of asset stranding. We are 
evaluating an opportunity to participate in the creation of a 
CCS hub for industrial sites along the U.S. Gulf Coast. This 
hub could offer cost advantages and risk mitigations and can 
be modified to meet increasing demand. The Gulf Coast’s 
large, concentrated industrial emissions sources, coupled 
with significant subsurface storage capacity in Texas and 
Louisiana, could make it an ideal location for a hub structure. 
LOW CARBON OPPORTUNITIES 1
The company has advanced its low carbon positions through a 
variety of research and development activities.
2021 2022 2023
 
1 Shading indicates increasing planned intensity and maturity of our actions over time. 
2023 activities are planned.
Support academic research
Engage in joint industry projects
Invest in enabling technologies
High-grade opportunities
Appraise and build CCS positions
Initiate hydrogen feasibility studies
Conduct CCS feasibility studies
Initiate CCS pre-FEED studies
We recognize the important role that carbon capture and 
storage (CCS) and hydrogen could play in decarbonizing the 
global economy. We intend to apply our disciplined approach 
to development of these new opportunities through clear 
investment criteria and a focused strategy. We have 
prioritized opportunities in these technologies as they offer 
potential for competitive returns and align closely with our 
technical competencies and global reach. Since 2021, we 
have advanced our positions in both technologies, including 
offering support to drive innovation, described in more detail 
in the following sections.
We are working with organizations in R&D and 
academia and industry collaborations focused on CCS, 
renewables, energy efficiency, electrification and 
hydrogen generation, deployment and transportation to 
advance low carbon opportunities around the globe.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
54
Climate

Long‑term off‑take agreements would need to be signed 
with industrial emitters who are looking to address their 
emissions to meet long‑term GHG reduction targets, current 
carbon credits and future possible credits or taxes.
As part of this work, we identified a 25,000‑acre portion 
of our more than 600,000‑acre position in southeast 
Louisiana as a potential hub for CCS services. The area may 
be well‑suited to serve industrial sites located along the 
Mississippi River corridor. Additionally, ConocoPhillips is in 
negotiations with landowners along the Texas and Louisiana 
Gulf Coast for additional rights to sequester CO2. The team 
is also negotiating with large industrial customers near the 
proposed land positions to provide baseload CO2 streams to 
each of the hubs.
ConocoPhillips will continue to evaluate development of 
low‑carbon projects, including a CCS project as part of the 
previously described LNG work with Sempra Infrastructure. 
At ConocoPhillips (U.K.) Teesside Operator Limited, we are 
collaborating with industry partners and the government 
to study ongoing joint regional environmental initiatives, 
including evaluating the ConocoPhillips‑operated Teesside 
Oil Terminal as a site for industrial carbon capture. An 
engineering study was completed in early 2023, and we 
remain open to any future opportunities regarding expansion 
of carbon capture and storage clusters in the area.
Finally, we are a member of the Pathways Alliance, a group 
of Canada’s largest oil sands producers working together to 
address climate change by achieving net‑zero operational 
emissions by 2050. One of the key pathways to achieving 
net‑zero operational emissions is through the proposed 
foundational project, which includes a carbon capture 
and storage network to transport captured CO2 from oil 
sands facilities and sequester it deep underground at a 
storage hub.
Hydrogen 
ConocoPhillips is also evaluating technologies that will 
enable the cost‑effective production of hydrogen. We have 
identified two types of hydrogen manufacturing for bulk 
fuel supplies in both hydrogen and ammonia form that have 
technical and commercial adjacencies with the company’s 
core competencies and the potential to grow into a scalable 
business — hydrogen from natural gas with associated CCS 
(“blue hydrogen”) and hydrogen from the electrolysis of 
water using electricity from renewables (“green hydrogen”).
We are evaluating optimum locations for low‑cost hydrogen 
manufacturing as well as the best means to deliver it to 
market. Success factors for blue hydrogen are a reliable 
supply of low‑cost natural gas and proximity to subsurface 
sites suitable for CCS. For green hydrogen, the success 
factors are low‑cost supplies of renewable electricity, water 
and large‑scale electrolysis.
Technologies for manufacturing both blue and green 
hydrogen are rapidly evolving, and, as with CCS, we are 
pursuing various ways to access these technologies and 
qualify them for use. Over the last year, we have made 
early investments in enabling hydrogen technologies. 
Leveraging our global reach and our technical expertise, we 
are evaluating and high‑grading hydrogen production and 
marketing opportunities, including ammonia as a hydrogen 
carrier, both domestically and globally. 
In early 2022, we made an investment to support the 
development of a novel turquoise hydrogen production 
technology from Ekona Power Inc., a Vancouver‑based 
hydrogen technology venture. Ekona’s new methane 
pyrolysis technology platform is expected to produce 
low‑cost hydrogen from methane. The technology converts 
existing methane streams into hydrogen and solid carbon 
to reduce CO2 emissions when applied. This investment 
represents an opportunity to leverage our existing 
infrastructure and create optionality at the front end of new 
technologies that will be important to the future of energy.
In September 2022, Japanese energy company JERA 
announced a collaboration with ConocoPhillips to evaluate 
the development of green and blue ammonia from the U.S. 
Gulf Coast. We are working to facilitate the development 
of low‑carbon ammonia production to accelerate the 
availability and supply of low‑carbon fuels from the 
U.S. for use in the U.S., Europe, Japan and greater Asia. 
A project engineering study is underway to evaluate this 
landmark opportunity. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
55
Climate

Risk Management
We utilize an integrated management system approach to 
identify, assess, characterize and manage climate‑related 
risks. This system links directly to the enterprise risk 
management (ERM) process, which includes an annual risk 
review by the Executive Leadership Team and the Board 
of Directors.
Assessing Climate-
Related Risks
The diagram below illustrates how we assess climate‑
related physical and transition risks for operations, 
developments and new major projects. 
To understand long‑term risk and mitigation options, we 
utilize four scenarios as described in the Scenario Planning 
at ConocoPhillips section. This scenario approach helps 
us evaluate distinct outcomes related to the potential 
timing and intensity of government climate change policy 
development, the pace of alternative energy technology 
development and trends in consumer behavior. This 
information is then used to shape our analysis and 
consideration of various outcomes for policy, technology 
and market risk.
We periodically review emerging climate‑related risks with 
our Executive Leadership Team as part of our scenario 
monitoring system, managed by our Chief Economist’s 
Office. A cross‑functional team enters events into a 
centralized database that is reviewed regularly for 
indications that risks are changing or developing. We use 
this “early warning” system to inform our strategies in 
a timely manner so that we can identify and implement 
effective mitigation measures. The scenario monitoring 
system helps us understand the pace and direction of the 
energy transition. For example, if regulations and technology 
were moving more quickly than in our scenarios, this would 
indicate that we might be moving to a 1.5‑degree scenario 
similar to the range identified in the IPCC “1.5 degree” 
report, and we would evaluate appropriate pathways. In our 
resiliency workshops, we use externally produced scenarios 
that describe the range of possible future physical risk.
SD Risk Management Standard Annual 
Assessment
As part of the annual risk management process mandated 
by our SD Risk Management Standard, we examine operated 
assets and major projects against the physical, social and 
political settings of our operations. Subject matter experts 
in each business unit (BU) and project identify and describe 
climate‑related risks.
Each risk is then assessed using a matrix that evaluates 
both its likelihood and consequence. Risks rated significant 
or high are included in the corporate SD Risk Register. In 
evaluating the consequence level, we consider potential 
impacts on employee and public safety, sociocultural and 
economic impacts to stakeholders, environmental impact, 
and reputational and financial implications.
As part of the process, we examine the interdependence 
of risks and work to identify emerging risks such as new 
regulatory requirements and emerging greenhouse gas 
(GHG) pricing regimes.
SD Risk
Management
Standard
Operations and Development Major Projects
Climate-Related
Risk Assessment
Project
Authorization
Resiliency
Workshops
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
56
Climate

Resiliency Planning Workshops
We facilitate resiliency planning workshops within business 
units to identify and assess the risks and opportunities 
associated with the physical impacts of changing climate 
and the potential technology and solutions to mitigate risks 
and leverage opportunities. These workshops are conducted 
on a periodic basis aligned with our Capital Projects 
Management System stage gate approval process to ensure 
that our operations have access to up‑to‑date science 
provided by qualified consultants to inform their engineering 
and infrastructure decisions.
Climate-Related Risk Assessment
A climate‑related risk assessment is conducted on any 
future project development that costs more than $50 
million net and is expected to emit more than 25,000 
metric tons CO2 equivalent (TeCO2e) net to ConocoPhillips 
during any year of its operational lifespan. This assessment 
is mandatory for investment approval in our project 
authorization process. Project teams for qualifying projects 
are required to assess the potential risks and opportunities 
associated with GHG emissions, GHG regulation and a 
physically changing climate based on local jurisdictions and 
geographies as opposed to relying solely on our corporate 
scenarios. The climate risk assessment guidelines provide a 
framework for project teams to:
• Forecast operational GHG emissions for the life of the 
project.
• Evaluate climate‑related risks and opportunities, including 
physical and transition risks that apply to the project.
• Make decisions on GHG emissions control in project 
design, including energy efficiency solutions, power 
source selection, emissions management, carbon capture 
and storage/utilization, and external compliance options 
such as the purchase or origination of GHG offsets.
• Evaluate the potential cost of GHG emissions in project 
economics.
We assess climate‑related risks early in the project 
engineering stage to better inform our investment decisions 
and facility design. The ConocoPhillips Health, Safety and 
Environment (HSE) and Social Issues Due Diligence Standard 
also provides further guidance on accounting for sustainable 
development issues for new acquisitions, new business 
ventures, joint ventures and property transactions.
Project Authorization
Our corporate authorization process requires all qualifying 
projects to include GHG pricing in their project approval 
economics. The base case for project approval economics 
now includes the higher of the forecast of existing 
regulations and the current transition scenario for that 
jurisdiction. Where there is no GHG price regulation, we use 
the current transition scenario for that jurisdiction. We also 
run two sensitivities:
• With existing carbon pricing regulations, to reflect near‑
term cash more accurately.
• With a sensitivity of $60 per tonne CO2e to act as a stress 
test to reduce the risk of stranded assets should climate 
regulation accelerate.
This ensures that both existing and emerging regulatory 
requirements are considered in our planning and 
decision making.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
57
Climate

Managing Climate-
Related Risks
Our climate‑related risk management process is designed to 
drive appropriate action for adapting to a range of possible 
future scenarios. Through integrated planning and decision 
making, we develop mitigation plans for climate‑related risk, 
track performance against our goals and adjust our plans as 
we learn and conditions evolve.
Local risks and opportunities related to our operations and 
projects are assessed and managed at the BU level, enabling 
tailored business goals to address the challenges and 
opportunities unique to each region’s operations. Reporting 
and overarching climate‑related risks, such as GHG target‑
setting and prioritization of global emissions‑abatement 
projects, are managed at the corporate level.
The diagram below shows a simplified process flow of our 
climate‑related risk management process.
The objective of our Climate Risk Strategy is to manage 
climate‑related risk, optimize opportunities and equip 
the company to respond to changes in key uncertainties, 
including government policies around the world, emissions 
reduction technologies, alternative energy technologies 
and changes in consumer trends. The strategy sets out our 
choices around portfolio composition, emissions reductions, 
targets and incentives, emissions‑related technology 
development, and our climate‑related policy and finance 
sector engagement. 
SD Risk Management
Standard including SD
Risk Register
Enterprise Risk
Management System
Other Non-SD Risks
Climate Change
Action Plan
Corporate Strategy
including Climate-Related
Risk Strategy
Long-Range Plan
Finally, the ConocoPhillips Long‑Range Plan provides the 
data that underlies our corporate strategy and enables us to 
test our portfolio of projects against our climate‑related risk 
scenarios, and thus make better‑informed strategic decisions.
Integrating climate‑related risk into our corporate strategy 
and Long‑Range Plan results in outcomes and activities 
such as:
• Reducing the sustaining price of the company — the 
equivalent WTI price at which cash provided by operating 
activities covers capital expenditures that sustain our 
production at current levels and the ordinary dividend.
• Lowering the cost of supply to manage market risk and 
improve returns.
• Maintaining a diversified portfolio of projects and 
opportunities to mitigate geographical and geological 
risks.
• Diversifying our portfolio to include assets with lower 
decline rates and low capital intensity to drive higher free 
cash flow yields.
• Developing technologies that reduce both costs and 
emissions.
• Pursuing competitive opportunities in LNG, CCS and 
hydrogen.
• Monitoring alternative energy technologies.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
58
Climate

Integrating Climate-
Related Risks into ERM
Climate‑related risks from the corporate SD Risk Register 
are mapped to key categories in the enterprise risk 
management process (ERM).
Descriptions of these risks and mitigation measures 
from the Climate Change Action Plan are shared with 
ERM risk owners to inform their assessments of risk 
ranking, corporate actions and mitigations. Each risk 
owner evaluates and prioritizes risks in their area based 
on likelihood and consequences, thereby determining the 
relative significance of climate‑related risks in relation to 
other enterprise risks.
The ERM process is a direct input into our strategic 
planning process. By identifying major cross‑cutting 
risks and trends, we closely link action plan efforts to key 
performance issues and address and mitigate identified 
risks. The board regularly reviews the ERM system and 
mitigation actions.
Required regulatory disclosures on financial reporting and 
information deemed material and useful for investor decision 
making is presented in our filings with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC).
SD Risk Management 
Process
The SD risk management process ensures that a Climate 
Change Action Plan is developed to track mitigation activities 
for each climate‑related risk included in the corporate SD Risk 
Register. This plan includes details about our commitments, 
related responsibilities, resources and milestones. 
As part of annual updates to the register, we evaluate the 
Action Plan and its effectiveness and make decisions to 
continue mitigation measures, add new measures or simply 
monitor the risk for further developments. The table below 
lists our key SD risk management streams, their scope 
and purpose.
Read more about our SD Risk Register and Climate Change 
Action Plan.
SD RISK MANAGEMENT STREAMS SCOPE DESCRIPTION
Corporate strategy Corporate/portfolio Defines the company’s direction for exploration and development, 
including portfolio, capital allocation and cost structure.
Climate Risk Strategy Corporate/portfolio Identifies options to reduce and mitigate climate ‑related risks as 
policies, markets and technologies develop over time.
GHG emissions intensity target Business units and 
qualifying projects
Drives actions, reviews and management of future policy and 
market risk.
Long‑Range Plan Corporate/portfolio Forecasts key data for our corporate strategy covering our 
proposed portfolio development and performance, including 
production, costs, cash flows and emissions.
Marginal abatement cost curve 
(MACC)
Business units Prioritizes and funds GHG emissions reduction projects across 
our business units based on cost and emissions abated.
SD risk management process Corporate, business units 
and qualifying projects
Records all SD‑related risks that are prioritized as significant and 
high in the SD Risk Register to ensure that the mitigation progress 
is reported and issues are managed effectively.
Climate Change Action Plan Corporate, business units 
and qualifying projects
Records mitigation actions, milestones and progress in managing 
climate‑related risks from the SD Risk Register.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
59
Climate

Performance Metrics 
and Targets
In 2020, we adopted a Paris‑aligned climate‑related risk 
framework with an ambition to reduce our operational 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions to net‑zero by 2050. 
To that end, we calculate key metrics and use targets to 
measure and monitor our performance and progress in 
managing climate‑related risks and opportunities in line with 
our strategy and risk management process. These include:
• GHG emissions intensity target.
• Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
• Metrics for methane, flaring and water.
We believe these metrics and targets are the most useful 
in managing climate‑related risks and opportunities 
and monitoring performance. Highlights of our 2022 
performance compared to 2021 (on a gross operated basis) 
include:
• Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity declined 14% to 
23.3kg CO2e/BOE.
• Methane intensity declined 4% to 2.5kg CO2e/BOE.
• Flaring intensity decreased 12% to 25.9 MMCF/MMBOE 
(total flaring volume per total production). 
Our total GHG intensity metrics generally show an 
improvement over time. The decrease in absolute emissions 
compared to 2021 was primarily driven by the divestment of 
our Indonesia asset.
We have also committed to near‑, medium‑  and long‑term 
targets for reducing operational (Scope 1 and 2) emissions 
over which the company has ownership and control. These 
targets include:
• Achieving our stated ambition to reach net‑zero emissions 
for Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050.
• Strengthening our previously announced operational GHG 
emissions intensity reduction target to 50‑60% by 2030 
on both a gross operated and net equity basis.
• Achieving near‑zero methane emissions intensity by 
2030. This goal was set in response to meeting our 10% 
methane emissions intensity target four years early.
• Achieving a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, five 
years sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s goal of 2030.
Million Tonnes CO2 Equivalent
TOTAL GROSS OPERATED GHG EMISSIONS 
AND INTENSITY
kg CO2e/BOE
2016 2019 2020 2021 2022
41.0
36.5
34.3
26.9
23.3
26.8
20.5
16.2
18.7
16.0
2020 GHG emissions were lower as a result of COVID-impacted 
production curtailment.
82.6% CO2
from Operations
11.1% Methane
(CO2e)
6.9% CO2  from
Imported Electricity
TOTAL GROSS OPERATED GHG EMISSIONS
Percent of Total Company
N2O represents only about 0.1% of our gross operated emissions 
and is not represented here.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
60
Climate

Our ambition to achieve net‑zero operational emissions by 
2050 is set on an absolute emissions basis, while the rest of 
our target framework for near‑  and medium‑term targets 
is set on an intensity basis. Intensity targets better apply 
to the E&P sector’s dynamic business environment where 
plans, technology, prices, industry structure and costs all 
change rapidly. Intensity targets are more durable and allow 
a company to change its plans to maintain a competitive 
portfolio without also having to repeatedly reset targets. 
Beyond 2030, many uncertainties influence our ability to 
set specific future commitments and achieve our net‑zero 
operational emissions ambition. Examples include:
• Pace of development of currently undeveloped 
technologies.
• Country‑driven climate policy.
• Permitting and regulatory changes that may impair ability 
to execute current or future plans.
• Pricing, verifiability and availability of offsets; offset 
market developments.
• Potential revisions to emissions estimates and reduction 
goals as measurement technologies advance.
• Success and rate of return of nascent low carbon 
investments, technologies and markets.
Scenario modeling and analysis helps to identify key 
uncertainties to be managed. We also recognize that future 
policy and regulatory efforts may supersede company 
net‑zero targets as governments set and refine their own 
Nationally Determined Contributions. As such, we recognize 
that our pathway and targets may not be the same as other 
companies due to differences in asset mix, geographies, 
risks and opportunities.
Read more about the principles surrounding our approach to 
target setting.
KEY CONTENT LINKS 
Our Performance Metrics section provides 
the metrics included in this section in tabular 
format.
Our metrics are also linked to key 
frameworks such as SASB, GRI/Ipieca/UNGP 
and TCFD.
SCOPE 1 –   Direct GHG emissions from 
sources owned or controlled by ConocoPhillips.
SCOPE 2 –   GHG emissions from the 
generation of purchased electricity consumed 
by ConocoPhillips.
SCOPE 3 –   All other indirect GHG emissions 
as a result of ConocoPhillips’ activities, from 
sources not owned or controlled by the 
company, including emissions from the end use 
of oil and gas products by consumers.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
61
Climate

Emissions Reduction 
Targets and Performance
GHG emissions management is an expected core 
competency for our business units (BUs) managing oil and 
gas production. Those BUs are required to review their GHG 
emissions profile and identify opportunities to make design 
and operating improvements that can reduce emissions. 
Potential GHG emissions reduction projects are reviewed 
within our annual budget planning process and assessed 
against pre‑determined selection criteria, including cost 
per tonne of CO2e abated. We call this annual exercise our 
marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) process, described in 
more detail within this section of the report.
All data presented herein is from January 1 to December 31, 
2022. Footnotes to our performance metrics outline the 
scope and methodologies of our data reporting. The 
minimum boundary for reporting on environmental priorities 
is the assets we operate. Current and updated targets and 
ambitions are outlined in near‑, medium‑  and long‑term 
timeframes, followed by examples of emissions reduction 
projects in our business units.
These targets inform internal emissions reduction goals at 
the business unit level and support innovation on efficiency, 
emissions reduction, GHG regulatory risk mitigation and 
climate‑related risk management throughout the life cycle 
of our assets.
1 Scope 1 and 2 emissions on a gross operated and net equity basis. 
2 Achieving a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, five years sooner than the World Bank initiative’s goal of 2030. 
3 Reduction from a 2016 baseline. 
Emissions Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)
PATHWAY TO NET-ZERO ¹
Near-Term (2025) • Zero routine flaring by 2025²
Medium-Term (2030) • NEW: Reduce GHG intensity 50-60% (from 40-50%)³
• Near-zero methane intensity target <1.5 kg CO2e/BOE
Long-Term (2050) • Net-zero emissions ambition¹
20302016 2022 2050
0
10
20
30
40
50
Gross Operated Net Equity 
50%
Reduction
60%
Reduction
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
62
Climate

Near-Term Emissions Reductions 
(By 2025)
Our near‑term targets have a priority focus on flaring and 
methane emissions. 
Our 2025 targets are as follows:
• ACHIEVED IN 2021: Meet a 10% methane emissions 
intensity reduction target by 2025 from a 2019 baseline. 
• Achieve a target of zero routine flaring by 2025, five years 
sooner than the World Bank Initiative’s goal of 2030.
Methane 
Our methane emissions reductions come from voluntary 
reduction activities and from portfolio changes. Our absolute 
methane emissions decreased in 2022 due to the disposition 
of our Indonesian and non-core Lower 48 assets, reduced 
flare volumes, improved detection of fugitive emissions and 
data quality improvements.
In 2022, methane emissions totaled 1.7 million tonnes of 
CO2e and constituted approximately 11% of our total GHG 
emissions.
By year‑end 2021, we achieved a 13% reduction of intensity 
from 2019, surpassing our 2025 target four years early 
with an intensity of 2.6 kg CO2e/BOE. As of year‑end 2022, 
we have achieved an approximate 70% methane emissions 
intensity reduction from 2015 with an intensity of 2.5 kg 
CO2e/BOE.6 
Reducing methane emissions, even the small equipment 
leaks known as fugitive emissions, is a key part of our 
operations. Leak detection and repair (LDAR) is a work 
practice used to identify and repair leaking components, 
including valves, compressors, pumps, tanks and 
connectors, in order to reduce GHG emissions and increase 
efficiency. We fix leaks as soon as feasible, with many 
leaks repaired either the same day or within a few days of 
being detected. We have been voluntarily conducting pilots 
of new technologies at numerous facilities to determine 
effectiveness and scalability of next‑generation detection 
technologies. This has included a wide range of ground‑
based and aerial technologies, each providing different 
strengths for different monitoring applications. The main 
objective with these technology pilots is to expeditiously 
identify, investigate and repair leaks associated with 
malfunctions and abnormal operating conditions, resulting 
in faster emissions mitigation. We continue to work with 
technology providers to develop and test technologies, and 
we expect improvements over time.
Acquisitions 
and 
Divestments 
and Voluntary 
Methane 
Reductions
ReductionsTotal
kg CO2e/BOE
0
9
8
7
5
4
3
2
1
10
6
GROSS OPERATED METHANE EMISSIONS 
INTENSITY PROGRESS
2.5 2.7
-5.8
-0.5
8.8
2015 Initial
Reductions
3.0
2019 Additional
Reductions
ACHIEVED:
2025 10% 
Reduction from 
2019 Baseline
2022 2025
Million Tonnes CO₂ Equivalent
TOTAL GROSS OPERATED METHANE 
EMISSIONS
2015 2019 2020 2021 2022
6.1
1.7 1.6 1.8 1.7
Global Warming Potential = 25
6 While 2019 is the formal baseline for our methane emissions intensity target, we also compare performance to 2015 to show longer-term progress. 2015 is an important milestone year for 
international organizations like the UN-led Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 that aim to achieve a 45% methane emissions reduction by 2025 from 2015 levels.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
63
Climate

Flaring
Flaring is a regulated process for the controlled release 
and burning of natural gas during oil and gas exploration, 
production and processing operations. Flaring is required 
to safely dispose of flammable gas released during process 
upsets or other unplanned events and to safely relieve 
pressure before performing equipment maintenance. Flaring 
is also used to control and reduce emissions of volatile 
organic compounds from oil and condensate storage tanks, 
and to manage emissions at well sites that lack sufficient 
pipeline infrastructure to capture gas for sale.
ConocoPhillips is committed to the World Bank Zero Routine 
Flaring by 2030 Initiative, a program that aims to create 
consistency among governments, the oil and gas sector and 
development institutions to address flaring.7 In 2022, based 
on our flaring reductions to date, we committed to achieving 
zero routine flaring by 2025, five years in advance of the 
World Bank goal, and we continue to make strong progress. 
In 2022, routine flaring decreased nearly 90% compared 
to 2021 through active well management to shut in wells 
during capacity constraint events. Other projects focus on 
treatment of sour gas, flare capture and de‑bottlenecking. 
Achieving this target is a key near‑term action to achieving 
our World Bank goal as well as our net‑zero operational 
emissions ambition. 
While flaring emissions make up only about 10% of our total 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions, the target will drive continued 
near‑term focus on routine flaring reductions across 
our assets. 
In 2022, the total volume of flared gas was 17 .9 BCF, a 
decrease of 13% from 2021. The decrease was a result of 
decreased flaring in Eagle Ford, Norway and Alaska as 
well as the disposition of our Indonesia asset. In Eagle Ford, 
decreased flaring was attributable to flare decommissioning, 
better accounting of flare outage periods, and use of wellsite 
fuel meters. In addition to reduced flare volumes, flaring 
intensity also decreased 12%. 
Having made significant progress in addressing routine 
flaring, our future focus will shift to non‑routine and 
safety flaring. These sources of flaring present economic 
challenges due to the dispersed nature of the assets. We will 
continue to review viable options to reduce these sources.
Medium-Term Emissions 
Reductions (By 2030)
Methane
In July 2022, ConocoPhillips joined the Oil and Gas Methane 
Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 Initiative, a voluntary, public‑private 
partnership between the United Nations Environment 
Programme, the European Commission, the Environmental 
Defense Fund and over 80 oil and gas companies. OGMP 2.0 
has emerged as a global standard for methane emissions 
measurement and reporting and is aimed at minimizing 
methane emissions from global oil and gas operations. Our 
membership demonstrates our commitment to deliver on our 
methane reduction targets through active collaboration to 
accelerate industry best practices in our operations. 
As part of OGMP 2.0, we plan to report methane 
emissions for all material sources from both operated and 
non‑operated assets according to our reporting boundaries. 
In line with the Initiative’s guidance, we plan to incorporate 
source‑level and site‑level measurements when estimating 
methane emissions from our operations. In conjunction 
with these commitments and in response to achieving our 
near‑term methane target four years early, we have set a 
new medium‑term target to achieve a near‑zero methane 
emissions intensity by 2030. This near‑zero target is defined 
Million Cubic Feet
TOTAL GROSS OPERATED FLARING VOLUME
Million Cubic Feet/Million BOE
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
21,200
24,600
14,500
20,500
17,900
35.5
43.8
30.8
29.5
25.9
 7  Routine flaring is defined as flaring of associated gas that occurs during the normal production of oil in the absence of sufficient facilities to utilize the gas onsite, dispatch it to a market or 
re-inject it. Flaring for safety reasons, non-routine flaring or flaring gas other than associated gas is not included as part of the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring Initiative.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
64
Climate

as 1.5kg CO2e/BOE or approximately 0.15% of natural gas 
produced. The target includes emissions that are related to 
production and excludes emissions from our aviation and 
polar tankers fleets.
The company has already progressed toward meeting 
this target over the past several years. Between 2016 and 
2022, we achieved a 41% intensity reduction on a target‑
related, gross operated basis through a combination of 
specific emissions reduction projects and portfolio changes. 
Continued capital allocation actions are expected to have 
a combined impact of lowering GHG emissions intensity 
by roughly 9‑19% as we increase production from assets 
with low intensity, such as those in the Permian Basin, and 
achieve reductions from near‑term projects.
41% 
Reduction
from
2016 to 2022
50-60%
Reduction
9-19%
2016 20302022
50
45
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
kg CO₂e/BOE
GROSS OPERATED PATHWAY TO 5 0-60%
INTENSITY REDUCTION TARGE T
Future Capital 
Allocation to 
Low-GHG 
Production and 
Future 
Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects
Portfolio 
High-grading, 
Acquisitions, 
Divestments 
and Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects
36% 
Reduction
from
2016 to 2022
50-60%
Reduction
50
45
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
kg CO₂e/BOE
Future Capital 
Allocation to 
Low-GHG 
Production and 
Future 
Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects
Portfolio 
High-grading, 
Acquisitions, 
Divestments 
and Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects
NET EQUITY PATHWAY TO 5 0-60%
INTENSITY REDUCTION TARGE T
14-24%
2016 20302022
Total Reductions 50% Target 60% Target Total Reductions 50% Target 60% Target
2016
Baseline
2019 2020 2021 2022 2030
Target
40.2
42.3
39.1
35.9
33.8 32.4
26.6 28.5
22.9
44.6
Gross Operated Intensity
Net Equity Intensity 60% Target
50% Target
10
5
0
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
50
kg CO2e/BOE
2022 GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY 
TARGET PROGRESS
The target includes emissions that are related to 
production and excludes emissions from our aviation 
and polar tankers fleets. This may give rise to small 
differences between the intensity we report for our GHG 
target purposes and the intensity we report for our annual 
metrics. Over the past five years, this difference has been 
less than 2%, or 1 kg CO2e/BOE. 
We are one of more than 100 companies 
participating in The Environmental Partnership, 
a coalition of natural gas and oil companies 
focused on accelerating environmental 
performance improvements from operations 
across the United States. The partnership 
prioritizes managing methane emissions and 
aligns with our focus on emissions reductions 
and high environmental standards.
GHG Emissions
In April 2023, we strengthened our target to 50‑60% 
reduction by 2030 from a 2016 baseline. The target covers 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 gross operated and net equity 
emissions. Our Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions and 
emissions intensity calculations directly measure our 
performance and help us understand climate‑related risk. 
Lower intensity assets are more resilient to policy, legal, 
technology and market risk. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
65
Climate

45%
55%
Equity Based
Non-Operated
Equity Based
Operated
Net Equity
GHG
Emissions
Because we approach net‑zero as a shared challenge, 
we look to influence our joint operating partners’ climate 
risk strategies and GHG targets and align our emissions 
reduction activity. We engage with our major operating 
partners to align on approaches to managing climate ‑
related risk. This includes discussions with QatarEnergy 
and its operating company Qatargas for our LNG 
partnership in Qatar as well as Origin Energy for our 
APLNG business.
In 2022, our total gross operated GHG emissions were 
approximately 16.0 million tonnes, a 14% reduction compared 
to 2021. The disposition of our Indonesia asset and some 
smaller Permian dispositions contributed to a decrease in 
absolute emissions in 2022. In addition, we implemented 
various emissions reduction measures across our assets 
during 2022, including reductions in flaring and installation 
of drill site fuel meters.
41% 
Reduction
from
2016 to 2022
50-60%
Reduction
9-19%
2016 20302022
50
45
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
kg CO₂e/BOE
GROSS OPERATED PATHWAY TO 5 0-60%
INTENSITY REDUCTION TARGE T
Future Capital 
Allocation to 
Low-GHG 
Production and 
Future 
Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects
Portfolio 
High-grading, 
Acquisitions, 
Divestments 
and Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects
36% 
Reduction
from
2016 to 2022
50-60%
Reduction
50
45
40
35
30
25
20
15
10
5
0
kg CO₂e/BOE
Future Capital 
Allocation to 
Low-GHG 
Production and 
Future 
Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects
Portfolio 
High-grading, 
Acquisitions, 
Divestments 
and Emissions 
Reduction 
Projects
NET EQUITY PATHWAY TO 5 0-60%
INTENSITY REDUCTION TARGE T
14-24%
2016 20302022
Total Reductions 50% Target 60% Target Total Reductions 50% Target 60% Target
Million Tonnes CO₂e
0
15
10
5
20
GROSS OPERATED GHG EMISSIONS CHANGES
0.4 -0.2 16.0
18.7
2021
Emissions
-2.7
Indonesia 
and
Lower 48
-0.2
Flare
Reduction
Data
Quality
Improvements
Other
Reductions
2022
Emissions
Increase DecreaseTotal
Million Tonnes CO₂e
0
15
10
5
20
GROSS OPERATED GHG EMISSIONS CHANGES
0.4 -0.2 16.0
18.7
2021
Emissions
-2.7
Indonesia 
and
Lower 48
-0.2
Flare
Reduction
Data
Quality
Improvements
Other
Reductions
2022
Emissions
Increase DecreaseTotal
Net Equity and Non-Operated Emissions
In addition to progress against our operational GHG 
emissions intensity target, we are also working toward 
reducing our net equity GHG emissions intensity. 
Our target-related net equity emissions were about the 
same in 2022 compared to 2021, at 18.1 million tonnes 
CO2e. This corresponds to a lower target-related net equity 
intensity of 28.5 kg CO2e/BOE compared to 2021. About 55% 
of our net equity emissions are from non‑operated assets. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
66
Climate

ACHIEVING OUR NET-ZERO  OPERATIONAL 
EMISSIONS AMBITION BY 2050 1
INTERIM TARGETS
PROGRESS:
YEAR-END 2022
FL ARING
Routine ﬂaring
3
 
Zero by 
2025
90%
reduction from 
2021
GHG EMISSIONS 
Reduce gross operated 
GHG emissions intensity
41% 
reduction from 
2016 baseline
50-60% 
by 2030
36% 
reduction from 
2016 baseline
Reduce net equity 
GHG emissions intensity 
50-60% 
by 2030
METHANE
17% 
reduction from 
2019 baseline
GOAL 
MET
Reduce methane
intensity
10% by 2025
kg CO2e/BOE2
2.5
Methane intensity
2
Near-zero 
by 2030
1  Scope 1 and 2 emissions on a gross operated and net equity basis. 
2  Deﬁned as less than 1.5 kg CO2e/BOE or ~0.15% of natural gas production. 
3  In line with the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring initiative.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
67
Climate

Scope 1 and 2 Emissions  
Reduction Activities
Marginal Abatement Cost Curve Process
During our annual budget planning process, we use the 
MACC process to collect potential GHG emissions reduction 
projects from our business units, prioritize them based on 
their cost and reduction volume, and implement the most 
cost‑effective projects. The MACC plots the breakeven cost 
of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) reduction, considering 
capital and operating cost, and the potential increased 
revenue for each project against the cumulative GHG 
emissions that can be reduced.
Project funding may be based on criteria including:
• Cost: Cost per metric ton of CO2e abated.
• Sustainable reduction: Reduces emissions permanently.
• Scalability: Can be scaled up to provide additional 
emissions reductions.
• Technology readiness: Systems and processes proven to 
reduce emissions by the forecasted amount. 
• Repeatability: Can be replicated in other business units.
We typically consider projects that are expected to provide 
the greatest overall contribution in reducing our GHG 
emissions with a low breakeven cost of up to $60/tonne 
CO2e, as well as projects that anticipate forthcoming 
regulatory changes. By prioritizing and confirming projects 
INVESTMENTS WHICH REDUCED GHG EMISSIONS
TECHNOLOGY AREA STAGE OF DEVELOPMENT 2018-2022 INVESTMENTS
Energy efficiency Applied research and development $5 million
Pilot demonstration $63 million
Small‑scale commercial deployment $6 million
Large‑scale commercial deployment $207 million
Methane detection and reduction Applied research and development $4 million
Pilot demonstration $2 million
Small‑scale commercial deployment $20 million
Large‑scale commercial deployment $54 million
Other emissions reductions Applied research and development $8 million
Pilot demonstration $9 million
Small‑scale commercial deployment $23 million
Large‑scale commercial deployment $163 million
through the MACC process with Low Carbon Technologies 
team colleagues, BUs were able to embed emissions 
reduction efforts within their budgets and long‑range 
plans (LRPs). Our goal is to allow innovation, flexibility and 
accountability at the local level while providing support, 
guidance and oversight from corporate peers. This approach 
allows BUs to reprioritize and adjust within their budgets 
to account for regulatory and/or technology changes while 
maintaining consistency in process. This enhances our 
company’s competitive advantage in playing a vital role 
through the energy transition.
In 2022, ConocoPhillips spent about $150 million to support 
low carbon opportunities and more than 90 emissions 
reduction projects across our global operations through 
the MACC. These projects address improvements relating 
to venting and flaring, electrification, process optimization, 
efficiency, and include strategic pilots and studies. In 2022 
we prioritized methane and flaring projects in support of our 
near‑term methane and flaring initiatives.
• Methane venting: Eliminate gas‑driven pneumatics and 
modify facilities to reduce gas venting.
• Flaring: Incorporate vapor recovery units at facilities; 
recover waste gas for sales.
• Electrification: Reduce combustion needs on drilling and 
completions; electrify operations and pursue renewable 
energy sources; conduct basin‑wide electrification study 
in the Permian.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
68
Climate

• Optimization and efficiency: Streamline facilities, tanks 
and equipment; improve waste heat utilization, insulation 
and power distribution. Consolidate older tank battery 
facilities to modern facilities to take advantage of 
existing emissions control equipment while improving 
operating efficiency.
To progress projects and achieve reductions in these 
areas, we have set up regional teams in North America, 
Australia, China and Europe to use the MACC process. 
Output from the MACC informs our annual budget, LRP and 
technology strategy.
Projects below the line are economic and have a negative 
breakeven cost of carbon.8 Projects above the line are not 
economic without considering cost of carbon — the taller 
the bar, the higher the breakeven cost of carbon. When 
considering the cost of carbon, projects below the 
$60/tonne breakeven point will generally be considered for 
funding. The width of the bar indicates the annual emissions 
savings that would occur should the project be undertaken — 
the wider the bar, the greater the emissions savings. 
We have allocated nearly $300 million in the 2023 capital 
and operating budgets to energy transition activities, a 
majority of which will address Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
reduction projects across our global operations selected 
through this program.
Scope 1 and 2 reduction activities and MACC projects are 
described in the following section. Read more about our 
MACC process and the Net‑Zero Roadmap.
Electriﬁcation Methane Detection and Reduction Operational EfﬁciencyFlaring
MARGINAL ABATEMENT COST CURVE
The marginal abatement cost curve below shows current estimates of emissions reductions 
and breakeven cost of carbon of projects sanctioned for 2022 on a gross operated basis.
Breakeven $/ T CO₂e
700 1,2001,000 1,100800 900400 500 6003002001000
$–
$50
$(50)
$100
$(100)
$150
$(150)
$200
$(200)
Thousand Tonnes CO₂e Potential Emissions Reductions Per Year
8 New projects with a negative breakeven cost of carbon may continue to be brought forward for consideration each year as we advance our technology and identify possible new angles for 
emissions reductions.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
69
Climate

METHANE DETECTION  
IN U.S. OPERATIONS
ConocoPhillips utilizes a variety of leak detection and repair 
(LDAR) tools to identify and repair methane leaks. First, we 
conduct LDAR surveys as required by NSPS Subpart OOOOa 
and other state regulatory frameworks. Second, we utilize 
various innovative technologies that go above and beyond 
those required by regulations. These innovative technologies 
are deployed at selected assets with the intent of evaluating 
and understanding their limitations and advantages. In 
addition, ConocoPhillips participates in a variety of voluntary 
LDAR programs offered through industry organizations, trade 
associations and joint partnerships. Examples of technologies 
currently in use are summarized below. 
Informal Inspections
ConocoPhillips personnel visit sites as part of their routine 
duties or in response to operational issues at the sites. They 
identify anomalous operating conditions that may contribute 
to audio, visual or olfactory (AVO) indications of potential 
leaks. We conduct formal AVO inspections to identify potential 
leaks at sites where regulatorily required. On most other sites 
where not regulatorily required, we perform these inspections 
periodically on a voluntary basis. 
Instrument-based Method 21 Inspections
Where required by regulatory programs, we conduct LDAR 
inspections pursuant to requirements of U.S. EPA Reference 
Method 21, using an organic vapor analyzer. 
Optical Gas Imaging (OGI) Camera Inspections
We perform periodic inspections at sites using OGI cameras 
where required by NSPS OOOOa regulations. In addition, at 
sites not subject to NSPS OOOOa regulations, we conduct 
periodic OGI inspections on a voluntary basis. In addition 
to the above LDAR methods either required by or based on 
regulatory requirements, ConocoPhillips continues to pilot 
and utilize innovative methods of monitoring, including some 
airborne and ground-based systems. The pilot programs and 
deployments of innovative technologies discussed below are 
not used for regulatory purposes.
Airborne Systems
We have piloted several aerial technologies that enable 
routine monitoring over a larger area and allow for inspection 
of multiple facilities at a time. Airborne systems are an 
established way of screening emissions from an entire facility, 
a group of facilities or a wider geographic area.
Drone-mounted technology has proven effective in detecting 
and locating the source of leaks due to their low-altitude 
capabilities. We have also utilized airplanes and helicopters 
with mounted sensors to fly over facilities to detect leaks. If 
leaks are suspected, operations personnel follow up to verify 
and repair. Airplane sensors can detect smaller leaks, but our 
experience indicates that their effectiveness at pinpointing 
exact locations can be diminished in areas where other 
facilities are in close proximity. ConocoPhillips has worked 
with Scientific Aviation and Bridger Photonics to fly fixed-
wing aircraft carrying detection technology over our Lower 48 
assets. We have also contracted with LeakScout to periodically 
fly helicopters equipped with OGI cameras around select sites. 
This program has also proven effective in identifying leaks.
While many of these airborne technologies are good at 
detecting leaks, they do require personnel following up with 
hand-held OGI cameras to identify the exact location of the 
leaks and the equipment involved, after which we conduct 
repairs and ensure mitigation was successful.
Satellite-based detection technology is another large-scale 
leak detection option. However, it has limitations in areas where 
facilities are located within close to proximity to one another. 
An additional drawback has been the inability to identify small 
to medium leaks. Recently launched satellites are showing 
promise to provide better imaging and allowing more frequent 
monitoring of specific facilities. ConocoPhillips continues to 
evaluate how satellite detection may factor into our programs 
moving forward. For example, we are joining a beta testing 
program for Environmental Defense Fund’s MethaneAir, a 
precursor to MethaneSat, their satellite to be launched next 
year using the same detection technology.
Continuous Monitoring Systems:  
Metal Oxide-based SOOFIE Sensors
ConocoPhillips has implemented systems to monitor for 
leaks on a continuous basis. We have worked with Scientific 
Aviation and Qube Technologies, and other vendors, to test 
continuous methane monitoring devices at select Lower 48 
facilities to further enhance early detection and response 
capabilities. Metal oxide-based sensors are a relatively 
simple and cost-effective technology that incorporates 
three to six sensors strategically placed around locations 
to maximize effectiveness during varying wind conditions. 
Elevated methane concentrations detected by the sensors are 
analyzed by an automated system that considers details such 
as equipment location, distance, wind speed and direction to 
identify the most probable emissions source.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
70
Climate

Methane
Lower 48
Setting a methane emissions intensity target ensures 
continued focus on methane emissions reductions, including 
designing new facilities to avoid methane emissions as 
much as practical. We have evaluated ways to improve well 
pad and central facility design to reduce GHG emissions, 
including emissions capture and suppression and installing 
vapor recovery units. For example, in 2022 we completed 
dozens of projects in Permian and Bakken to retrofit vapor 
recovery units on existing brownfield sites to capture tank 
emissions and reduce flaring. 
We participate in The Environmental Partnership, a coalition 
of about 100 oil and natural gas API member companies 
working to improve methane emissions management. The 
program has utilized Bridger Photonics to fly aircraft at 
a program‑determined frequency over industry assets, 
including those of ConocoPhillips. In 2022, through our work 
in the partnership, we conducted flyovers of our Permian and 
Eagle Ford assets to survey approximately 450 sites from 
the air. Further, as part of our commitment, we have focused 
on two key areas:
• LDAR programs: In 2022, we conducted approximately 
9,200 handheld OGI surveys and 3,400 aerial surveys 
across our Lower 48 assets to detect leaks and quickly 
repair them. While this is a regulatory requirement in 
many areas, over 75% of the surveys were done on a 
voluntary basis. These surveys continue to provide a 
better understanding of where leaks occur and how we 
can minimize fugitive emissions. See more about detection 
and monitoring technology in the following section.
• Eliminating gas‑driven pneumatic devices: Many of our 
greenfield designs at new facilities include devices to 
use supplied air instead of site gas to reduce natural gas 
emissions from pneumatics. We currently have a multi‑
year pneumatics replacement program that will retrofit 
up to 46,000 pneumatic devices at existing sites across 
Lower 48, estimated for completion by 2031.
Pneumatic device replacements are among the highest 
priority emissions reduction projects across the Lower 48, 
as they account for some of the more significant methane 
emissions sources and have a competitive cost of abatement. 
With thousands of gas‑driven pneumatic devices in service, 
our operations and engineering teams have begun to 
execute our first large‑scale retrofit campaign in New 
Mexico with plans to continue to ramp up programs 
in other states. Each conversion increases revenue by 
keeping gas in the sales line while allowing us to maintain 
regulatory compliance with new legislation or anticipated 
federal guidelines.
Canada
Our development in Montney was designed to eliminate the 
majority of methane emissions by utilizing self‑generated 
electricity and electric equipment rather than traditional 
natural gas‑driven equipment.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
71
Climate

Detection and Monitoring
Lower 48
In addition to our reduction efforts, we have been conducting 
pilots of new technologies across our operations to determine 
effectiveness and scalability of next‑generation detection 
technologies. For example, we have installed nearly 2,000 
fixed methane monitoring devices at nearly 400 sites 
throughout our Permian, Eagle Ford and Bakken assets.
While continuous monitoring technology has worked well to 
expeditiously identify and mitigate leaks, that technology 
is not used for regulatory measurement purposes at this 
time. Our reported 2022 emissions for the U.S. are based on 
EPA‑mandated methodologies for estimating and reporting 
GHG emissions. A desired outcome of OGMP 2.0 is that in the 
future, measurement‑based information can be incorporated 
into methane emissions calculations. 
ConocoPhillips submitted our OGMP 2.0 Implementation 
Plan in May 2023. Most of our assets are already reporting at 
Level 3 with line of sight to Level 4.9 Reporting through OGMP 
2.0 will help us make better informed decisions about where to 
prioritize our efforts to have the maximum impact on reducing 
our emissions footprint. We have also been actively engaged 
with other OGMP 2.0 members to ensure that the previously 
EU‑focused guidance could be translated and applicable to 
a U.S. context. Key differences between EU‑based operators 
and U.S.‑based operators generally include:
• EU energy companies tend to have more concentrated 
facilities, while U.S. companies operate thousands of 
wells over large geographic areas, often with operators 
interspersed.
• EU joint ventures are typically associated with a single large 
asset involving wells and associated infrastructure, typically 
including only a few large shareholders. In contrast, U.S. 
development typically occurs at a single well level and can 
involve many partners, some with small interest.
Alaska
We continue to test and deploy new GHG emissions detection 
technologies in Alaska, including continuous monitoring. For 
example, in Alaska we began a project in 2021 to install fuel 
flow meters on existing Kuparuk drill site heaters to more 
accurately calculate emissions from pre‑combustion fuel gas. 
The project will continue through 2023.
Canada
In Canada, we installed emissions monitors on a drilling 
rig to actively monitor diesel fuel consumption, natural 
gas consumption and engine loads, increasing accuracy of 
emissions measurement on the rig. The rig was then outfitted 
with a battery and natural gas generators to reduce GHG 
emissions and operate the rig at reduced fuel costs. Battery 
backup can also double as temporary engine replacement, 
necessitating one less engine to be online.
Flaring
Lower 48
We continue to progress toward our target of zero routine 
flaring by 2025. We have reduced flaring by utilizing closed‑
loop completions, central gas gathering systems and vapor 
recovery units. We direct condensate to sales pipelines and 
improve uptime through operational excellence (a major 
focus for all our operating facilities). We do not routinely 
flare due to pipeline constraints in the Lower 48 or anywhere 
else in the portfolio. 
Project examples include:
• In 2022, the Bakken operations team focused on MACC 
projects to reduce routine flaring. Projects focused on 
treatment of sour gas, flare capture, de‑bottlenecking and 
auto‑curtailment when offtake is restricted. The execution 
of these projects resulted in a year‑over‑year reduction of 
associated gas flaring by more than 60%. 
• In the Bakken, sour gas treatment projects had the 
largest impact on flare reduction. Sour gas that does 
not meet pipeline sales specifications will typically be 
flared or curtailed. Successful treatment has allowed gas 
to be marketed. We have also implemented production 
deferral practices when offtake is constrained, and we 
are progressing field‑wide deployment of gas capture 
technologies. As of year‑end 2022, these projects allowed 
treatment and sales of 5 million cubic feet of gas per day, 
reducing flared gas volumes.
• Many of the initiatives developed in the Bakken are being 
replicated in Eagle Ford and Permian fields. A 2022 
meeting of asset managers and operational leaders 
established alignment on standards for routine and 
safety flaring.
9  OGMP 2.0 “levels” refer to increasing reporting requirements and additional granularity. Level 3 includes reporting of emissions by detailed source type; Level 4 layers company-specific 
emissions factors; Level 5, the gold standard, includes measurement at the site or facility level and reconciliation with Level 4 estimates.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
72
Climate

• In the Eagle Ford, we began a project in 2021 that uses 
an optical gas imaging (OGI) camera transmitter to send a 
feedback signal to the flare blower’s speed controller. This 
improves combustion of flare gases by allowing for continual 
air adjustment, ultimately resulting in CO2 abatement.
• Our Eagle Ford team is working to convert some gas 
assisted flares to air assist where economically feasible 
at large central facilities and individual well sites. 
Decommissioning tanks and flares is another approach 
being taken to reduce overall field flaring.
• In parts of the Delaware Basin, we have built and operate 
our own gathering system, which enables more flexibility 
and connections to multiple third‑party processors. We 
have also developed and implemented facility design 
changes to reduce flaring from tanks.
• We use Andium cameras to monitor flares at some sites. 
These cameras provide visual observation of flares that 
can be monitored at centralized locations, providing quick 
notice of any anomalous flaring events.
Norway
In the North Sea, we are working on multiple measures to 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the Greater Ekofisk Area. 
In 2022, we reduced our emissions from safety flaring by 
26,000 tonnes per year using a new flare gas re‑compressor 
installed at Ekofisk 2/4 J. Instead of gas being flared, it 
will now be sold to the European market. Another measure 
initiated in 2022 was the Rotating Equipment Opportunity 
Project (REOP), reducing CO2 emissions from the pipeline 
compressor by 24,000 tonnes per year. 
Operational Efficiency
Canada
Reducing the GHG emissions intensity of our oil sands 
operations continues to be a priority for our Canada operations. 
We co‑inject non‑condensable gas (NCG) with steam to 
reduce steam requirements and improve thermal efficiency, 
reduce GHG emissions intensity and enhance incremental 
oil production at Surmont. This allows for a reduction in the 
steam‑to‑oil ratio (SOR) and consequent reduction in GHG 
emissions intensity. The technology can be applied to almost 
any steam‑assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) operation, 
resulting in GHG intensity reductions of approximately 20‑30%. 
Further, we have installed flow control devices on SAGD 
producer and injector wells with steam block capabilities to 
further reduce SOR and reduce shut‑in occurrences.
Early project results have been shared with Canada’s Oil 
Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA) Innovation Plus consortia 
to encourage widespread deployment of the technology 
throughout Canada’s oil sands. In response to lower oil 
prices from the COVID‑19 pandemic, in 2020 and 2021, the 
BU developed a new co‑injection alternative, “NCG Lite,” to 
allow for the continued injection of NCG during curtailment 
without the need to install additional infrastructure.
We are also piloting multilateral well technology including 
innovative drilling and completion methods and thermal 
junction technology in existing vertical wellbores to increase 
production from a single surface location. This approach 
reduces surface footprint and provides increased bitumen 
production without additional steam injection, thereby 
reducing GHG emissions intensity and operating costs.
These projects have benefited from financial support 
provided through Emissions Reduction Alberta (ERA). 
ERA invests the proceeds from its carbon pricing scheme 
to reduce GHGs and strengthen the competitiveness of 
new and incumbent industries and accelerate Alberta’s 
transformation to a low‑carbon economy.
Lower 48
At rigs in Eagle Ford and Permian, we have implemented 
solutions using batteries and load matching to reduce diesel 
usage and the associated emissions. These battery systems 
allow the rigs to run the diesel‑driven power generators 50% 
less while also reducing trucking in the area.
Australia
An early feasibility assessment is proposed to install a 
two‑phase flashing liquid expander within the liquefaction 
section of a single train at APLNG. This will enable more 
efficient cooling and generation of excess electricity. It 
will also improve the energy efficiency of the liquefaction 
process, producing more LNG for the same compression 
power. 
Norway
At the Teesside Oil Terminal, we are working on various 
emissions saving projects such as stabilization train 
convection bank cleaning, steam boilers burner management 
system rationalization, crude oil charge pump electrical drive 
change‑out, in addition to a number of different energy‑
saving ideas. Crude oil charge pump electrical drive change‑
out, in addition to a number of different energy‑saving ideas.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
73
Climate

Electrification and Alternative Power
Lower 48
We are evaluating a focused range of renewable energy 
projects, concentrating on projects that can provide power 
directly to our facilities to reduce Scope 1 and 2 emissions. 
We are evaluating opportunities to use power from the grid, 
waste gas generators or alternative energy. We expect that 
dual fuel capabilities and electric power solutions for drilling 
and hydraulic fracturing will be viable technologies to 
lower operational emissions by replacing diesel usage with 
field gas or compressed natural gas (CNG) while improving 
productive time by reducing maintenance and generating 
more usable horsepower. 
After a successful pilot in 2020, we initiated a project in 
2021 to utilize lower‑carbon alternative fuel sources in the 
Permian. Rather than relying solely on diesel fuel to power 
hydraulic fracturing operations, the project aims to use 
compressed natural gas and liquefied natural gas to power 
electric hydraulic fracturing (e‑frac) fleets. 
In 2022, in Eagle Ford, we successfully converted a 
hydraulic fracturing fleet to use field gas, reducing diesel 
consumption and lowering our emissions footprint. Natural 
gas reciprocating engines power the e‑frac fleet, leading 
to emissions reductions of more than 30% compared to a 
conventional diesel fleet. 
We conducted pre‑development work in 2021 and 2022 to 
evaluate the potential for wind and solar electric power 
generation for our operations in the Permian Basin. We led a 
large, multi‑stakeholder study that aims to better understand 
the long‑term load demand for the Permian Basin as well as 
impacts to the grid and upgrades that may be required if the 
basin was to fully electrify. As part of this project, we have 
engaged on infrastructure and electrification solutions with 
several other Permian operators representing about 40% of 
Permian Basin production. 
We also seek emissions reduction opportunities with our 
supply chain partners. In the Permian, for example, our 
completions group partnered with a sand supplier to 
change the proppant delivery and logistics business in the 
Delaware Basin, with a project currently under construction. 
The project includes a miles‑long electrified conveyor belt 
with the potential to reduce emissions, truck count and 
traffic incidents. The four‑year contract will ensure supply of 
the highest quality product in the market and yield logistics 
savings by 2026. 
China
Our operations in Bohai Bay, China are powered by fuel gas 
from associated natural gas production from developed 
fields. The asset will increasingly face a fuel gas shortage by 
the mid‑2020s, increasing operating costs due to the need 
to purchase natural gas at local market rates. To bridge this 
fuel gap, we are jointly developing an offshore wind farm 
with CNOOC Renewables to supply power to the Penglai 
oilfield and support the fulfillment of the BU’s net‑zero 
operational emissions reductions. 
The China BU is also reviewing other opportunities, including:
• Building localized offshore wind turbines specific to 
the asset.
• Developing shallow gas fields to increase supply to 
power operations.
• Installing a transformer station and subsea cables tying 
into CNOOC’s regional offshore power grid that connects 
to onshore power facilities.
Australia 
The Australia Pacific LNG (APLNG) facility on Curtis Island, 
Queensland, Australia is progressing a Battery Energy 
Storage System (BESS) to function as power backup in 
case of electricity generator failure. Currently APLNG is 
powered by gas turbine generators (GTGs) with one spare 
GTG running in reserve in the event another fails. A BESS 
would replace the spare GTG and act as the reserve 
electricity generator.
In 2022, the Australia BU began working on a hydrogen 
pilot to connect an electrolyzer to a fuel gas inlet pipe to 
generate and supply hydrogen to mix with fuel gas. Different 
electrolyzer technologies may be trialed throughout the 
pilot program.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
74
Climate

Voluntary Carbon Offsets 
While operational emissions reductions will drive our 
progress toward our net‑zero emissions ambition, ultimately 
offsets are likely to be required to mitigate residual, hard‑to‑
abate emissions. Leveraging know‑how from our experience 
in the compliance offset market, we have designed a 
flexible strategy to develop and purchase voluntary offsets, 
beginning in 2022. This strategy includes developing a 
diversified portfolio of offsets from third‑party projects and 
funds, as well as considering our own offset projects. Our 
preference will be projects in countries and regions in which 
we operate or have land holdings. While we do not anticipate 
the need to utilize offsets to achieve our medium‑term 
targets and did not retire any voluntary offsets in 2022, we 
are investing now to build a bank of offsets for potential use 
and retirement in the future. 
In early 2022, ConocoPhillips sent invitations to prospective 
offset developers to propose investment opportunities for 
ConocoPhillips participation. The invitations sought a variety 
of project types that could start issuing offsets by 2025, 
including those that are:
• Nature‑based: relating to forestry and land use, wetlands, 
agricultural improvements and grasslands or soil 
enrichment.
• Technology‑based: relating to energy efficiency, fuel 
switching, abandoned well management, waste disposal 
and fugitive emissions reductions.
The evaluation criteria for these projects emphasize the 
need for durability of the reductions or removals and leakage 
minimization, as well as community, conservation and 
biodiversity co‑benefits to create and increase commercial 
value for the projects beyond our net‑zero operational 
emissions ambition.
We have initiated investments which will bank credits for 
future use in our offsets registry accounts, such as Verra’s 
Verified Carbon Standard and the American Carbon Registry. 
These include carbon credit funds such as Climate Asset 
Management’s Nature Based Carbon Fund (NBCF). Taking 
a landscape approach, the NBCF looks to invest in nature‑
based solutions projects that restore and conserve nature 
in developing economies. This provides long‑lasting and 
verified positive impacts for biodiversity and communities 
and offers investors the carbon credits it procures. 
The NBCF’s initial project investment is in the Global 
EverGreening Alliance’s Restore Africa Programme, 
which aims to restore 1.9 million hectares of land, directly 
supporting 1.5 million smallholder farming families in six 
African countries — Kenya, Ethiopia, Malawi, Tanzania, 
Uganda and Zambia. As of December 2022, implementation 
had already begun in three of the six countries. 
In addition to our investment in NBCF, we are separately 
supporting offset projects in Mexico aimed at improved 
forest management for future offset issuance. 
Operational Net-Zero Roadmap
The company’s net‑zero roadmap details near‑  and 
medium‑term Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction efforts 
by identifying and prioritizing viable abatement options. 
It also conceptualizes how we intend to fulfill our longer‑
term targets through planning, fostering technological 
advancements and partnering with peers and external 
stakeholders to explore pilot projects that could abate 
challenging operational emissions.
The company’s net‑zero roadmap, like our scenario planning, 
is a tool that describes a possible pathway leading to 
a particular outcome. It is intended to be an illustrative 
example of how we intend to reach our net‑zero operational 
emissions ambition. It is an evergreen construct that will 
necessarily adjust over time in connection with various 
factors (including ongoing efforts and results, regulatory 
and/or technology changes, and future long‑term plans that 
are subject to adjustment).
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
75
Climate

To drive accountability for the emissions that are within 
our control, each of our operating business units (BUs) is 
developing a roadmap to describe its strategies and plans 
to help drive the company toward realizing our net‑zero 
ambition for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. BUs will also 
identify technology solutions for hard‑to‑abate emissions 
and pilot new methods to reduce and accelerate emissions 
reductions. When rolled up, these BU roadmaps will inform 
our technology development, operations and engineering 
teams, along with our development staff, where to direct 
efforts today, while allowing us to forecast and prioritize 
needs of the future.
The company‑wide net‑zero roadmap will also:
• Empower each BU to progress initiatives specific to 
its needs.
• Leverage the marginal abatement cost curve (MACC) 
process to assess viability and prioritize projects.
• Promote collaboration between BUs on projects which are 
scalable or transferable.
• Create new lower‑emissions facility designs.
• Prioritize pilot projects and tests of emerging 
technologies to address our most significant needs.
• Enhance the tools and processes we use to prioritize, 
execute and track our emissions reduction efforts.
As part of the net-zero roadmap, our Lower 48 business 
unit, for example, is implementing an ambitious emissions 
reduction strategy. For greenfield projects, we are targeting 
low‑emissions design concepts with a focus on pneumatics, 
vapor controls for tanks, flaring and electric compression. 
For brownfield assets, retrofit projects targeting these same 
emissions sources are being executed for completion by 
the end of the decade. In addition, the Lower 48 BU intends 
to expand electrical infrastructure as needed in areas to 
support increasing grid connectivity of operations. Read 
more about the Lower 48 Emissions Reduction Strategy.
Near- Term MACC: Methane, ﬂaring, 
electriﬁcation and efﬁciency projects
Portfolio: Capital allocation
to low-GHG production
Medium- to Long- Term Net-Zero Options: 
Efﬁciency, large-scale electriﬁcation and CCS
ILLUSTRATIVE NET-ZERO OPERATIONAL EMISSIONS ROADMAP
 kg CO e/BOE
39.1
22.9
~16.0
The Net-Zero Operational Emissions Roadmap is intended to be an illustrative example of how we intend to reach our net-zero operational emissions ambition. ~16.0 kg CO2e/BOE is an 
approximation of our 2030 intensity. Offsets are likely to be required to mitigate our residual, hard-to-abate emissions. Offsets and net-zero options may be pursued simultaneously. 
The actual timing of deploying the actions described here may vary from the illustration.
In Progress
2023–2030:
of target on track
to be achieved
~19% 
Complete
2016–2022:
of target met
~41% 
Future State
2031–2050:
of target reduction options
under development
~40% 
2016
Baseline
2050
Net-Zero
Ambition
2022 2024 2026 202820202018 2034 2036 2038 20402032 2042 2044 2046 20482030
50%
reduced
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
76
Climate

Addressing Scope 3 
Emissions
While we recognize that end‑use emissions must be 
reduced to meet global climate objectives, it is our view 
that supply‑side constraints through Scope 3 targets for 
targeted Paris‑aligned North American and European 
oil and gas producers would be counterproductive in the 
absence of policy measures that address global demand. 
Curtailed supply would be replaced with production from 
less accountable operators and jurisdictions to meet 
transition demand. Scope 3 targets do not address demand 
and do not limit global production and in our view are 
ineffective in reducing global emissions. 
The drive of some NGO and activist investors for Scope 3 
targets is premised on a prescribed capital shift away from 
oil and gas which has been described in some financial 
sector climate frameworks. The Institutional Investors Group 
on Climate Change (IIGCC), for example, refers to ceasing 
oil and gas exploration and “running existing assets down.”12 
Similarly, the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net‑Zero 
(GFANZ) describes the importance of a “managed phaseout” 
of oil and gas.13 The push from activists for such phaseout 
does not appear to consider market and technology 
readiness, or related impacts to energy affordability and 
energy security. 
This approach also does not take into account the projection 
from Paris‑aligned scenarios that oil and natural gas, 
produced from responsible operators, will be needed in the 
coming decades to meet transition demand. Proponents of 
Scope 3 targets seek to translate a global carbon budget 
that is science‑based to broad sectoral and company 
allocations that are not. The imposition of Scope 3 targets 
for a prescribed capital shift to phase out production that 
best meets actual demand is not a realistic way to address 
energy transition, climate change or shareholder value. 
While a sector‑wide reduction in demand for oil and natural 
gas products is foreseen as the transition progresses, our 
responsibility to shareholders is to strongly compete for 
transition demand by offering resilient, low cost of supply, 
low GHG emissions intensity production with Paris‑aligned 
goals for operational emissions, while also pursuing energy 
transition opportunities. This approach provides long‑term 
shareholder value and supports an orderly energy transition 
that avoids large‑scale energy price shocks.
Other key considerations have also reinforced our rationale 
at ConocoPhillips not to set a Scope 3 target.
E&P Company versus Integrated Company 
Pure play exploration and production companies do not 
have the opportunities to influence end‑use emissions 
that integrated oil and gas companies hold through their 
ownership and control over the production and sale of 
end‑use energy products. As an upstream producer, 
ConocoPhillips does not control how the commodities we 
sell into global markets are converted into different energy 
products or selected for use by consumers.
10  Intended to address Scope 3, Category 11 for use of sold products.
11  Intended to address Scope 3, Categories 1 and 2 for purchased goods and services and capital goods.
12 IIGCC, 2021. Net-zero standard for oil and gas.
13 GFANZ, 2022. The managed phaseout of high-emitting assets.
Our role in addressing Scope 3 emissions and 
accelerating the energy transition includes 
several focus areas:
• Advocating for policy to address end-use 
emissions.10
• Addressing upstream supply chain emissions 
by engaging with major suppliers on our 
Climate Risk Strategy.11
• Selectively investing in liquefied natural gas 
opportunities.
• Developing options to invest in low carbon 
business opportunities in hydrogen and CCS, 
subject to economic returns that make sense 
for our investors.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
77
Climate

Double Counting
Duplicative counting of end‑use emissions along the oil 
and natural gas value chain makes accurate accounting 
and credible target‑setting problematic. For example, the 
Scope 3 emissions from refining the oil we produce are a 
refiner’s Scope 1 emissions. The combustion of that oil in 
the form of an end‑use product such as gasoline are also 
Scope 3 emissions for the producer of the oil, the refiner and 
the marketer. The combustion of gasoline is also a Scope 
1 emission for distribution and transportation companies. 
Likewise, our Scope 3 emissions from the combustion of 
natural gas at a power station would be the electricity 
producer’s Scope 1 emissions and our own Scope 2 
emissions for electricity purchased to run our operations. 
We believe that the most practical way to avoid double‑
counting of emissions and overlap of targets is for all 
companies to align with the Paris Agreement and set targets 
for their Scope 1 and 2 emissions.
Climate Policy to Address End-Use  
Demand and Emissions
We have been clear since our first Climate Change Position 
in 2003 that end‑use emissions must be addressed to meet 
global climate commitments. Climate policies along with 
advances in technology and consumer choice will ultimately 
drive demand and end‑use emissions. We accept that in the 
absence of full carbon capture and sequestration, demand 
for energy must shift toward low‑carbon and non‑carbon 
sources, so we take responsibility for encouraging that shift 
by the most practical and effective means available — our 
vocal support for carbon pricing that would cause a change 
in the choices made by end users, which is detailed in the 
Public Policy Engagement section. Our constructive advocacy 
for effective carbon pricing policy began when we became 
the first U.S. oil and gas company to join the United States 
Climate Action Partnership in 2007 and continued in 2018 
when we joined the Climate Leadership Council as a founding 
member. It is also reflected in the fact that our main industry 
associations have now adopted positions on carbon pricing 
and other climate policies that align with our public positions. 
However, we also recognize the policy trend in the U.S. 
toward a regulatory approach to emissions reductions, and 
we advocate for effective and efficient regulations and 
legislation to advance economic incentives and reduce 
GHG emissions. To that end, we are leading discussions 
around additional policy options, aligned with our principles, 
that address end‑use emissions.
Reporting
We calculate Scope 3 emissions using the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol and the Ipieca 2016 Estimating Petroleum 
Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
methodologies based on net equity production numbers. 
We report the four largest categories of Scope 3 emissions 
that apply to our operations. Scope 3 emissions sources 
include CO2, methane (as CO2e) and nitrous oxide (as CO2e) 
for the four material categories of Scope 3 emissions that 
apply to our operations.
For oil and natural gas exploration and production 
companies, Scope 3 emissions fall primarily into the “use 
of sold products” category. Though we do not control how 
our total production is ultimately processed into consumer 
products, we make the conservative assumption that the 
majority of production is ultimately burned as fuel by end 
users. We use the API Compendium GHG emissions factors 
for crude oil and natural gas burned as fuel. This method 
accounts for all possible GHG emissions that could be 
associated with end use of our production. Our assumption 
and method are especially conservative when the “double 
counting” issues inherent in Scope 3 estimations for an 
exploration and production company are taken into account.
We conservatively calculate the other three categories of 
Scope 3 emissions by taking our entire volume of crude 
and natural gas and applying the relevant transportation, 
distribution and processing emissions factors from 
academic life cycle analyses, including the 2019 National 
Energy Technology Laboratory study: Life cycle analysis 
of natural gas extraction and power generation. In 2022, 
Scope 3 emissions increased in line with overall net 
production increase.
SCOPE 3 SOURCE ESTIMATED MILLION 
TONNES CO2E
Upstream transportation 5
Downstream transportation 8
Processing of sold products 14
Use of sold products 208
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
78
Climate

Additional Climate-Linked 
Performance Areas
Energy Efficiency
We continually strive to make our operations more energy 
efficient. This can provide environmental and economic 
benefits through lower production costs or greater sales 
revenue. Through the natural decline of production, as our 
fields diminish in size, they tend to require either the same, 
or in some cases, even greater amounts of energy to extract 
the product for processing or refining. 
Total energy consumption in 2022 was 206 trillion 
British Thermal Units (BTUs). Approximately 97% of our 
consumption was combustion of fuel for our own energy use 
with the remainder from purchased electricity.
Water
Water sourcing and produced water management are global 
challenges that require local solutions. We manage water 
risks and mitigate potential impacts to water resources, 
taking into account the unique hydrologic, quality, use and 
ecological settings of each basin or offshore marine area. 
Water‑related risks associated with fresh water withdrawal, 
water stress, offshore produced water discharges and 
onshore produced water disposal can affect our business. 
Read more about how we manage our water risks.
We measure and report on the volume of fresh water and 
non‑fresh water withdrawn from local water sources, the 
volume of municipal waste water reused, and the volume 
of produced water that is reused, recycled, disposed or 
discharged after treatment. The data are used to estimate 
our water intensity and exposure to water stress. We also 
collect water forecast data for our Long‑Range Plan which 
enables us to test our portfolio of projects against our water 
risks to make better‑informed strategic decisions.
The 2022 fresh water consumption intensity for our 
unconventional assets in the U.S. (Eagle Ford, Delaware, 
Midland and Bakken) and in Canada (Montney) was 0.06 
bbl/BOE EUR. The 2022 fresh water consumption intensity 
for our conventional (Alaska, Canada Surmont, LNG and 
Indonesia) and offshore assets (Norway) was 0.03 bbl/BOE. 
Read more about our water metrics.
We use the World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas to 
assess our portfolio exposure to water stress. Our Anadarko, 
Permian Midland Basin and Alaska Kuparuk assets are 
located in basins with high or extremely high baseline water 
stress and accounted for 6.3% of our total fresh water 
withdrawal and 2.4% of our total fresh water consumption 
in 2022. However, we have divested many of our assets with 
high water stress; the Lost Cabin Gas Plant and the majority 
of our Anadarko and Permian conventional assets were 
divested in 2021 and 2022. 
PRODUCED WATER MANAGED – GLOBAL SOURCE WATER – GLOBAL
DischargedDisposedReused/recycled Non-fresh Reused/recycledMunicipal 
Waste Water
Fresh
IS DISPOSED OF
IS DISCHARGED
OFFSHORE AFTER
TREATMENT
OF PRODUCED 
WATER IS REUSED 
OR RECYCLED
IS FRESH WATER
7%
OF SOURCE WATER IS
NON-FRESH WATER,
MUNICIPAL WASTE 
WATER AND REUSED 
OR RECYCLED 
PRODUCED WATER
93%
41%
10%
49%
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
79
Climate

Measurement, Reporting 
and Verification
Our environmental and social performance metrics and 
disclosures undergo various internal and external audit, 
assessment and assurance processes. We have engaged in 
assurance practices for our sustainability disclosures for 
more than a decade, and we use third‑party verification for 
external, independent, limited assurance of our metrics. 
We perform reasonable assurance for GHG emissions at 
select operated assets where it is required by country‑level 
regulation. Measurement, reporting and verification of our 
climate efforts and GHG data is critical for establishing 
credibility and accountability around our targets and actions.
Each of our BUs is responsible for quantifying emissions 
and reporting the information to our corporate center 
for compilation and internal quality assurance. Our 
GHG emissions estimation methodologies use the rules, 
emissions factors and thresholds for regulatory emissions 
reporting with the following amendments: We use a 
reporting threshold of 25,000 tonnes of CO2e per year 
for an asset and/or emissions source category unless the 
regulatory reporting threshold is lower. In our corporate 
reporting system, we include GHG emissions based on 
direct sources of emissions (Scope 1 emissions) and indirect 
sources of emissions from imported electricity and steam 
(Scope 2 emissions).
The method of data collection at each individual source can 
range from continuous emissions monitoring to emissions 
estimations. Our estimating approaches meet applicable 
regulatory reporting requirements or industry guidance, 
as appropriate. The quality of estimating methodologies, 
measurements and calculations is assessed internally by our 
corporate Environmental Assurance group. 
We report GHG emissions on both a gross operated and 
net equity basis. GHG emissions from non‑operated assets 
are included for affiliated companies and joint ventures in 
which ConocoPhillips owns greater than or equal to 20% 
working interest or when our share of GHG emissions (based 
on working interest) is greater than or equal to 25,000 
tonnes of CO2e per year. We request GHG emissions data 
from our partners on an annual basis. In certain cases, we 
obtain the required information from regulatory reports. 
Additionally, we calculate emissions based on asset‑
specific emissions intensities and our equity share. Net 
equity is calculated using working interest ownership for 
non-operated international and Alaska assets. For Lower 48 
non‑operated assets, net equity emissions are estimated 
based on the combined working interest of the wells in 
which ConocoPhillips has interest and the BOE production 
of those wells compared to the total BOE production of the 
operating company.
Reporting to authorities and regulators is the responsibility 
of BUs, and we report our operated emissions in the 
following regions, countries and provinces in accordance 
with regulations:
• Alberta, Canada: Emissions Management and Climate 
Resilience Act: Specified Gas Reporting Regulation, 
Alberta Regulation 251/2004.
• Australia: The National Greenhouse and Energy Reporting 
Act 2007 (NGER Act) and the National Greenhouse and 
Energy Reporting (Measurement) Determination 2008.
• British Columbia, Canada: Greenhouse Gas Industrial 
Reporting and Control Act: Greenhouse Gas Emission 
Reporting Regulation, British Columbia Reg. 249/2015.
• European Union: EU Emissions Trading System, 
Monitoring and Reporting Regulation Council Directive 
2003/87/EC, as amended by Council Directive 
2009/29/EC.
• Indonesia: Minister of Environment Regulation No. 12 
of 2012 regarding Guideline for the Emission Load 
Calculation for Oil and Gas Industry Activities.
• Norway: Greenhouse Gas Emission Trading Act of 17 
December 2004.
• United Kingdom: UK Emissions Trading Scheme 
established through the Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
Trading Scheme of 2020.
• United States: 40 CFR 98 Subparts C, MM, PP, UU, 
W, and Y. Stationary Combustion Sources; Suppliers 
of CO2; Suppliers of Petroleum Products, Injection 
of CO2; Petroleum and Natural Gas Systems; 
Petroleum Refineries
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
80
Climate

Internal Audits and Assessments
In addition to the third‑party assurance process, our Internal 
Audit group performs independent internal assurance 
of our non‑financial sustainability reporting following 
the International Standards for the Professional Practice 
of Internal Auditing. The first review, completed in 2019, 
evaluated governance practices, control processes, 
risk management and metrics reporting practices. To 
continuously improve disclosure processes and controls, 
in 2022, Internal Audit reviewed sustainability monitoring 
and reporting practices, standards, and processes under 
the direction of our Board of Directors Audit and Finance 
Committee. Internal Audit also provided limited assurance 
over the 2022 environmental and social disclosures before 
issuance of this year’s Sustainability Report.
Historically, we have sought third‑party limited assurance 
of GHG emissions data annually and assurance of other 
environmental performance measures every three years. 
Beginning with the 2021 Sustainability Report, however, 
we expanded the scope of external assurance beyond 
GHG emissions data to include limited assurance of all 
governance, climate and human capital disclosures, as well 
as water and biodiversity metrics. The limited assurance 
assessment covered qualitative and quantitative measures. 
After a successful pre‑assurance readiness review 
conducted in 2022 for 2021 data, we further expanded the 
scope of our reporting assurance to include third‑party 
limited assurance of all sustainability disclosures and 
evaluate internal assurance governance processes and 
controls for climate‑related risk disclosures. We plan to 
continue this scope annually going forward.
We continue to advance our internal processes and 
controls, and evaluate methods to continuously improve 
the quality, consistency and transparency of our GHG 
data in order to meet external expectations and evolving 
regulatory requirements. 
Elevating Assurance of GHG Emissions
Over time we plan to elevate assurance of our Scope 1 
and 2 emissions for all operated assets from limited 
assurance to reasonable assurance.14 To prepare for this, 
we are conducting readiness pre‑assessments within 
individual business units. Based on these assessments, 
an implementation plan will be developed to define the 
actions, timeline and resources required to move to a 
global level of reasonable assurance, with consideration for 
proposed regulatory disclosure requirements and timelines. 
We want to execute our plan at a pace that is manageable 
for the business and positions us well for potential future 
compliance obligations. 
Climate-Related Risk Disclosures Governance
With increasing expectations for assurance of 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) data, potential 
for future integrated reporting, and in response to proposed 
climate‑related regulatory requirements, we further 
reviewed our internal process and controls for climate‑
related risk disclosures relative to those already in place 
for financial disclosures. This exercise included conducting 
a pre‑assessment of data, processes, systems and controls 
used to report Scope 1 and 2 emissions and comparing those 
against proposed regulatory requirements. It also included 
conducting a gap assessment between proposed SEC 
rules and our current climate‑related disclosures in public 
filings and reports such as our Proxy Statement, 10‑K and 
Sustainability Report. We continue to collaborate cross‑
functionally within ConocoPhillips to evaluate how to best 
manage the broadening governance of ESG disclosures and 
leverage skill sets gained through designing and maintaining 
financial assurance processes. 
See our most recent ERM CVS Assurance Statement and 
read more about our internal quality assurance and third‑
party verification.
Since 2003, we have participated in the annual CDP 
survey. The survey collects a wide range of information 
concerning companies’ efforts to manage climate‑related 
issues effectively and drive emissions reductions. It includes 
an emphasis on governance, strategy, actions and 
reporting to try to provide a complete view of comparable 
performance. It also provides a view of sector performance. 
Our most recent CDP submission can be found in the 
2022 CDP document.
14 Based on definitions from the ISO 14064-3:2018 Standard, reasonable assurance requires a third-party provider to consider and obtain an understanding of internal processes and controls 
governing non-financial ESG disclosures, and to conduct extensive testing procedures, including the recalculation and verification of data. The quality and quantity of audit evidence 
required by the third-party provider for limited assurance, however, is less than what would be expected for reasonable assurance. Testing procedures are less extensive with more limited 
recalculation and verification of data.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
81
Climate

External Collaboration  
and Engagement
External engagement is important to understanding the 
issues and challenges relating to climate and the evolution 
of policy development. Current actions include:
• Taking part in global legislation and regulation 
development.
• Engaging with stakeholders, including investors, on 
climate‑related risks.
• Working within industry groups to advance sector‑wide 
net‑zero solutions.
Supporting Industry Dialogue
We actively work with different organizations and 
associations around the world to enhance our understanding 
of the issues and trends facing our industry and company. 
The benefits we receive from trade and industry 
associations range from best practice sharing to technical 
standard setting and issue advocacy. We do not always 
agree with all positions taken by the organizations that 
we work with. For example, we may not always be fully 
aligned with the positions they take on climate change or 
regulatory reform. In these cases, we make our views known 
and seek to influence their policy positions. We have strong 
governance around our association activities and annually 
report on trade association memberships with dues more 
than $50,000.
We are members or sponsors of external groups that 
support our efforts to manage climate‑related risks. 
Ipieca established its Climate Change Working Group 
in 1988. Since then, the group has monitored climate 
science and policy discussions, engaging with international 
governmental bodies and other stakeholders. It is not an 
advocacy body and does not engage in lobbying on climate 
or other issues. 
Ipieca participates in the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change (IPCC) and the United Nations Framework Convention 
on Climate Change (UNFCCC) and provides Ipieca members 
with reliable and timely information about these and other 
international processes dealing with climate change.
We are sponsors of the MIT — Joint Program on the Science 
and Policy of Global Change which supports efforts to:
• Improve knowledge of interactions among human and 
natural Earth systems, with a focus on climate and energy, 
and of the forces that drive global change.
• Prepare quantitative analyses of global change risk and 
its social and environmental consequences.
• Provide independent assessments of potential 
responses to global risks, through emissions mitigation 
and anticipatory adaptation, contributing to improved 
understanding of these issues among other analysis 
groups, policymaking communities and the public.
• Augment the pool of people needed for work in this area 
by the education of graduate and undergraduate students 
in relevant disciplines of economic and Earth science 
analysis and methods of policy assessment.
In 2021, Ipieca clarified its purpose 
on providing best practice 
guidance on GHG emissions 
monitoring, reporting and 
management to improve industry 
performance. ConocoPhillips is 
aligned with Ipieca in its efforts 
to bring together members of 
industry to knowledge share on 
GHG reduction efforts.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
82
Climate

An interdisciplinary team of natural scientists, social 
scientists and policy analysts supports this mission, with 
their efforts coordinated through the maintenance and 
application of a set of analytical frameworks that integrate 
the various components of global system change and 
potential policy response. 
IHS Markit, now part of S&P Global, hosts forums where 
member companies can discuss global climate change and 
clean energy research and its implications for policy. They 
provide a wide range of research products to ensure that 
members are up to date with current developments around 
the world.
Additionally, we have worked with the following groups:
• International Oil and Gas Producers Association (IOGP).
• Socially responsible investors (SRIs).
• Nongovernmental organizations (NGOs).
Our engagement with investors has focused on climate‑
related risks in many one‑on‑one meetings and periodic 
conferences, such as with the Interfaith Center on Corporate 
Responsibility. We have also engaged on climate‑related 
issues and sustainability risks with institutions such as JP 
Morgan, Citi, Moody’s, Fitch and S&P.
Cross-Sector Collaboration
External engagement and collaboration remain an area of 
focus for us because the energy transition will require joint 
efforts to achieve meaningful emissions reductions and 
evolve policy solutions. In 2022, we participated in or had 
membership in the following:
• World Bank Zero Routine Flaring by 2030: Initiative 
that aims to achieve consistency among efforts by 
governments, the oil and gas sector and development 
institutions to address routine flaring.
• The Environmental Partnership: Coalition of about 100 oil 
and natural gas companies working to improve methane 
emissions management.
• E&P Net-Zero Principles Roundtable: Facilitated by 
Ceres, a small group of financial sector stakeholders, E&P 
oil and gas companies and NGOs, seeking to define what 
it means to be a Paris‑aligned E&P company.
• Net-Zero Business Alliance: Initiative from the Bipartisan 
Policy Center to bring together business leaders and 
frame an affirmative and pragmatic approach in the 
climate solutions debate and subsequently engage 
with governments (as a group and directly) to advance 
an aggressive climate strategy that is grounded in 
engineering, commercial and economic realities. 
• Net-Zero Company Benchmark: Engaging with Climate 
Action 100+ twice each year to gather feedback to 
strengthen our approach to managing climate‑related risk.
• Natural Gas Initiative: Program led by Stanford 
University researchers with participation from industry, 
government, inter‑governmental organizations and 
foundations. Initiative aims to Increase public access to 
information about the accuracy of methane detection and 
quantification technologies.
• Pathways Alliance: Program that includes Canada’s Oil 
Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA) as well as the Oil 
Sands Pathways to Net‑Zero Initiative, which is an alliance 
of Canada’s top oil sands operators working toward 
achieving net‑zero operational GHG emissions by 2050. 
ConocoPhillips was one of COSIA’s founding members.
• International Emissions Trading Association (IETA): 
Nonprofit business organization created in 1999 to 
establish a functional international framework for trading 
GHG emissions reductions.
• Climate Leadership Council (CLC): International policy 
institute to promote a carbon dividends framework in 
the U.S.
• Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition (CPLC): Global 
voluntary partnership to share and expand the evidence 
base for effective carbon pricing policies. 
• National Petroleum Council: Advisory Committee 
to the U.S. Secretary of Energy. As an NPC member, 
ConocoPhillips is leading a study on Natural Gas GHG 
Emissions Across the Value Chain, a multi‑stakeholder 
effort aimed at delivering recommendations on ways to 
reduce the GHG footprint of natural gas. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
83
Climate

In addition to these groups, in July 2022 ConocoPhillips 
joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0 
Initiative, a voluntary, public‑private partnership between 
the United Nations Environment Programme, the European 
Commission, the Environmental Defense Fund and 100 oil 
and gas companies. OGMP 2.0 has emerged as a globally 
recognized initiative for methane emissions measurement 
and reporting and is aimed at minimizing methane emissions 
from global oil and gas operations. We are committed to 
improving the transparency of our methane emissions 
reporting and delivering on our methane reduction 
objectives and targets by collaborating with industry peers 
to accelerate best practices in our operations. 
In line with the Initiative’s guidance, we plan to incorporate 
source‑level and site‑level measurements when estimating 
methane emissions from our operations. 
To complement our work with OGMP 2.0, we are also 
participating in the Veritas Differentiated Gas Measurement 
and Verification Initiative, a U.S.‑based methane 
measurement initiative run by the Gas Technology Institute 
(GTI). The Veritas program is an effort among academics, 
environmental groups, certification organizations and oil 
and gas operators to develop new tools to assess and verify 
measurement‑informed methane emissions. The Veritas 
program developed a series of protocols to calculate 
emissions reductions, including protocols for methane 
intensity, measurements to inform emissions inventories, 
reconciliation of emission factor inventories with actual 
measurements, supply chain summation to aggregate 
multiple industry segments, and audit and assurance for 
third‑party verification of an emissions inventory. 
We signed on to OGMP 2.0 and Veritas simultaneously as the 
two frameworks have the potential to operate in tandem. Our 
joint participation is an effort to influence the pace of action 
on methane emissions across the whole industry, not just 
at ConocoPhillips.
Ceres, a nonprofit sustainability  
advocacy organization, facilitated 
collaboration among a small group 
of financial sector stakeholders, E&P  
companies and NGOs. They worked to 
define what it means to be a Paris-aligned 
E&P company. Recognizing the segment 
has limited opportunities to diversify its 
business model, the collaboration focused 
on solutions for reaching net-zero emissions 
that also meet transition demand. 
The resulting product, Key Elements for 
a Net-Zero Transition for Operations at 
Oil and Gas Exploration & Production 
Companies, is a basis for engagement and 
direction as net-zero pathways are traveled.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
84
Climate

Public Policy 
Engagement
Our advocacy and lobbying are aligned with our focus 
on reducing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions and supporting 
sensible policies that reduce Scope 3 emissions. 
ConocoPhillips believes a well‑designed pricing regime 
on carbon emissions is the most effective tool to reduce 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across the global economy, 
and we continue to advocate for policies aligned with our 
carbon pricing principles as well as effective and efficient 
regulatory actions. We support the aims of the Paris 
Agreement, which include limiting the rise of global average 
temperatures well below 2 degrees Celsius, as reflected 
in our Paris‑aligned ambition to be a net‑zero operational 
emissions company by 2050.
Proactive Engagement
Climate‑related policy action can support an orderly 
transition to a low‑carbon economy, facilitate the 
development of innovative technology and reduce the 
overall risks associated with climate. Since we published 
our first global climate change position in 2003, we have 
remained consistent in our view that market‑based solutions 
at national and global levels, rather than a patchwork of less 
efficient regulatory approaches, will be most effective in 
reducing GHG emissions.
Among our efforts, ConocoPhillips is a founding member 
of the Climate Leadership Council (CLC), an international 
policy institute founded in collaboration with business and 
environmental interests to promote a carbon dividends 
framework in the U.S. as the most cost‑effective, equitable 
and politically viable climate solution. Participation in the 
CLC provides an opportunity for ongoing dialogue about 
carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with 
our principles. We are also a member of Americans for 
Carbon Dividends (AFCD), the education and advocacy 
branch of the CLC, which focuses on progressing the 
bipartisan Baker‑Shultz Carbon Dividends Plan. Our company 
leadership consistently engages with members of Congress 
and the administration to express support for that plan. 
In 2021, ConocoPhillips was accepted as a Private Sector 
Partner within the Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition 
(CPLC), a global voluntary partnership run by the World 
Bank to share and expand the evidence base for effective 
carbon pricing policies. Participation in the CPLC further 
demonstrates our commitment to carbon pricing and is 
complementary to our engagement with the CLC.
In addition to our work with the CLC and CPLC, we also 
recognize the policy trend in the U.S. toward a regulatory 
approach to emissions reductions, and we advocate for 
effective and efficient regulations and legislation to advance 
economic incentives and reduce GHG emissions. To that end, 
we are leading discussions around additional policy options, 
aligned with our principles, that address end‑use emissions:
• Supporting development of alternative carbon pricing 
mechanisms including some sector‑specific programs, 
which if developed for multiple sectors and combined 
with a World Trade Organization‑compliant Border 
Carbon Adjustment (BCA) mechanism could function like 
a carbon price.
• Lobbying to support balanced and cost‑effective 
regulations aimed at directly reducing methane emissions 
from new and existing oil and gas sources.
• Supporting the advancement of alternative transportation 
and power generation as a member of the Fuel Cell and 
Hydrogen Energy Association (FCHEA).
• Supporting the robust development of a voluntary offsets 
market through our membership in the International 
Emissions Trading Association (IETA) and advocating 
via IETA and other trades in support of the further 
development of a voluntary carbon market.
• Leading the U.S. National Petroleum Council study on 
Natural Gas GHG Emissions Across the Value Chain, 
including making policy recommendations at the 
national level. 
• Evaluating implementation rules of the Inflation Reduction 
Act of 2022 to enhance investment economics of several 
low carbon technology projects.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
85
Climate

We have also demonstrated strong engagement with major 
trade associations to advance climate policy positions that 
include support for a market‑based approach to reduce GHG 
emissions. To this end, we have shown successful leadership 
that has yielded positive results and progress within the 
American Petroleum Institute (API), the Business Roundtable 
(BRT), the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and others. Our 
advocacy further addresses methane and flaring regulation, 
clean fuel or power standards, and sector‑specific 
regulations based on carbon‑intensity benchmarks. Publicly 
communicating our governance processes and the depth of 
our advocacy efforts is a crucial component of our outreach 
in addressing stakeholder concerns.
We also work with our trade associations to drive alignment 
with our climate change position.
Within API’s Climate Committee, for example, we work 
with peers to address climate change issues affecting 
the U.S. oil and natural gas industry. The group oversees 
the development of API’s Climate Position, Climate Policy 
Principles and industry initiatives. The group developed 
the Climate Action Framework, a combination of policies, 
innovation and industry initiatives to reduce emissions from 
energy production, transportation and use by society. We 
are active in many API committees that can also involve or 
address climate‑related issues, and we work to contribute 
our perspective in alignment with our positions and actions.
The American Exploration and Production Council  (AXPC) 
Climate Change Group addresses climate change issues 
affecting the U.S. exploration and production sector of 
the oil and natural gas industry. The group has helped 
to develop AXPC’s climate policy and principles, its ESG 
Metrics Framework and Template, and its position on 
methane regulations.
Most trade organizations in which we participate have 
climate change positions that align with ours. Where they 
do not, we continue to offer our viewpoint and attempt to 
work with them to better align their position with ours. For 
example, we have worked to influence API, BRT, the U.S. 
Chamber of Commerce and other organizations to support 
the direct federal regulation of methane. In addition to 
actively participating in trade organization position updates, 
we have also voted against or abstained from supporting 
The National Petroleum Council, a federal advisory 
committee to the U.S. Secretary of Energy, is 
conducting a study on natural gas GHG emissions 
to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness 
of different approaches, individually and in 
combination, which could reduce and/or offset 
GHG emissions across the natural gas value chain 
up to the end-user. Ryan Lance is the private sector 
chair of the Study Committee, and ConocoPhillips 
is managing the study process, which is expected 
to be completed in early 2024. The study may 
identify reduction opportunities from technology 
investments, market mechanisms, and policy and 
regulatory measures. The study will also 
evaluate ways to reduce natural gas GHG 
emissions, including methane, CO2 from 
operations, and emissions attributed to 
flared natural gas, while valuing meaningful 
engagement with people and civic groups. 
Under most energy scenarios there is 
a demand for natural gas as a primary 
energy source, and the purpose of this 
study is to provide recommendations for 
simultaneously addressing affordability, 
energy security, and decarbonization to 
reduce the natural gas GHG footprint. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
86
Climate

specific actions requested by a trade organization if 
their positions were not aligned with ours. We have also 
decided not to renew some memberships because of 
misalignment on a number of policy topics, one of which is 
climate change.
Read more about our alignment with our associations 
regarding climate change.
Read more about public policy governance and major trade 
association memberships.
Effective Policy
Climate change is a global issue which requires global 
solutions. Economy‑wide governmental GHG management 
frameworks should be linked to binding international 
agreements comprising the major GHG contributors. 
Effective public policies should:
Integrate energy and climate policy: Climate change 
policy and energy policy should be coordinated to ensure a 
diverse and secure supply of affordable energy and avoid 
overlapping or duplicating existing energy and climate 
change programs. This must create a level competitive 
playing field among energy sources and between countries 
and encourage efficient use of energy.
Promote innovation: Climate change policy should promote 
government and private sector investment in energy 
research and development and match the pace at which 
new technology can be developed and deployed.
Demonstrate real GHG reductions: It should result in the 
stabilization of global GHG atmospheric concentrations and 
foster resiliency to the impacts of a changing climate.
Provide economic certainty: It should provide long‑term 
certainty for investment decisions and avoid undue harm to 
the economy.
Read more about our climate change public policy 
principles.
Methane Policy
In the absence of a carbon price in the U.S., the economy ‑
wide direct regulation of methane would be effective. We 
support well‑formulated federal regulation of methane 
emissions from oil and gas exploration and production if 
that regulation:
• Encourages early adopters and voluntary efforts.
• Incorporates cost‑effective innovations in technology.
• Supports appropriate state‑level regulations.
Climate Change Public Policy
We believe that effective climate change policy must be 
aligned with the following principles:
• Recognize that climate change is a global issue which 
requires global solutions. Economy‑wide governmental 
GHG management frameworks should be linked to 
binding international agreements comprising the major 
GHG contributors.
• Result in the stabilization of global GHG atmospheric 
concentrations.
• Coordinate with energy policy to ensure a diverse and 
secure supply of affordable energy.
• Utilize market‑based mechanisms rather than technology 
mandates.
• Create a level, competitive playing field among energy 
sources and between countries.
• Avoid overlapping or duplicating existing energy and 
climate change programs.
• Provide long‑term certainty for investment decisions.
• Promote government and private sector investment in 
energy research and development.
• Match the pace at which new technology can be 
developed and deployed.
• Encourage efficient use of energy.
• Foster resiliency to the impacts of a changing climate.
• Avoid undue harm to the economy.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
87
Climate

Carbon Pricing
Demand‑side emissions reduction efforts are required 
for climate goals to be achieved because supply‑side 
constraints alone would be ineffective in reducing global 
emissions. ConocoPhillips believes a well‑designed pricing 
regime on carbon emissions is the most effective tool to 
reduce GHG emissions across the global economy and, in 
particular, to address Scope 3 end-use emissions. A revenue-
neutral carbon tax that is transparent, predictable and 
cost‑effective to administer would be an effective policy 
option. It should result in some relief via the elimination of 
other laws and regulations aimed at reducing or controlling 
carbon and other GHG emissions. It is also the best way to 
regulate methane. Carbon pricing policy should support the 
implementation of currently economic emissions reduction 
projects and provide support for innovation to encourage the 
development of currently uneconomic projects. A price on 
carbon would also provide a stable and predictable market 
signal that would impact investment flows and end‑user 
choices in a manner that minimizes adverse local economic 
and social impacts of an energy transition.
We advocate for carbon pricing directly through 
engagement with government legislators and regulators 
in all jurisdictions in which we operate, and indirectly via 
collaboration with trade associations that are aligned 
with our strategy. Read more about our position on 
carbon pricing.
We are a Founding Member of the Climate Leadership 
Council (CLC), an international policy institute founded in 
collaboration with business and environmental interests 
to promote a carbon dividends framework as the most 
cost‑effective, equitable and politically‑viable climate 
solution in the U.S. Participation in the CLC provides another 
opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and 
framing the issues in alignment with our principles. We also 
belong to and fund Americans for Carbon Dividends (AFCD), 
the education and advocacy branch of the CLC. We support 
and are advocating for a carbon price contingent upon 
four pillars: a gradually increasing carbon price, carbon 
dividends for all Americans, border carbon adjustments and 
regulatory simplification.
In 2022, we also worked closely with members of the 
Business Roundtable (BRT) and the American Petroleum 
Institute (API) to engage with the Voluntary Carbon Markets 
Initiative (VCMI), a platform for encouraging net‑zero aligned 
participation in a voluntary carbon market. Through BRT and 
API, we worked with the architects of the VCMI to develop an 
inclusive framework and create space for future dialogues 
as carbon markets develop.
We have been actively engaged in climate‑related 
discussions with policy makers and stakeholders since our 
first global climate change position was published in 2003. 
Since then, we have developed Climate Change Action 
Plans, set an emissions intensity target, integrated carbon‑
restricted scenarios into our strategic planning process and 
published carbon tax principles. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
88
Climate

Global Principles for Country-Specific 
Carbon Tax Legislation
A well‑designed carbon tax or other legislative proposal 
to fix and impose a price on carbon dioxide or other GHGs 
should meet the following principles: 
• Economy-wide: A carbon tax designed to fix and impose 
a price should apply as broadly across the economy as 
administratively practicable.
• Non-discriminatory: GHG emissions alone should form 
the basis of taxation. A carbon tax should not “pick 
winners and losers” among industries or emissions 
sources or discriminate in providing subsidies to energy 
sources.
• Uniform: A carbon tax should apply to all GHG emissions 
at the same rate on a “units of carbon dioxide equivalent” 
basis using the IPCC standard 100‑year global warming 
potential.
• Transparent: To most efficiently incentivize changes 
to consumer behavior, a carbon tax should be imposed 
at the point in the value chain which is as close as 
administratively practicable to the point and timing of the 
emission. If a point is chosen further upstream, a system 
of credits or other mechanisms should be designed to 
eliminate (or prevent) taxation of emissions applicable 
to taxable products sequestered downstream of the 
point of taxation and to those used as feedstocks for the 
manufacture of products in which GHGs are stored. 
• Avoid double taxation: A federal carbon tax should 
preempt state, provincial and local carbon taxes and 
renewable production tax credits.     
• Provide regulatory relief: A federal carbon tax should 
replace all environmental laws and regulations that are 
intended to reduce or control carbon and other GHG 
emissions. 
• Predictable: The application of a carbon tax and the 
tax rate may be adjustable when necessary, but such 
adjustments should be infrequent and should be limited to 
those designed to achieve the broader environmental goal 
of the tax legislation.
• Cost-effective administration: Existing channels of 
tax collection and emissions reporting systems should 
be used if feasible. Where actual emissions cannot be 
measured, best efforts based upon sound science should 
be used as an estimate.
• Globally competitive: A country‑specific carbon tax 
rate should be set in accordance with existing taxation 
channels and emissions reporting systems and be 
adjusted to ensure global competitiveness. Depending 
on the point of taxation chosen, carbon tax legislation 
should include a border adjustment mechanism or other 
attributes designed to mitigate competitive disadvantages 
to host country industry when competing in global 
markets.
• Revenue recycling: A carbon tax should be revenue‑
neutral and used in such a way as to minimize economic 
impact.
• Compliance flexibility: A federal carbon tax should 
include multiple options for compliance, including offset 
credits from a broad range of jurisdictions, cash payments 
or flexible compliance frequency.  
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
89
Climate

History of Engagement
Our approach to public policy engagement on climate 
change has evolved. However, we remain consistent in our 
view that market‑based solutions at national and global 
levels, rather than a patchwork of less effective regulatory 
approaches, are most likely to be effective in reducing 
GHG emissions.  
Shortly after the merger of Conoco and Phillips Petroleum in 
2003, we published our first global climate change position. 
Since then, we have consistently used our Sustainability 
Report to detail our commitments, priorities and actions. 
We have also participated in the Carbon Disclosure Project 
(now CDP) questionnaire in 2003.
Engagement Timeline
In 2004, we described actions that we would be taking to 
address climate change, including: 
• Assessing data.
• Developing objectives to reduce GHG emissions.
• Improving operational efficiency.
• Developing climate change considerations for  
project planning and approval processes.
• Engaging in discussions on climate change through 
the International Petroleum Industry Environmental 
Conservation Association (now Ipieca).
• Joining the International Emissions Trading  
Association (IETA).
In 2005, we began trading in the European Union Emission 
Trading System and later established a team within our 
London‑based Commercial team to originate carbon offsets 
through the UNFCCC’s Clean Development Mechanism and 
Joint Implementation program.
Through our membership in the U.S. Climate Action 
Partnership (USCAP) beginning in 2007 , we actively 
participated in efforts to design an effective legislative 
approach.
In 2008, we adopted and published our first Climate Change 
Action Plan to systematically address climate change risk. 
In June 2009, the American Clean Energy and Security Act 
of 2009 (HR2454) (Waxman‑Markey) bill passed the House 
of Representatives. Although the USCAP Blueprint for 
Legislative Action was considered influential in the design of 
the legislation, we had serious concerns about some of the 
detailed elements in the bill. Following passage of the House 
bill, our focus turned to addressing issues of concern in the 
Senate version of the legislation. In order to intensify our 
company’s focus and resources on addressing the key issues, 
including the important role that natural gas can play in 
reducing U.S. GHG emissions, we announced in February 2010 
that the company would not be renewing our membership 
in USCAP.
Through more direct engagement, we were successful in 
helping to develop draft legislation that incorporated a more 
equitable approach to energy sectors while maintaining 
environmental effectiveness. We issued a statement 
regarding the draft legislation introduced in the Senate in 
May 2010.
Since 2010, we’ve continued to work toward approaches that 
are practical and effective, including active participation in 
dialogue with trade associations like the American Petroleum 
Institute (API), industry partners and the government to 
advocate for smart policy solutions. Detailed discussion of 
our major engagements on regulatory and legislative issues 
is provided later in this section.
In 2021, we made the decision to rejoin IETA to further our 
advocacy for market solutions to the climate challenge. 
IETA is a nonprofit business organization created in 1999 to 
establish a functional international framework for trading in 
GHG emissions reductions. IETA members seek to develop 
an emissions trading regime that results in real and verifiable 
GHG emissions reductions, while balancing economic 
efficiency with environmental integrity and social equity. 
IETA is a global carbon policy organization, and they support 
carbon offset trading systems. Their membership includes 
leading international companies from across the carbon 
trading cycle. IETA have a seat on the Task Force for Scaling 
Voluntary Carbon Markets (TSVCM).
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
90
Climate

Examples of Regulatory 
Engagement 
Collaborating with a broad range of stakeholders on 
effective climate change policy and GHG emissions solutions 
is key to solving the climate change challenge.
In 2014, we publicly supported the Gas Capture Plan in North 
Dakota, now required, which took a pro‑active approach 
to flare gas reduction. We entered into agreements with 
pipeline companies to ensure the availability of gathering 
infrastructure necessary to reduce emissions.
In 2016, we supported the U.S. Bureau of Land Management 
(BLM) Onshore Order 1, electronic filings, as the proposed 
changes reduced work and errors and sped up response 
time for both industry and the government.
Directly and through our trades we have worked to advance 
the development and deployment of carbon capture and 
storage to achieve a cleaner energy profile and improve U.S. 
economic security. In 2018, Congress passed the Furthering 
Carbon Capture, Utilization, Technology, Underground 
Storage, and Reduced Emissions Act to enhance the 45Q 
tax credit to further incentivize carbon capture and storage 
technology deployment in the United States. The primary 
issue with the 45Q tax credit is the interpretation of what 
constitutes secure geological storage (SGS). In particular, 
we support the adoption of a commercially reasonable ISO 
standard to demonstrate secure geological storage in the 
context of captured carbon dioxide that gets sequestered 
underground for enhanced oil recovery projects. The 
standard should establish criteria for transparency and 
assurance that carbon dioxide removal is achieved. We also 
support self‑verification of compliance with the ISO standard 
given that our tax officer would attest to satisfying the 
requirements of 45Q under penalties of perjury.
In 2022‑2023, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 
and Bureau of Land Management (BLM) have each proposed 
regulations targeted at reducing methane emissions from 
the oil and gas sector. We have engaged the regulators 
throughout the rulemaking process for each proposal 
and provided substantial technical comments to aid in the 
development of workable regulations through our trade 
associations. Our advocacy efforts highlight and build upon 
the progress industry has made to reduce emissions and 
continuously improve environmental performance. 
Recent Legislative Engagement 
In 2019, we worked within the broad coalition of Climate 
Leadership Council (CLC) members to better define details 
of the overarching implementation plan. That included work 
on topics such as carbon price escalation rates, points of 
taxation, regulatory backstop provisions, high energy‑cost 
region challenges and a border carbon adjustment. While 
the policy work continues with CLC members, the results 
of that engagement are reflected in the more detailed CLC 
plan released in early 2020. We also engaged with members 
of Congress directly and through Americans for Carbon 
Dividends. This included reviewing several proposed climate 
bills and continuing to offer technical feedback on those 
bills to elected representatives and their staff. The company 
remains engaged with representatives from both sides of the 
political spectrum.
In 2022, ConocoPhillips joined the Oil Sands Pathways 
to Net‑Zero Alliance, which includes Canadian Natural 
Resources, Cenovus Energy, Imperial, MEG Energy and 
Suncor Energy. Together this group represents the 
companies operating approximately 95% of Canada’s oil 
sands production. The goal of the alliance is to achieve 
net‑zero GHG emissions from oil sands operations by 
2050 to help Canada meet its climate goals, including 
the country’s Paris Agreement commitments and 2050 
net‑zero aspirations, with the help of CCS. ConocoPhillips 
is partnering with the founding members of the Pathways 
Alliance and governments to accelerate efforts to bring 
about meaningful change.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
91
Climate

Association  
Engagement
Many trade organizations we participate in have climate 
change positions aligned to ours. Where they do not, we have 
continued to offer our viewpoint and attempt to work with 
them to better align their position with ours. For example, 
we’ve worked to influence the American Petroleum Institute 
(API), the Business Roundtable (BRT) and other organizations 
to support the direct federal regulation of methane. In 
addition to actively participating in trade organization 
position updates, we have also voted against or abstained 
from supporting specific actions requested by a trade 
organization if their positions were not aligned with ours. We 
have also decided not to renew some memberships because 
of misalignment on a number of policy topics, one of which is 
climate change. For more information about our governance 
and major trade associations please see Political Support 
Policies and Procedures.
With our history of constructive engagement related to 
the issue of end‑use emissions, we continue to devote 
significant time and effort engaging and advocating for 
a well‑designed federal price on carbon, including within 
our trade associations. We believe a price on carbon is 
the most effective, equitable method to reduce GHG 
emissions, including methane, across the economy. To 
advance this position, ConocoPhillips joined the Climate 
Leadership Council (CLC) in 2019 as a Founding Member 
along with the CLC’s advocacy organization, Americans for 
Carbon Dividends (AFCD), which is focused on progressing 
the Baker‑Shultz Carbon Dividends plan; since then, our 
Executive Leadership Team and Government Affairs staff 
have participated in well over 100 bipartisan meetings 
with members of Congress and the Administration. Our 
consistent, strong engagement with our major trade 
associations, including the API, BRT and the U.S. Chamber 
of Commerce, has influenced their climate policy positions 
to include support for a market‑based approach to GHG 
emissions. In 2021, ConocoPhillips was accepted as a 
Private Sector Partner within the Carbon Pricing Leadership 
Coalition (CPLC), a global voluntary partnership run by the 
World Bank to share and expand the evidence base for 
effective carbon pricing policies. Participation in the CPLC 
further demonstrates our commitment to carbon pricing 
and is complementary to our engagement with the Climate 
Leadership Council.
As part of our routine review of trade association 
membership, the company evaluates how trade 
organization policy positions align with those expressed by 
ConocoPhillips, including: 
Paris Agreement: ConocoPhillips’ greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions reduction targets and actions are consistent 
with the Paris Agreement’s aim to limit the rise of global 
temperature to well below 2 degrees Celsius. In measuring 
alignment, we considered policies which support the goals of 
the Paris Agreement as aligned with our own.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
92
Climate

ASSOCIATION PARIS AGREEMENT CARBON PRICING ADDRESSING 
METHANE EMISSIONS
American Petroleum Institute (API) Aligned Aligned Aligned
U.S. Chamber of Commerce (Chamber) Some misalignments Aligned Aligned
Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP) Aligned Aligned Aligned
Natural Gas Supply Association (NGSA) Some misalignments Aligned Some misalignments
International Oil & Gas Producers Association (IOGP) Aligned Aligned Aligned
Business Roundtable (BRT) Aligned Aligned Some misalignments
National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) Aligned No position Some misalignments
American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) Some misalignments No position Aligned
ASSOCIATION ENGAGEMENT TABLE
Carbon Pricing: A well‑designed pricing regime on carbon 
emissions is the most effective tool to reduce greenhouse 
gas emissions across the global economy. Carbon pricing 
policy should support the implementation of currently 
economic emissions reduction projects and provide support 
for innovation to encourage the development of currently 
uneconomic projects. A revenue‑neutral carbon tax that is 
transparent, predictable and cost‑effective to administer 
would be an effective policy option. It should result in some 
relief via the elimination of other laws and regulations 
aimed at reducing or controlling carbon and other GHG 
emissions. In measuring alignment, we considered policies 
which support a market‑based mechanism to reduce GHG 
emissions across the economy as aligned with our own.
Addressing Methane Emissions: The most effective tool for 
emissions reductions across the economy would be a well‑
designed federal pricing regime on carbon emissions. In the 
absence of a carbon pricing policy, we support enactment 
of cost‑effective federal methane regulations on new and 
existing sources that would preserve a state’s ability to 
adapt implementation to local conditions. In measuring 
alignment, we considered policies which support direct 
regulation of methane as aligned with our own.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
93
Climate

Managing Nature-Related  
Risks and Impacts
In a 2019 global biodiversity assessment report, the Intergovernmental Science‑Policy 
Platform on Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services (IPBES) reported that across much of 
the globe, nature has been significantly altered by human activity. The report defined 
five categories of impact drivers that contribute to biodiversity loss, including land- and 
sea‑use change, resource use, pollution, invasive species and climate change.
Following the IPBES report, the Global Biodiversity 
Framework was adopted at the 2022 United Nations 
Biodiversity Conference of the Parties to the U.N. Convention 
on Biological Diversity (COP15). The seminal framework 
establishes key global country‑level goals and targets 
related to nature. Additionally, we recognize that the 
Taskforce on Nature‑related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) is 
developing a disclosure framework for nature‑related risks 
that reflects the expectations.
We assess and disclose nature‑related risks, impacts, 
dependencies and opportunities within a framework of 
governance, strategy, risk management and disclosure.
Grassland restoration in the Permian Basin. Read more  
about our conservation initiatives at Quail Ranch.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
94
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
94
Nature

Governance 
Our governance framework for sustainable development 
(SD) risks, including those related to nature, extends from 
the Board of Directors Public Policy and Sustainability 
Committee, through the Executive Leadership Team 
(ELT), to leaders and internal subject matter experts. This 
BIOME1 OPERATED ASSET ECOREGIONS 
Boreal Forest/Taiga • Surmont  • Mid‑Canada boreal plains forests 
Deserts and Xeric Shrublands • Eagle Ford 
• Delaware Basin 
• Midland Basin 
• Uinta Basin 
• Tamaulipan mezquital 
• Chihuahuan desert 
• Colorado plateau shrublands 
Marine Shelfs • Greater Ekofisk Area • North Sea 
• Southern Norway 
Temperate Broadleaf and Mixed Forests • Eagle Ford • East central Texas forests 
Temperate Grasslands, Savannas and 
Shrublands 
• Anadarko Basin 
• Bakken 
• Eagle Ford 
• Delaware Basin 
• Midland Basin
• Northern shortgrass prairie 
• Texas blackland prairies 
• Western shortgrass prairie
Temperate Conifer Forests • Montney • Alberta‑British Columbia foothills forests
Tropical and Subtropical Grasslands,  
Savannas and Shrublands 
• APLNG  • Brigalow tropical savanna 
Tundra • Kuparuk 
• Western North Slope 
• Arctic coastal tundra 
• Arctic foothills tundra
1  Source: RESOLVE Ecoregions and Biomes dataset.
governance structure provides board and management 
oversight of our strategic planning, SD policy and 
corporate SD risk management standards and 
processes. Read more about our SD governance.
Strategy
Risks and Impacts 
ConocoPhillips activities and operations can directly or 
indirectly contribute to nature impact drivers, including: 
• Land‑  or sea‑use change through activities and operations 
resulting in habitat disturbance, reduced habitat intactness 
and impacts on species distribution.
• Pollution associated with unplanned events including 
water, chemical, air or other emissions releases. 
• Unintentional introduction of invasive species.
• Resource use through fresh water withdrawal.
In 2022, we continued exploring different ways for assessing 
the state of nature at our operated assets using geospatial 
data layers. This included using assessment indicators which 
include geospatial datasets such as the Integrated Biodiversity 
Assessment Tool’s (IBAT) Species Threat Abatement and 
Restoration (STAR) metrics and Key Biodiversity Areas, the 
International Union for the Conservation of Nature’s (IUCN) 
Red List of Threatened Species and Red List of Ecosystems, 
the World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Biodiversity Risk Filter, the 
World Resources Institute’s (WRI) Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas, 
and the World Conservation Monitoring Center’s (WCMC) 
Ecological Integrity Index. Implementation of an assessment 
methodology based on consistent, recognized, global data 
sources will enable us to identify assets located in or near 
low integrity or high importance ecosystems and support 
prioritization of mitigation actions. 
Our operated assets are located within eight biomes and 
14 ecoregions:
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
95
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
95

As described in Assessing and Managing Risks, we evaluate 
and track our nature‑related risks through our SD Risk 
Register. Historically, nature‑related impacts and associated 
risks broadly fall into the following categories:
• Water sourcing, produced water disposal and seismicity.
• Threatened or valued species and protected areas.
• Cumulative effects.
• Policy and regulations.
• Disclosure and reporting.
The time horizons we use for nature‑related assessment 
are based on the time taken for the risk consequences to 
manifest themselves and our planning time horizons. We 
group risks into near‑term (0‑5 years), mid‑term (5‑10 years) 
or long‑term (10‑25 years). While cumulative effects tend 
to be mid‑ to long‑term risks, other risk categories can be 
short‑, mid‑  or long‑term depending on location and the 
development stage of the asset.
Nature‑related risks identified in our annual SD risk 
assessment process and characterized as significant or high 
are included in the corporate SD Risk Register. For each risk, 
we track the progress of mitigation actions, identify future/
planned mitigation actions, action owners and action or 
milestone target dates. Actions relate to specific business 
unit risks unless indicated as “global.” Nature‑related risks in 
our 2022 SD Risk Register are summarized below.
Read more about our assessment processes.
RISKS TIME HORIZON MITIGATION ACTIONS CONTINUED OR STARTED IN 2022
Physical Risks (business unit-specific)
Threatened/valued 
species
Near‑ to mid‑term • Maintaining over 360,000 acres of voluntary conservation agreements. 
• Completing development reviews for ecological sensitivity. 
• Conducting wildlife surveys including population monitoring. 
• Supporting proactive conservation through bird joint ventures.
Produced water 
disposal
Near‑ to mid‑term • Sharing of treated produced water with other operators. 
• Conducting studies to identify additional produced water disposal alternatives. 
• Initiating research to develop and pilot technologies and processes to treat produced 
water for potential beneficial reuse opportunities. 
• Increasing produced water storage capacity. 
• Ongoing engagement with local/Indigenous communities. 
Transition Risks – Policy and Legal (global)
Nature-related 
policy changes and 
regulations
Mid‑term • Initiating local priority species pressure‑state‑response assessment for global 
operated assets. 
• Engaging with organizations developing nature‑related frameworks, metrics and 
targets. 
• Completing assessment of alignment and gaps for evolving nature disclosure 
recommendations. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
96
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
96

Dependencies and Opportunities
We identify ecosystem services, or dependencies, for 
each operated asset as well as for local communities in 
the vicinity of our activities and operations. We consider 
ecosystem services for operations and communities 
including:
• Provisioning services like water supply.
• Regulating services including flood and storm mitigation.
• Cultural services such as recreation, spiritual value and 
education. 
We also identify opportunities during the risk assessment 
process which are mitigation actions designed to avoid, 
minimize or restore impacts consistent with the mitigation 
hierarchy. Opportunities are implemented to mitigate nature‑
related risks at the business unit level or as a strategic 
corporate priority. 
Business and Strategy 
Nature‑related risks have the potential to impact our 
business in several ways. Our SD risk management process 
facilitates identifying those risks and enables determining 
the potential consequence severity, likelihood and timing 
of occurrence of each. Impacts to biodiversity, habitats, 
ecosystems and dependencies or those associated with 
fresh water withdrawal, water stress, offshore produced 
water discharges and onshore produced water disposal can 
lead to business risks through:
• Restricting access to water supply, exploration or 
operational areas resulting in project delays or business 
interruption. 
• Limiting production techniques such as hydraulic 
fracturing or restricting produced water discharge/
disposal to address basin‑level cumulative effects.
• Increasing costs associated with policy changes and 
regulations.
• Actions by investors, the financial sector and regulators 
including increased reporting expectations related to 
environmental and social performance and shareholder 
resolutions.
We have tested the robustness of our nature‑related 
corporate water and biodiversity strategies using plausible 
future states. The objective of the assessment was to 
identify strengths and weaknesses of valid strategy 
alternatives. The planning considered factors including 
biodiversity loss, exposure to water stress and the evolution 
of regulations or expectations from regulators, investors and 
the financial industry.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
97
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
97

Risk and Impact 
Management
Assessment, Management and 
Integration
Our SD Risk Management Standard outlines a process for 
operated assets and projects to assess nature‑related risks 
to ensure corporate oversight, assurance and consistent 
implementation. The standard mandates developing action 
plans for risks ranked significant or high and tracking 
them in the corporate SD Risk Register. Risks that are no 
longer ranked significant or high, due to the effectiveness 
of mitigation actions, as well as risks identified as medium, 
continue to be tracked at the business unit and corporate 
level. The results of the assessment are integrated into key 
business‑planning processes for the company, from business 
development activities and exploration to developing major 
capital projects and managing our day‑to‑day operations. 
Read more about our risk process. 
The assessment process is guided by our SD risk assessment 
tool and comprises the following:
Our long‑range and strategic planning activities consider 
SD risks and mitigation. Our Long-Range Plan (LRP) 
forecasts key data for our corporate strategy covering 
our proposed portfolio development and performance, 
production, costs and cash flows. We also use the LRP to 
forecast GHG emissions and water use to understand our 
future environmental footprint. 
Sustainability risks are integrated into the corporate 
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) system. Risks from 
the corporate SD Risk Register are mapped to relevant 
enterprise risks including market, reputational, operational 
and political. Owners of these enterprise risks, who are 
Executive Leadership Team (ELT) members or senior 
managers, are briefed on the risks and our mitigation 
activities. Enterprise risks are then presented to the Audit 
and Finance Committee (AFC) of the board. The AFC receives 
annual updates on how enterprise risk is being addressed, 
mitigated and managed across the company.
ASSESSMENT STEP ASSESSMENT OUTPUT
Risk Assessment • Impacts on nature and ecosystem services considering all potentially relevant nature‑related 
physical and transition risks. 
• Potential business consequences. 
• Consequence occurrence time horizon: near‑, mid‑  or long‑term. 
Risk Ranking • Potential financial consequence severity assuming cumulative impacts over a 10‑year period. 
• Likelihood of occurrence for 10‑year period.
Mitigation Action Plan • Risk mitigations already in place. 
• Additional mitigations or opportunities planned. 
• Mitigation action owner, target completion and progress.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
98
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
98

External Collaboration  
and Engagement
We focus our external engagement on: 
• Developing industry leading practices, guidance and 
conducting benchmarking with industry organizations. 
• Collaborating with local and regional communities, peer 
companies and industry groups. 
• Supporting research and educational initiatives. 
We collaborate and engage with Ipieca, the global oil and 
gas industry association for environmental and social issues 
and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers 
(IOGP). In 2022, we collaborated with the Ipieca Environment, 
Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services and Water working 
groups on nature‑related disclosure and reporting, nature‑
positive, protected areas reporting, post‑2020 Global 
Biodiversity Framework implementation, Biodiversity Action 
Plan guidance and nature‑based solutions. In addition, we 
collaborated with IOGP on habitat retention strategies for 
decommissioned offshore jacket structures. 
We also collaborate with local, regional and international 
stakeholders and industry groups, including: 
• Alaska: North Slope Science Initiative, Bureau of Land 
Management. 
• Australia: Gas Industry Social & Environmental Research 
Alliance, Gladstone Healthy Harbour Partnership, Port 
Curtis Integrated Monitoring Program. 
• Canada: Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA), 
Northern Alberta Institute of Technology (NAIT), Canadian 
Association of Petroleum Producers (CAPP) and the 
Northeast British Columbia Montney Operators Group. 
• U.S. Lower 48: National Alliance for Water Innovation, 
New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium, Texas 
Produced Water Consortium, South Texas Energy and 
Economic Roundtable Water Sustainability Committee, 
the Energy Water Initiative, PARETO –  The Produced Water 
Optimization Initiative, Texas A&M Natural Resources 
Institute, Texas A&M University‑Kingsville Caesar Kleberg 
Wildlife Research Institute Texas Native Seeds Program, 
Texas A&M AgriLife Research, Sul Ross State University 
Borderlands Research Institute, Western Association 
of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, New Mexico LPC/DSL 
Technical Committee, Respect Big Bend Coalition.
• Corporate: Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Biodiversity 
Standard Technical Committee, Taskforce on Nature‑
related Financial Disclosure (TNFD) Stakeholder Group 
and World Benchmarking Alliance Nature and Biodiversity 
Benchmark draft methodology through Ipieca, and 
Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) Corporate 
Engagement Program.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
99
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
99

Managing 
Biodiversity-Related  
Risks and Impacts 
We manage risks and mitigate impacts to areas in or near 
low integrity or high importance ecosystems through the use 
of the Mitigation Hierarchy. We support habitat and species 
conservation through strategic and proactive conservation 
initiatives in collaboration with conservation partners. Read 
our Biodiversity Position.
Mitigation Hierarchy
The mitigation hierarchy is a decision‑making framework 
involving a sequence of four prioritized steps to mitigate 
adverse biodiversity impacts: avoid, minimize, restore 
and offset.
Avoid
Some biodiversity impacts can be avoided through 
careful spatial or temporal placement of infrastructure 
or scheduling field activities outside peak migration or 
breeding seasons.
Alaska
For more than 18 years we have funded grizzly bear research 
to help improve our activities and avoid human influence on 
bears. We conduct aerial infrared surveys in coastal areas 
of the North Slope of Alaska where winter activities are 
planned to look for heat signatures indicative of polar bears 
in dens. Ice road routes are carefully mapped out, avoiding 
rough terrain, cultural sites and other potentially sensitive 
areas. Read more about how we work to avoid human‑bear 
interactions.
In 2022, we built the equivalent of 495 acres of winter 
ice roads and ice pads which melted away in the summer. 
Ground‑disturbing activity on the tundra, such as gravel 
placement and other construction, occurs in the winter, 
outside of the migratory bird breeding season.
U.S. Lower 48
In the Bakken area of North Dakota, we aim to design our 
footprint to balance protection of the existing ecosystem 
with current and future land uses near our operations. 
Sharp‑tailed grouse are considered a management indicator 
species for North Dakota and are present throughout our 
asset area in McKenzie County. Because of their importance 
in the North Dakota grasslands, we initiated a three‑year 
study in 2020.
The goal of the study is to gain a better understanding of 
sharp‑tailed grouse nesting, summer/brood rearing and 
wintering habitat types, and local migration and movement 
patterns. In 2022, an additional 15 female and male 
sharp‑tailed grouse were tagged with GPS transmitters, 
bringing the total to 60. Preliminary results from the GPS 
tagging indicate grouse within the study area use a wide 
variety of habitats including areas in close proximity to 
badland and forested habitat as well as agricultural fields. 
Statistical analyses are currently being worked based on 
the nest location and GPS data to include nesting habitat 
characteristics and nesting habitat resource selection model, 
female habitat use during the spring and summer, and 
male habitat use during the lekking and summer periods. 
These analyses will provide the scientific input needed 
to determine the most effective way to avoid impacting 
sharp‑tailed grouse populations throughout their life cycle. 
Learn more about our project‑specific approach to avoidance 
planning in North Dakota.
In the Permian, we identify and assess ecologically 
sensitive areas on company‑owned land in the development 
pre‑planning phase. These sensitive areas include playa 
lakes, waterways (such as rivers, draws and arroyos), 
areas with significant plant diversity and known sensitive 
species habitat. We integrate our understanding of these 
areas into the design of our surface development plans to 
Sharp-tailed grouse in the Bakken.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
100
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
100

identify options for avoiding impacts to sensitive habitats 
or biodiversity.
Strategic initiatives like voluntary conservation agreements 
also help avoid adverse biodiversity impacts and protect 
sensitive habitats near our operations. These formal 
agreements with the U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service and/or 
other federal or state agencies typically require that new 
well locations and surface infrastructure avoid certain 
species habitats or sensitive areas within those habitats. 
We have enrolled approximately 700 acres in conservation 
agreements that protect the lesser prairie chicken in 
Texas and over 266,000 acres to protect the lesser prairie 
chicken and the dunes sagebrush lizard in New Mexico. 
In addition, we have enrolled more than 95,000 acres in 
conservation agreements that protect the endangered Texas 
hornshell mussel.
Minimize
We minimize biodiversity impacts through measures taken to 
reduce the duration, intensity and/or extent of the footprint 
of our operations. New drilling technology, data analytics 
techniques and integrated planning have helped reduce our 
infrastructure footprint and improve reservoir development 
efficiency through multi‑well pads, longer lateral wells, 
multi‑lateral wells, tankless pads and central facilities.
Norway
In 2022, we completed field studies using glider technology 
to assess and minimize the effects of seismic surveys 
and produced water discharges at Ekofisk. Gliders are 
unmanned, autonomous vehicles operating underwater, 
driven by gravity, or they are operated at the surface driven 
by wind, waves, gravity and solar energy. Surface gliders are 
about the size of a surfboard and we use gliders to conduct 
research and to collect data about the potential impact of 
activities on the marine environment and ocean life. 
Canada
Through Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation Alliance (COSIA), 
ConocoPhillips Canada led the development of a goal to 
reduce the footprint intensity by 10% by 2022, measured 
from a 2012 benchmark. Achievements have been realized 
in surface infrastructure footprint optimization, improved 
drilling technology and progressive reclamation. While 
finalized 2022 data is pending, COSIA member companies 
have collectively reduced their footprint intensity from 0.34 
in 2012 to 0.30 in 2021, a reduction of approximately 11%. 
We support COSIA in the development of environmental 
performance indicators for in‑situ oil sands operators that 
will replace the footprint intensity reduction goal.
As part of our focus to proactively minimize footprint 
at Surmont we are participating in the COSIA EcoSeis 
project. EcoSeis focuses on the challenge of seismic data 
acquisition, which historically has required cutting a network 
of narrow corridors through the boreal forest to transport 
and deploy geophysical survey equipment. These seismic cut 
lines represent a significant contribution to our exploration 
footprint. The purpose of EcoSeis is to reduce the impacts 
of new seismic lines by reducing the width of the cut 
lines. In 2022, we completed a successful EcoSeis pilot at 
Surmont acquiring high‑resolution seismic images reducing 
the overall footprint by over 40% compared to using 
conventional seismic technology. This phase of the EcoSeis 
project and additional assessment will be completed in 2024.
The Surmont Boreal Reclamation Project, a research initiative 
with the Northern Alberta Institute of Technology’s Centre 
for Boreal Research, is focused on upland boreal forest 
reclamation techniques. This project has demonstrated 
benefits to actively planting nursery stock seedlings on 
a previously disturbed reclamation area (in this case a 
soil stockpile). Results of the research confirmed that 
high‑density planting (10,000 stems/ha) supports faster 
development of forest canopy vegetation, and after six 
growing seasons, there is evidence of progression toward a 
vegetation community with typical forest attributes.
Alaska
The size of well pads has been reduced from 65 acres in 
1970 to about 12 acres. At the same time, the drilling radius 
has increased from 5,000 feet to about 22,000 feet. In 2022, 
we completed the first well using our extended‑reach drill 
(ERD) rig, reaching over 35,000 feet in length. Our engineers 
are also integrating biodiversity preservation measures 
into the design and siting of infrastructure. New pipelines 
are elevated seven or more feet above the tundra to allow 
caribou to cross underneath. New roads and pipelines 
are also typically constructed 500 feet apart to further 
facilitate unimpeded caribou movement. For new projects, 
we place power cables on the pipeline racks to eliminate 
the need to build overhead powerlines and to reduce bird 
collision hazards.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
101
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
101

Each year, ConocoPhillips Alaska conducts scientific field 
studies throughout the Colville River and northeastern 
National Petroleum Reserve ‑ Alaska (NPR‑A) on the North 
Slope of Alaska. These studies are conducted by respected 
scientists with many years of experience on the North Slope. 
We collaborate with the North Slope Science Initiative and 
the Bureau of Land Management to share environmental 
reports. Our 2022 environmental field studies focused on 
several avian species (eiders, loons, geese and shorebirds), 
air quality, fish and subsistence fisheries, caribou, hydrology, 
cultural resources and subsistence.
U.S. Lower 48
Shrinking pad size and increased drilling radius have 
also helped minimize the infrastructure footprint for our 
unconventional operations in the Lower 48. Our Biodiversity 
Mapping Tools inform development strategies for the 
Bakken, Eagle Ford and Permian. The GIS‑based tool helps 
identify the presence of sensitive species within project 
development areas and tracks results of field surveys or 
cultural resource surveys. 
In the Permian, our understanding of habitats and species 
distribution on company‑owned land is integrated into 
decision‑making during the planning and development 
process. Our approach focuses on concentrating 
infrastructure in development corridors and utilizing 
horizontal drilling to reduce habitat fragmentation. Our 
goal is to minimize impact to ecologically sensitive habitats, 
biodiversity or areas of hydrological significance. A similar 
concept, based on utilizing centralized facilities, which 
reduces infrastructure footprint, land disturbance, impacts 
on wildlife, emissions and truck traffic is also being applied 
in our Bakken assets in North Dakota.
Australia
In Australia, we have been conducting field‑based monitoring 
of the mangroves near the APLNG facility quarterly 
since 2012. This has included analyzing leaves, assessing 
seedling regeneration, measuring trees and assessing water 
chemistry. We added satellite monitoring to complement our 
field‑based study and to minimize human impact from the 
on‑the‑ground monitoring process. The mangrove satellite 
monitoring includes analyzing annual high‑resolution and 
multi‑spectral images back to 2006 to assess long‑term 
mangrove canopy trends over a wider area. Results indicate 
the facility has not caused an impact to the surrounding 
mangroves and the canopy circumference has increased.
We completed a migratory shorebird monitoring study 
to assess potential impacts on local population trends 
associated with construction and operation of APLNG. The 
shorebird monitoring study started in 2009 and continued 
for five years beyond the completion of construction, 
which concluded in 2021. Results indicated that population 
trends are in response to regional effects and are unlikely 
to be associated with the ongoing operation of the facility. 
Assessments will continue to be performed where major 
construction activities are undertaken.
Restore
When impacts and disturbance cannot be completely 
avoided or further minimized, we employ measures to 
restore the area to a stable, productive and self‑sustaining 
ecosystem through remediation or reclamation activities, 
considering beneficial uses of the impacted and surrounding 
areas. Remediation or reclamation of disturbed areas is 
part of our ongoing risk management at operating facilities 
and includes temporary and permanent measures. Asset 
retirement obligations are included in our Long‑Range Plan.
Alaska
In Kuparuk, we began reclaiming gravel mine sites in the 
late 1970s. We use gravel for roads and pads to provide a 
stable driving surface and to keep the underlying permafrost 
frozen. Once the gravel resource is extracted, the mine sites 
undergo reclamation, returning the area to a functioning 
habitat. In collaboration with the Alaska Department of Fish 
and Game and Alaska Department of Natural Resources we 
have selected gravel mine sites near streams to promote 
eventual flooding, creating deep over‑wintering fish habitat 
and providing fish with vital movement pathways. In addition 
to local fish habitat, this reclamation approach provides 
habitat for nesting shorebirds and grizzly bears. Reclamation 
is continuing at several North Slope gravel mine sites.
Norway
Removal and recycling of offshore platforms reduces our 
footprint and restores marine habitat. Since 2010 we have 
removed the topsides and jackets of 15 platforms as part 
of our offshore decommissioning activities. For seven of 
the removed platforms, we have also mapped safety zones 
and removed debris, making approximately 1,400 acres of 
seabed available for other users of the sea. Debris removal 
around platforms removed at the Ekofisk Complex will be 
completed upon future Ekofisk decommissioning.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
102
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
102

Canada
In 2022, we completed the dismantling and remediation 
phase of Surmont’s pilot plant after 19 years as Surmont’s 
initial central processing facility. The decision to retire 
and reclaim the plant is part of our strategy to proactively 
remove infrastructure that no longer contributes to active 
operations. We will start advancing the reclamation and 
revegetation of the almost 20‑acre area in collaboration with 
local Indigenous communities and vendors in summer 2023.
At our Montney asset, we worked with a local Indigenous 
community in 2022 to select restoration sites for the British 
Columbia Dormant Sites Reclamation Program. The scope 
of the restoration work for each of the 10 sites selected by 
the community was developed in collaboration between 
representatives from the community and ConocoPhillips 
staff. The community contributed traditional knowledge and 
observations about key local species and the desired restored 
landscape for almost 40 acres. Our experts contributed 
expertise on innovative restoration and revegetation 
techniques. When possible, we retained community vendors 
to implement aspects of the restoration work. 
Since 2009, we have led an industry collaboration through 
COSIA to accelerate reclamation of exploration well sites 
in the Canadian boreal forest. The Faster Forests program 
has resulted in more than 6 million trees and shrubs being 
planted on about 5,500 acres of land in the oil sands region. 
The initiative has led to the adoption of improvements in 
site construction and reclamation practices and planting to 
accelerate site recovery and is transitioning from a special 
initiative to standard operating practice.
The Algar Restoration Project was a COSIA initiative that 
aimed to restore disturbances from legacy conventional 
seismic lines in caribou habitat. The five‑year project 
included tree planting and regeneration protection of about 
240 miles of linear disturbances, restoring over 600 acres.
U.S. Lower 48
Our U.S. Lower 48 assets leverage strategic partnerships 
for proactive conservation with the goal of conserving 
biodiversity and restoring habitat before they need to be 
protected through government regulations. Read more about 
our proactive conservation achievements.
For company‑owned land in the Permian, we have a history 
of implementing stewardship programs in support of 
habitat restoration. In 2014, we contributed to the creation 
of the Yoakum Dunes Wildlife Management Area, which 
extends over approximately 14,000 acres in Terry and 
Yoakum Counties near Lubbock, providing refuge for 
native grassland birds and wildlife, including the lesser 
prairie chicken, Baird’s sparrow, ferruginous hawk, western 
burrowing owl, swift fox, black‑tailed prairie dog, Texas 
horned lizard and mule deer. 
Caribou on Alaska’s North Slope.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
103
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
103

In 2022, restoration and conservation achievements at the 
company‑owned Quail Ranch were awarded the Texas 
Parks and Wildlife Department Lone Star Land Steward 
Award. The Lone Star Land Steward Awards program has 
recognized conservation efforts of private landowners since 
1996. Located in Upton County, Quail Ranch encompasses 
over 90,000 acres in the Trans‑Pecos and Edwards Plateau 
ecoregions of Texas. Read more about our conservation 
initiatives at Quail Ranch.
Other Permian restoration efforts include:
• Completing 285 development reviews for ecological 
sensitivity, conflicts with ranch operations, and adherence 
to conservation agreements and best management 
practices, and 69 wildlife surveys for six different species 
with ongoing population monitoring via remote sensing 
for select megafauna.
• Enhancing habitat connectivity and promoting biodiversity 
using results from habitat assessments, including 
wildlife‑friendly fencing installation and water distribution 
projects to improve grazing distribution and access to 
water for wildlife.
• Controlling noxious and invasive species, including brush 
control treatment of over 3,200 acres and treatment of 
African rue.
• Reseeding over 360 acres of rights‑of‑way with locally 
adapted native plant species in collaboration with the West 
Texas and Permian Basin‑Panhandle Native Seeds Projects.
• Reclaiming and restoring decommissioned frack pits, 
well and battery pads, roads, surface lines and electrical 
infrastructure, including evaluation of effectiveness of 
treatments in restoring impacted areas.
• Participation in programs recognizing landowners for 
efforts to provide high‑quality habitat for pronghorn, mule 
deer and white‑tailed deer.
Offsets
Biodiversity offsets may be used for impacts or disturbances 
that remain after avoidance, minimization and restoration 
measures have been implemented, or to address a 
regulatory requirement. Our internal Biodiversity Offset 
Guideline provides direction to asset teams where a 
biodiversity offset is a regulatory requirement or a strategic 
business preference. We have implemented biodiversity 
offsets in several areas of our operations. 
Australia
Federal and state government environmental approvals to 
develop major construction projects in Australia require 
biodiversity offsets to counterbalance disturbance. 
Curtis Island represents a local LNG industry’s landmark 
conservation achievement. Combined with the existing 
conservation park, more than 59% of the island is actively 
managed under a conservation management plan, compared 
to just 2% used by LNG projects on the southern tip. This will 
protect the island’s unique ecology and heritage for future 
generations and contribute to conservation of about 100 
square miles in perpetuity. Read more about the Curtis Island 
Conservation Park.
Canada
In 2022, our Montney team worked with a local Indigenous 
community to select three sites for a habitat offset program 
to address a British Columbia pipeline permit requirement. 
The program targeted a 4:1 offset for land disturbed in 
valued ecosystems as defined by the Indigenous community. 
Site selection and the scope of restoration work were 
determined in collaboration with the local Indigenous 
community after field reconnaissance visits. Three sites, 
covering a total area of about 16 acres, were selected for the 
offset program. Research on optimal site preparation and soil 
cover design conducted in collaboration with the Northern 
Alberta Institute of Technology’s Centre for Boreal Research 
helped meet community expectations for site restoration.
We co‑funded the Junction Lake Conservation Site in 
Northern Alberta as a voluntary offset. The 289-acre 
conservation area provides a unique opportunity for the 
public to view the piping plover, an endangered bird species 
with a local population of only about 100. Through this 
conservation collaboration, we received the first “early action 
recognition” from the Government of Alberta for a voluntary 
offset in 2015.
In collaboration with Ducks Unlimited we conserved the 
Bullshead Conservation Area in southeastern Alberta in 
2014. It encompasses more than 2,050 acres of wetland‑rich 
prairie, native grasslands and high‑value wildlife and plant 
species, including large numbers of waterfowl.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
104
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
104

Proactive 
Conservation
Proactive conservation describes voluntary efforts with 
the goal of conserving or restoring biodiversity and 
habitats, focusing on conservation of species primarily in 
the Lower 48 before they need to be protected through 
government regulations. Voluntary conservation actions 
benefit species that are at risk to become threatened 
or endangered in the future as well as species already 
designated. Our efforts are designed to create positive 
outcomes by reducing impact on biodiversity or nature and 
by contributing to its restoration.
In 2022, ConocoPhillips continued collaboration with 
strategic partners including government agencies, nonprofit 
organizations, institutions and conservation groups to:
• Track and reduce barriers essential for migratory bird and 
terrestrial species survival.
• Conserve and restore habitat crucial for species survival.
Migration
Understanding and tracking wildlife migration is crucial 
for conserving habitats essential to species survival. 
Without understanding migratory connectivity, conservation 
investments can often be ineffective because they are 
implemented at the wrong place or time, or for the wrong 
purpose. Further, regulatory or policy decisions based on 
missing or inconclusive scientific data have the potential to 
negatively impact our industry.
We support species migration programs including:
• Smithsonian Institution’s Migratory Connectivity Project 
(MCP) collects information for several bird species of 
concern that follow a migratory flyway aligned with our 
areas of operation. Field expeditions in 2022 reconvened 
across North America (including the Western North 
Slope) in the first major return to pre‑pandemic travel 
and activities. MCP deployed 171 tags on 10 bird species, 
the highest number of individual birds and species ever 
worked in a single year. A new project builds momentum 
for grassland bird conservation through a range‑wide 
project involving 23 partners to study the connectivity of 
iconic prairie birds: Eastern and Western meadowlarks. 
MCP also completed 11 scientific papers in 2022, and 
a tag deployed by MCP is on exhibit in the National 
Air and Space Museum’s new exhibit on satellites: 
One World, Connected. 
• National Fish & Wildlife Foundation’s Improving Habitat 
Quality in Western Big Game and Migration Corridors 
Program focuses on conserving habitat and restoring 
migration corridors needed to maintain healthy 
populations of pronghorn, elk and mule deer. Since 2019, 
the program has awarded $11.7 million across 52 projects, 
leveraging $57 .5 million in matching contributions 
to generate a total conservation impact of more than 
$69.2 million. This investment has resulted in the 
protection, restoration and improved management of over 
870,000 acres, 670 miles of removed or improved fencing 
and 307 miles of reconnected migration corridors. 
 
* Aggregated from impact reports provided by proactive conservation 
partners over the past two decades.
We have supported the 
conservation, restoration 
and improvement of 
by conservation partners 
through continued 
collaboration.
MILLION 
ACRES
*
20
OVER
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
105
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
105

Habitat Conservation and 
Restoration
We focus our habitat conservation and restoration efforts on:
• Activities to improve and expand habitat size, connectivity 
and quality.
• Removing encroaching vegetation that negatively 
impacts grassland‑nesting or sage‑steppe habitat 
nesting birds.
• Reducing invasive species.
• Restoring wetland function and restoring important 
breeding, wintering or stopover sites.
• Working to protect key habitats for birds through support 
of fee title or conservation easement acquisitions.
ConocoPhillips continues to work with strategic 
conservation partners to help preserve and protect 
important habitat for species survival. In 2022, significant 
progress was made to improve data sharing among 
conservation groups and conserving grassland and 
wetlands habitat.
• In 2022, efforts continued to advance the 600 million‑
acre Central Grasslands Roadmap interactive web 
map. This collaborative habitat conservation initiative 
to compile landscape level data pertinent to effective 
on‑the‑ground conservation efforts brings together more 
than 200 conservation nongovernmental organizations 
(NGOs), Indigenous tribes, governmental agencies, policy 
makers and corporations. 
• JV8 Central Grasslands Initiative, represented by 
more than 63 federal, state, provincial, nonprofit and 
industry conservation partners, eight of the Migratory 
Bird Joint Ventures, known as the JV8, have joined 
forces to stem grassland losses and negative impacts 
to migratory bird habitat across the U.S., Canada, and 
Mexico. ConocoPhillips has supported five JV8 members, 
Northern Great Plains JV, Oaks and Prairies JV, Playa 
Lakes JV, Prairie Potholes JV and Rio Grande JV for 
many years. To date, they have worked to conserve over 
4 million acres. 
• National Fish & Wildlife Foundation (NFWF): In 2022, the 
ConocoPhillips SPIRIT of Conservation program provided 
more than $1.0 million in direct funding to support six 
projects, including the completion of a multi‑phase project 
to expand the Motus radio‑telemetry network to collect 
grassland bird migration data across the Great Plains and 
Chihuahuan Desert and to protect or restore over 7 ,100 
acres of grassland and wetland bird habitat in Alaska, 
Texas, South Dakota and Wyoming. Since 2005, the 
SPIRIT of Conservation program has awarded more than 
$14.9 million to 128 projects resulting in the conservation, 
restoration or enhancement of more than 528,000 acres. 
A preliminary estimate using NFWF’s proprietary carbon 
benefit estimator indicated these projects are anticipated 
to generate a cumulative carbon benefit of 69,000 metric 
tons by 2052.
• NFWF: Pecos Watershed Conservation Initiative is 
dedicated to restoring and sustaining healthy rivers, 
streams and grasslands that provide important wildlife 
habitat in the Pecos River watershed and adjacent areas 
of New Mexico and Texas. In 2022, $1.5 million was 
awarded to support nine watershed conservation projects 
that resulted in the restoration of over 11,000 grassland 
acres benefiting multiple avian species and improving 
49 miles of pronghorn-friendly fencing. Since the 
program’s inception in 2017 , $8 million has been invested 
into 44 conservation projects.
As the largest private owner of wetlands in Louisiana, we 
collaborate with Ducks Unlimited to conserve and restore 
wetlands habitats that threatened and endangered species 
depend on to live and thrive. Through these efforts, more 
than 100 wetland acres were restored and over 2,900 acres 
benefited or were enhanced in 2022. These efforts also 
provide greater societal benefits by:
• Preserving the land’s ability to protect and nourish the 
habitats of many wildlife species.
• Protecting seafood, maritime trade, and natural gas and 
oil industries.
• Protecting local homes and businesses.
• Increasing the quality of commercial and recreational 
fishing.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
106
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
106

Since 2012, these efforts have helped to restore, conserve or 
enhance over 25,000 acres. Read more about ConocoPhillips 
conservation activities in Louisiana.
In addition to wetlands in Louisiana, we are stewards of 
almost 200,000 acres in the Permian Basin where we strive 
to balance energy production with stewardship of natural 
resources. Through conservation planning and collaboration 
with partners including the Western Association of Fish 
and Wildlife Agencies, Borderlands Research Institute, 
and Caesar Kleberg Wildlife Research Institute, we have 
restored grasslands across over 6,900 acres. Our efforts are 
focused on Playa Lakes and adjacent uplands, enhancing 
habitat quality and connectivity for pronghorn, black‑tailed 
prairie dogs, western burrowing owls and other grassland 
dependent species.
We partner with the Intermountain West Joint Venture to 
support the Sage Grouse Initiative, an effort by regulators, 
NGOs, universities and industry to conserve native 
rangelands for the species. Additionally, we are co‑funding 
a three‑year, landscape‑scale assessment project to develop 
a grassland birds conservation plan with recommendations 
aiming to stabilize grassland bird populations and minimize 
impacts across the Great Plains.
ConocoPhillips and Ducks Unlimited team 
members survey recent coastal restoration 
projects in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
107
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
107

Managing Water-
Related Risks 
Water sourcing and produced water management are global 
challenges that require local solutions. Local water risks 
are characterized by the combination of social, regulatory, 
economic and environmental conditions such as water stress, 
which are unique to every basin or offshore marine area. 
Risks are influenced by the type of operation — whether 
we explore for or produce crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, 
natural gas liquids or liquefied natural gas — and whether we 
operate an unconventional reservoir or within a conventional 
field onshore or offshore. Our exploration and production 
activities can contribute to the resource use impact driver for 
nature. Water risks are managed at the BU level, enabling a 
tailored region‑specific approach.
Our water sources include fresh, non‑fresh, reused municipal 
waste water and reused/recycled produced water used for 
drilling, enhanced oil recovery (EOR), hydraulic fracturing, 
steam generation for steam‑assisted gravity drainage (SAGD) 
oil sands production, natural gas and oil terminals, LNG 
production and domestic purposes.
Produced water from our onshore operations is treated 
and recycled to hydraulically fracture wells and generate 
SAGD steam, reused untreated for EOR, or disposed by well 
injection. Produced water from offshore operations is treated 
prior to discharge from offshore platforms in accordance 
with local regulations. We also manage waste water at our 
terminals for LNG production and domestic waste water for 
staff accommodations at remote assets.
Unconventional
In 2022, our unconventional assets included Eagle Ford, 
Delaware and Midland Basins in the Permian and Bakken in 
the U.S. and Montney in Canada.
Recycled produced water has been identified as the best 
option to source hydraulic fracturing operations for our 
Delaware, Midland and Montney assets. This recycling has 
both economic and environmental benefits as the use of 
recycled produced water reduces both the amount of water 
withdrawn from local sources and the amount of produced 
water injected for disposal.
Our Delaware and Midland unconventional assets are part 
of the Permian Basin in West Texas and Southeastern 
New Mexico. Water sourcing and produced water 
management are facilitated using centralized water 
gathering and distribution systems with strategically located 
recycling facilities. Water infrastructure is a key component 
of these gathering systems. Virtually none of our source 
water is transported via truck, and all of our recycled 
produced water used in 
Permian operations is 
transported via pipeline.
To minimize reliance on 
local fresh water sources 
and because some of our 
Permian assets are located 
in areas with high baseline 
water stress, we actively 
pursue opportunities to 
use recycled produced 
water to frack new wells. We have established partnerships 
with third‑party midstream providers for our Midland and 
Delaware assets for services including water supply and 
delivery, pipeline design and operation, waste water disposal 
and produced water treatment. We added two additional 
produced water recycling facilities for assets acquired 
in 2022 bringing the total number of facilities treating 
produced water from our own natural gas and oil wells to 12. 
In 2022, ConocoPhillips entered into an agreement with 
Aris Water Solutions and Chevron to develop and pilot 
technologies and processes to treat produced water for 
potential beneficial reuse opportunities. ExxonMobil joined 
the collaborative industry effort in 2023. Engineering, 
construction and execution of the testing protocols and 
pilot projects will be led by Aris, leveraging the combined 
technical expertise of members. Completion of pilot testing 
and the performance evaluation of certain pilot technologies 
are anticipated by the end of 2023, paving the way for risk 
assessments for treated produced water, which are important 
enablers for eventual beneficial reuse applications.
Our engineered storage pits for treated produced water 
are double‑lined and have leak detection systems, and 
storage pits and disposal facilities are also equipped with 
remote monitoring devices. In 2022, 44% of the water 
used for hydraulic fracturing of new wells in Delaware and 
62% of water used in Midland was recycled produced water. 
Combined, 52% of the water used for hydraulic fracturing in 
the Permian was recycled produced water.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
108
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
108

In addition to recycled produced water, we have been using 
reclaimed municipal waste water for our Midland assets 
since 2015. This reclaimed waste water is sourced from 
municipalities and other third parties and treated in the 
hydraulic fracture process.
In Canada’s Montney development, we also manage water 
using a centralized water gathering and distribution 
system. Produced water from operating wells is treated 
for recycling, stored in engineered ponds and then used 
to complete the next well. As more wells are completed in 
future development phases, we will reduce the volume of 
fresh water withdrawn from the Halfway River and gradually 
increase the volume of treated produced water used for new 
wells. Our ultimate target is to recycle at least 80% of the 
produced water for fracking, 
reducing fresh water 
withdrawal and produced 
water disposal. We continue 
to exploit opportunities 
for sharing our treated 
produced water with other 
local operators, recycling an 
additional 30% of our total 
produced water recovered 
in 2022. We will look to use 
treated third‑party produced 
water and are planning to increase our produced water 
storage capacity to reduce our fresh water use in 2023 and 
beyond. Learn more about our Montney water management.
In Texas’s Eagle Ford, we target groundwater sources that 
are not in close proximity to local municipal, domestic or 
agricultural users. In support of this goal, we progressed our 
deep water well project in Karnes County. Deeper wells are 
more likely to be brackish, helping us to boost the volume 
of non‑fresh water used for operations. Source water for 
drilling and completions is transported using temporary, 
lay‑flat pipelines from central storage ponds, rather than 
trucks. In 2022, we completed the installation of a pipeline‑
based produced water central gathering and disposal system 
for new facilities in Sugarloaf, located in Live Oak County. 
These initiatives have further reduced truck traffic on 
local roads. In 2022, about 66% of the water sourced for 
operations in the Eagle Ford was non‑fresh water.
For our Bakken operations, water is predominately sourced 
from local surface and groundwater which is largely 
transported using temporary, lay‑flat pipelines from third 
party owned and operated central storage ponds and 
underground water distribution systems. Most of produced 
water is transferred to disposal wells using pipeline 
infrastructure. In 2022, about 12% of the water sourced for 
operations in the Bakken was non‑fresh water.
Induced Seismicity
We have our own Global Induced Seismicity Guidelines 
to understand and mitigate potential seismicity related to 
fracking and produced water injection disposal wells. We 
evaluate third‑party disposal wells by conducting seismic 
hazard risk assessments prior to selecting third‑party 
disposal wells for use.
We utilize a range of real‑time seismic monitoring networks, 
including the Texas Bureau of Economic Geology TexNet, 
United States Geological Survey and Nanometrics 
(a commercial monitoring entity), that enable us to make 
immediate evaluations and engage in mitigating actions if 
required. TexNet is a system of earthquake sensors placed 
in the ground at over 200 locations across the state of Texas. 
TexNet data is publicly available and widely used by industry, 
regulators and academic researchers.
In 2022, we supported research led by the University of 
Texas at Austin’s multi‑disciplinary Center for Injection 
and Seismicity Research (CISR) to understand seismicity 
across Texas. We also supported seismological research at 
the Stanford University Center for Induced and Triggered 
Seismicity (SCITS). 
To date, regulators in both New Mexico and Texas have 
defined multiple Seismic Response Areas (SRA) within which 
water disposal volumes are curtailed. We fully adhere to 
these actions and modify our disposal practices to remain 
in compliance. In addition, our protocols reflect variations in 
local regulatory frameworks.
Recycle at least
We target groundwater 
sources that are not in close 
proximity to local municipal, 
domestic or agricultural users 
in the Eagle Ford.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
109
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
109

Conventional
Our diverse operated conventional asset portfolio includes 
Alaska’s Kuparuk and Alpine fields and the Permian Basin in 
the U.S. The majority of our Permian Basin conventional wells 
were divested in late 2021 and early 2022.
Water management for our Alaska operations is unique, 
as most of our fresh water use is not directly for natural 
gas and oil production, but primarily to build seasonal ice 
roads and pads for development, exploration and overland 
resupply. The water is sourced locally from surface water 
bodies in accordance with regulatory permits and returned 
to the environment every spring as meltwater. Less than 
1% of total water use is fresh water for drilling to produce 
natural gas and oil. For enhanced oil recovery (EOR) 
operations, our Alaska assets rely on non‑fresh water, 
specifically seawater, and reused produced water.
LNG Facilities
Water management priorities for our Australia Pacific 
Liquified Natural Gas (APLNG) facility focus on the quality 
of water discharged to municipal water treatment systems 
or directed to the receiving environment. This includes water 
used in the LNG process that is discharged to municipal 
systems and runoff from rain events that is discharged to 
surface water. Routine monitoring programs are in place to 
assess water quality prior to discharge to municipal systems 
and at each stormwater discharge point, as well as the 
receiving environment discharge mixing zone. Read more 
about our water management at APLNG. 
Oil Sands
In Canada, steam‑assisted bitumen recovery at our Surmont 
oil sands operation is primarily supported by recycled 
produced water, supplemented by an array of low‑quality 
non‑saline1 and saline makeup groundwater supply wells. 
These impaired quality makeup water supplies replace water 
consumed within the bitumen recovery process and are 
not suitable for domestic or agricultural use with standard 
treatment technologies as well as located at depths that 
isolate them from surface water bodies and interactions with 
aquatic ecosystems. 
Since 2020, Surmont has been piloting a combination of 
steam additive technologies (e.g., non‑condensable gas 
co‑injection to create a blanket of insulation within the steam 
chamber) and more aggressive targeting of low steam‑oil 
ratio (SOR) wells within the field. This modified operating 
strategy has resulted in stable bitumen production at 
lower rates of steam injection and a conjunctive increase in 
produced water returns to the central processing plants. 
As a founding member of Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation 
Alliance (COSIA), Surmont continued to beneficially 
contribute to the in‑situ oil sands performance goal of 
reducing fresh water use intensity by 50% by 2022, 
measured from a 2012 benchmark. While finalized 2022 
data is pending, COSIA member companies have collectively 
reduced their fresh water use intensity from 0.36 in 2012 to 
0.17 in 2021, a reduction of approximately 53%.
Offshore
Water management priorities for our Norway offshore 
operations are treatment and quality of discharged produced 
water. Norway operations treat produced water prior to 
discharge from offshore platforms in accordance with 
national regulations. Fresh water for offshore operations 
is mostly used for domestic purposes, but also for well 
stimulation. Fresh water is used at the Teesside terminal, 
U.K., which receives natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids 
from Norway and U.K. offshore fields. Our Norway business 
unit is using non‑fresh water (seawater) for reservoir 
pressure maintenance and drilling. 
Our Ekofisk operations have a long history of improving 
the quality of water discharged into the sea and our oil‑in‑
water ratio has declined significantly and continues to 
outperform regulatory requirements. In the last decade, 
the focus has been on optimization to further reduce 
oil‑in‑water concentrations. In 2022, the concentration 
averaged 5.5 mg/L. 
Efficient water treatment to reduce oil‑in‑water 
concentrations also reduces the level of other discharged 
components that may impact the marine environment. 
1  As defined by Alberta regulators.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
110
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
110

Potential impacts from produced water being discharged 
into the sea have been monitored and assessed for more 
than 20 years, including in‑situ water column monitoring. 
Based on current knowledge, the environmental risk 
of discharging produced water is very low. In 2022, we 
submitted a report on in‑situ water column monitoring in 
the Greater Ekofisk area to regulatory authorities prepared 
by a consortium of independent research institutes. The 
study verified the limited risk posed by treated produced 
water discharges.
Integrating Technology
We rely on finding innovative solutions through technology 
applications to reduce business risks and address local 
community concerns around water resources, treatment 
and management of produced water. Offshore, we treat 
produced water to remove dispersed oil prior to discharge, 
we disinfect seawater used for enhanced oil recovery (EOR) 
and we remove dissolved solids in water to avoid the buildup 
of scale. Onshore, we treat produced water or process water 
to remove certain organics, dissolved solids and dissolved 
gases like hydrogen sulfide (H2S) to avoid the buildup of 
scale and to enable storage, recycling, discharge or disposal. 
Innovative water technologies can optimize processes, 
reduce costs, improve efficiency and reduce potential impact 
on the environment.
ConocoPhillips Global Water 
Sustainability Center
2022 was the 12th year for our Global Water Sustainability 
Center (GWSC) in Qatar. The center develops innovative 
solutions for water management related to natural gas and 
oil operations and programs with three main focus areas: 
providing specialized technical engineering and analytical 
support to our global operations and to Qatargas, conducting 
applied research to qualify advanced technologies for 
operations, and organizing outreach activities related to 
water sustainability. The research supports the development 
of beneficial reuse options of produced water in Lower 48 
operations and at the same time minimizes deep well 
injection volumes. In addition, unique analytical methodology 
for advanced characterization of organics was developed 
to assess the level of pretreatment required to minimize 
membrane fouling at Qatargas waste water treatment plants. 
The GWSC manages our Water Solutions Technology Toolbox, 
an internal technology‑sharing website capturing the latest 
water treatment experience from full‑scale operations, field 
trials and bench tests. Read more about the GWSC.
In 2022, the GWSC team was honored for its conservation 
awareness program by Kahramaa -  Tarsheed, the national 
program to regulate and create awareness for power and 
water consumption in the State of Qatar. 
Kahramaa -  Tarsheed 10th year celebration.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
111
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
111

HABITATS CONSERVED, 
PROTECTED OR RESTORED
PROTECTED AREAS
ASSETS: Anadarko2 | APLNG | Bakken 
Permian | Uinta Basin
0.04%
OVERLAPPING WITH 10 ASSETS
WITHIN 3 MILES (5 KM)
1
 
12ASSETS
IN FOUR COUNTRIES 
with at least one IUCN Red List 
species known to occur.
5
IUCN RED LIST SPECIES
5 The majority of our assets actively mitigate risks related to at least one 
species of local importance that is also an IUCN Red List species.
OVER 
20
4
MILLION
ACRES
4 Aggregated from impact reports provided by proactive conservation 
partners over the past two decades.
by conservation partners  through 
continued collaboration.
OVER 
409,000
CUMULATIVE ACRES
3
 
3 Cumulative with varying conservation project start dates as early as 2009.
on company-owned lands and operated assets. 
1 Estimated as the percentage of lease areas overlapping with designated 
protected areas such as national parks or wildlife sanctuaries, World 
Heritage or Ramsar sites.
2 During 2022, the company completed the sale of the majority of 
Anadarko assets.
Performance Metrics 
Biodiversity
We collect data and information related to species 
occurrence and sensitive habitats located within or 
adjacent to our operated assets. We focus on species 
characterized as at‑risk, endangered, rare, significant, 
threatened or of cultural value, and habitats characterized as 
sensitive by local regulators or conservation organizations as 
well as International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) 
I‑VI protected areas. Data and information are used to develop 
metrics related to protected areas, restored or protected 
habitats and the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
Protected Areas
We complete an annual enterprise‑wide assessment of 
protected areas located within or adjacent to operated assets. 
The assessment includes areas designated at the national 
and regional level (national parks or wildlife sanctuaries) as 
well as at the international level (World Heritage or Ramsar 
sites). Our infrastructure within or adjacent to protected areas 
includes pipelines, well pads, compressor stations, one LNG 
facility and one terminal.
• Operated asset lease areas overlapping with IUCN I‑VI 
protected areas: 0.04%.1
• Number of IUCN I‑VI protected areas within 3 miles (5 km) 
of operated assets: 10.2
Habitats Conserved, Protected 
or Restored
We consider habitat to be protected where the environment 
remains in its original state with a healthy and functioning 
ecosystem, and habitat to be restored where actions have either 
restored the environment to its original state or enhanced it to 
a state where it has a healthy and functioning ecosystem.
IUCN Red List Species
For our operated assets, we identify species of interest at 
the local level including at‑risk, endangered, rare, significant, 
threatened or of cultural value. Some of the local species of 
interest may also have been identified as near‑threatened, 
vulnerable, endangered or critically endangered on the IUCN 
Red List of Threatened Species. The majority of our assets 
actively mitigate risks related to at least one species of local 
importance that is also an IUCN Red List species. We have 
12 assets in four countries with one or more IUCN Red List 
species observed or known to occur.
1 Assets: Anadarko, APLNG, Bakken, Indonesia (in the first quarter of 2022, the company 
completed the sale of the Indonesia assets), Uinta Basin.
2 Estimated as the percentage of lease areas overlapping with designated protected areas 
such as national parks or wildlife sanctuaries, World Heritage or Ramsar sites.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
112
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
112

1 Calculated using Enverus data for the average volume of fresh water (bbl) divided by the average estimated ultimate recovery (EUR, BOE) as of April 5, 2023. 
Intensity value may change as EUR data is updated. EUR –  estimated ultimate recovery.
2 Calculated using the average volume of fresh water (bbl) divided by the average annual production (BOE).
UNCONVENTIONAL1
Bakken | Delaware | Eagle Ford
Midland | Montney
BBL/BOE EUR0.06 BBL/BOE
CONVENTIONAL/OFFSHORE2
Alaska | APLNG
Ekofisk/Teesside | Surmont
0.03
FRESH WATER CONSUMPTION INTENSITY
3 Regulatory definitions of fresh water can range from less than 1,000 to less than 4,000 milligrams per liter total dissolved solids (TDS).
4 Non-fresh water includes brackish/saline groundwater with ranges between 2,000 to more than 10,000 milligrams per liter TDS and seawater with about 35,000 milligrams per liter TDS.
5 Produced water ranges from less than 10,000 to more than 300,000 milligrams per liter TDS.
6 Calculated using the World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas.
Monitoring water at APLNG.
Water
We measure and report the volume of fresh water3 and 
non‑fresh4 water withdrawn from local water sources, the 
volume of municipal waste water reused, and the volume 
of produced water5 that is reused, recycled, disposed or 
discharged after treatment. The data is used to estimate 
our water intensity and exposure to water stress.6 We also 
collect water forecast data for our annual Long‑Range 
Plan process which enables us to test our portfolio of 
projects against our water risks to make better‑informed 
strategic decisions.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
113
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
113

Credit: Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas (wri.org)
IN REGIONS WITH HIGH BASELINE WATER STRESS
ASSETS: Anadarko* | Permian Midland Basin | Alaska Kuparuk
* During 2022, the company completed the sale of the majority of Anadarko assets.
OF FRESH WATER 
WITHDRAWN
OF FRESH WATER 
CONSUMED6.3% 2.4%
EXPOSURE TO WATER STRESS
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
114
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
114

REGIONAL WATER METRICS
Fresh Water Withdrawn
Produced Water Reused/recycled Produced Water Disposed Produced Water Discharged
Non-fresh Water Withdrawn Municipal Waste Water ReusedFresh Water Discharged
(in million cubic meters)
BAKKEN
EAGLE FORD
PERMIAN
LNG
NORWAY
MONTNEY
ALASKA
SURMONT
1.4 0.2 3.0
3.2 6.2 4.5
0.16 9.5 1.8 14 51.2
0.02 0.02
1.6 1.6 25.9 14.6
0.350.7 0.05
0.57 0.24 10.8 35.6 0.0001
1.4 0.04 0.1 24.1 2.5
PRODUCED WATER MANAGED – GLOBAL SOURCE WATER – GLOBAL
DischargedDisposedReused/recycled Non-fresh Reused/recycledMunicipal 
Waste Water
Fresh
IS DISPOSED OF
IS DISCHARGED
OFFSHORE AFTER
TREATMENT
OF PRODUCED 
WATER IS REUSED 
OR RECYCLED
IS FRESH WATER
7%
OF SOURCE WATER IS
NON-FRESH WATER,
MUNICIPAL WASTE 
WATER AND REUSED 
OR RECYCLED 
PRODUCED WATER
93%
41%
10%
49%
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
115
Nature
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
115

Social
We are committed to respectfully engaging with local stakeholders — those who 
impact or may be impacted by our business — to understand their values and interests, 
reduce the effect of our operations and proposed projects, and support economic and 
community development opportunities. 
Members of the ConocoPhillips 
Stakeholder Engagement team meet with 
community members in the Eagle Ford.
We seek early and frequent engagement with our 
stakeholders to build trust, garner respect and develop 
mutually beneficial relationships. 
In addition to communities near our operations, we engage 
with government bodies, nongovernmental organizations, 
academic institutions, industry associations and the 
financial sector. We also participate in multi‑stakeholder 
forums to gain diverse and valuable perspectives as we 
work to continuously improve our sustainable development 
programs and initiatives. Learn more about our broad range 
of stakeholders. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
116
Social

Creating 
Shared Value
We address the social or community related aspects of our 
operations and projects at the business unit (BU) level.
Governance and Strategy
We have a comprehensive governance framework that 
extends from the Board of Directors, through executive 
and senior management to the working levels in each 
BU. Read more about our sustainable development 
governance structure.
Risk and Impact Assessment 
Social risks at the community level could result from 
potential project, operational and cumulative impacts to 
community safety, human rights, infrastructure, services, 
land use, environmental quality, cultural heritage, 
managing expectations for local business opportunities 
and employment. Risks could impact our business through 
project delays, business interruption, policy or regulatory 
costs, reputational damage, or increased cost of capital. 
Social risks for our asset portfolio are related to:
• Community opposition based on potential or perceived 
social and/or environmental impacts, including cumulative 
impacts.
• Community expectations of economic benefits, such as 
local hiring and local content.
• Public policy that restricts access to, or development of, 
natural gas and oil resources.
• Negative public sentiment.
By understanding the social, economic, political and 
environmental factors affecting stakeholders, we can 
identify and monitor emerging trends, manage potential 
impacts and reputational risks associated with our 
operations and add value to our communities.
Our stakeholder identification process is a key component 
of social risk assessment. Each business unit is responsible 
for identifying stakeholders to understand their 
perspectives and concerns. We consider our stakeholder 
relationships and priorities to identify opportunities for 
collaboration and potential points of conflict. From this we 
develop an engagement 
plan to address 
concerns and maintain 
our focus on developing 
mutually beneficial 
relationships. By having 
open dialogue, we 
are able to identify 
and address potential 
impacts associated with 
our operations. This 
is done through our 
integrated sustainable 
development (SD) risk management process where existing 
and planned exploration and production, and major projects 
are examined against the physical, social and political 
ConocoPhillips employees volunteer at a United Way Day of 
Caring in Houston.
We strive to 
positively 
impact the 
communities 
where we live 
and operate.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
117
Social

settings of our operations. Social assessments consider:
• Impacts to communities, including human rights, rights of 
Indigenous Peoples, labor rights, security, public health, 
political and economic issues.
• Stakeholder priorities.
• Stakeholder opposition to company activities.
• Risks and impacts related to supplier and contractor 
activities.
• Cumulative effects of company and/or industry activities.
To support our BUs in operationalizing our Stakeholder 
Engagement Principles, we provide Social Performance 
Guidance with recommended internal processes and 
external engagement to understand and address 
stakeholder priorities. Based on this guidance, each BU 
manages its own social risks, priorities and regulatory 
requirements, enabling tailored, region‑specific business 
goals to address unique challenges and opportunities. 
Risk and Mitigation Actions 
In 2022, five social risks related to potential project delay 
and business interruption were identified and ranked as 
significant by three business units. They have developed 
mitigations to address these risks. 
We continued with our Social and Stakeholder Engagement 
issues working group (IWG) quarterly meetings in 2022. 
The IWG provides a platform for knowledge sharing on best 
practices, tracks emerging topics and monitors the progress 
of the different BUs regarding their engagement with 
communities and other key stakeholders.
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 
PRINCIPLES
• Proactively identify and seek out 
stakeholders.
• Include stakeholders in the design and 
implementation of the engagement process.
• Listen to understand stakeholders’ interests, 
concerns and culture.
• Communicate openly.
• Seek solutions that create mutually 
beneficial relationships and build long-
term value for both the company and our 
stakeholders.
• Follow through on our commitments and 
stand accountable for the results, both 
internally and externally.
SOCIAL PERFORMANCE 
GUIDANCE
• Community Engagement: Identifying our 
stakeholders and how they may impact or be 
impacted by company activities.
• Human Rights: Assessing potential risks to 
stakeholder human rights, incorporating 
risks into planning and providing a grievance 
mechanism.
• Indigenous Peoples: Consulting with 
Indigenous stakeholders to understand their 
culture, identify their priorities and work 
together to address them.
• Security and Human Rights: Implementing 
the Voluntary Principles on Security and 
Human Rights.
• Community and Social Investment: Aligning 
investments with community needs and 
company strategy.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
118
Social

Working with 
Communities
By taking a personal approach with communities, we are 
able to build strong relationships and an environment of 
transparency, courtesy and trust. This allows us to better 
manage potential risks and impacts to local stakeholders 
and our business while supporting mutually beneficial 
relationships and creating long term value. 
Our contribution toward building resilient communities is 
at the heart of the discussion around a just and orderly 
transition. We focus our efforts around listening to 
communities and promoting local development. 
Listening and Integrating 
Stakeholder Input into Business 
Decisions
As we gain further understanding about stakeholder 
values, priorities and concerns, we seek to integrate their 
input into our plans and operations. Through inclusive and 
transparent engagement, we work with stakeholders to find 
mutually beneficial solutions that address the impacts of our 
operations on their communities.
Alaska
In Alaska, we have frequent engagements with communities 
located closest to our operations, including through 
community meetings and open houses. Our Willow project 
in the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska (NPR-A) involved 
extensive public engagement since the Environmental 
Impact Statement (EIS) process commenced in 2018, 
including more than 215 days of public comment, 25 
in‑person public hearings, and over 145 meetings in 
Anchorage, Fairbanks, Nuiqsut, Utqiagvik, Atqasuk, and 
Anaktuvuk Pass. 
Willow is designed to support and coexist with subsistence 
activities with many mitigation measures built into the 
project design. For example, after publication of the Willow 
Draft EIS by the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) in 2019, 
Nuiqsut village whaling captains and other residents 
expressed subsistence impact concerns regarding a 
proposed temporary gravel island to be built specifically 
for unloading sealift modules. This prompted the project 
team to reevaluate and change the development plans. 
Other steps taken to address subsistence concerns include: 
the reduction of speed limits and road width in key parts of 
the field, additional infrastructure to facilitate and improve 
subsistence access and the implementation of additional 
restrictions and mitigations during times of sensitive wildlife 
activity, such as caribou calving and migration. 
After nearly five years of rigorous regulatory and 
environmental review, the Department of the Interior 
issued a Record of Decision on the Willow project in March 
2023. Willow has broad support from Alaska North Slope 
communities, the regional tribe, the regional municipal 
government, the regional Alaska Native corporation, and 
the local Alaska Native corporation. Read their letters of 
support here. 
For the past decade, we’ve met regularly with subsistence 
representatives from areas near our operations to discuss 
planned helicopter and small aircraft operations as well as 
locations of hunting and gathering activities to ensure our 
operations don’t interfere with the subsistence lifestyle of 
our neighbors. 
We also have robust environmental study programs at 
existing operations that include: 
• Air quality monitoring stations. 
• Caribou, bird and fish surveys.
• Hydrology studies. 
• Lake water quality and recharge monitoring.
• Subsistence hunting studies. 
• Tundra rehabilitation.
Extensive environmental baseline studies are conducted 
in all potential areas of new operations. New projects are 
subject to rigorous permitting and public review processes. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
119
Social

In 2022, consistent with prior years, we worked with the 
Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation to include 
real‑time data from the Nuiqsut Air Quality Monitoring 
Station on the Alaska Air Quality Index webpage so residents 
can check the status of air quality at any time. Air quality on 
the North Slope is consistently better than national ambient 
air quality standards. 
Australia
We recognize that specific collaborative measures are 
needed to improve access to business and employment 
opportunities for First Nations Peoples in Australia. We also 
recognize the importance of having the active involvement of 
First Nations Peoples in the design, development and delivery 
of opportunities that will improve socioeconomic outcomes. 
To support our Reconciliation Action Plan (RAP), which was 
launched in 2022, we facilitated a two‑day workshop involving 
13 of our tier one suppliers and contractors, and First Nations 
leaders and business owners, to take a deep dive into current 
practices to understand both barriers and opportunities for 
participation in our business. Key outcomes of the workshop 
included overwhelming support for a First Nations Chamber 
of Commerce and Industry, establishment of an internal 
Indigenous Participation Working Group, and development 
of an overarching strategy between ConocoPhillips Australia 
and First Nations Peoples that will progressively encompass 
key policy development including culturally appropriate 
employment and workforce development, supply chain goods 
and services delivery, and business development. Read more 
about the development of our RAP.
Canada
In Canada, Indigenous Peoples (who consist of First 
Nations, Métis and Inuit) have legally protected rights within 
their traditional territories. Due to the close proximity of 
Indigenous communities to our Canadian operations, we 
have developed a values and interest assessment (VIA) 
process to guide our relationships with those communities 
to create positive, sustainable outcomes. The VIA process 
starts with our External Relations team building relationships 
through authentic, collaborative dialogue with members 
of the community. Next, we work with the community 
to create a shared vision and discuss ways we can work 
together. The third stage centers around planning and 
focuses on collaboratively prioritizing ideas and creating 
structures and processes for working together. The ideas 
are turned into a shared action plan for both parties to 
assess and implement. The VIA process can also result in 
formal agreements with interested Indigenous communities 
near our operations. Such agreements are confidential and 
formalize the respectful relationship between our company 
and the community by focusing on creating shared value. 
Agreements typically include a process to understand and 
address concerns and opportunities about our activities, 
as well as commitments by both parties to work toward 
mutually beneficial outcomes and maintain open, consistent 
communication about our activities. 
VALUES AND INTEREST ASSESSMENT (VIA) PROCESS
• Invite others 
who care
• Be part of our 
journey
• Collaborate 
closely
• Share our stories
•  Have meaningful 
conversation
•  Discover our 
potential
• Prioritize ideas
• Define first 
steps to action
• Learn and grow 
together
• Turn ideas into 
shared action
• Review and 
reflect
• Celebrate our 
progress
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
120
Social

ConocoPhillips works closely with Indigenous communities 
on restoration efforts in our operating areas. At our Montney 
asset, we have regularly met with First Nations close to our 
development areas to develop scopes for habitat restoration 
offsets for three locations since 2019. We incorporated 
community feedback on:
• Site selection.
• Site preparation.
• Appropriate species and densities to meet 
revegetation goals.
The work scopes for each of the three locations were 
developed based on conversations and site tours with 
First Nations community members. The draft work scopes 
were reviewed by the community and updated to reflect 
their objectives and values. Community members are also 
expected to be involved in execution of the restoration work. 
We also engage with First Nations communities on 
remediation sites through the Dormant Sites Reclamation 
Program where communities nominate locations to prioritize 
remediation and reclamation work, so they have direct 
influence on the order in which sites are remediated. 
In 2022, ConocoPhillips staff and members participated 
in the following events to engage, learn and celebrate the 
community’s cultural values and practices:
• Fort McMurray 468 First Nation gathered to mark six 
years since the signing of our Cooperation and Mutual 
Benefits Agreement and to celebrate the meaningful 
relationship we have jointly built. 
• ConocoPhillips celebrated National Indigenous Peoples 
Day to commemorate the history and culture of 
Indigenous Peoples across Canada.
• In September, ConocoPhillips staff recognized National 
Day for Truth and Reconciliation to help foster awareness, 
appreciation, and dialogue around Indigenous traditions 
and culture, and the place of dance therein. 
As a company that values and respects Indigenous 
communities, ConocoPhillips believes it is important 
to honor these days and events alongside Indigenous 
Peoples to further increase our understanding of and 
support for Indigenous communities and stakeholders. 
With the proximity of our assets/operations to Indigenous 
communities in northern Alberta and northeastern British 
Columbia, and with our Calgary office being within Treaty 7 
territory, honoring the people whose footsteps have marked 
these lands is consistent with our SPIRIT Values.
Building and Strengthening Local 
Economies and Communities
Helping improve the quality of life in the communities where 
we live and work is an important goal for ConocoPhillips and 
our employees. We prioritize working with stakeholders to 
identify and support programs and identify opportunities 
to publicly leverage our role as a corporate citizen that will 
make a real difference in communities.
Alaska
ConocoPhillips takes pride in contracting with local Alaska 
Native‑owned corporations, and we have longstanding 
contracts with subsidiaries of the Kuukpik Corporation, 
Arctic Slope Regional Corporation, Ukpeaġvik Iñupiat 
Corporation, NANA and Doyon. We are proud of the Alaska 
Native employees working in ConocoPhillips operations 
through our partnerships with Alaska Native Corporations 
and their subsidiaries.
Federal legislation requires 50% of federal revenue from 
NPR‑A production be made available through the NPR‑A 
Impact Mitigation Grant Program, a unique program that 
has significant social benefits. These grants fund city 
operations, youth programs and essential community 
projects which in turn create local jobs for residents. We 
partnered with the City of Nuiqsut, the Native Village of 
Nuiqsut and the Kuukpik Corporation to create the Nuiqsut 
Community Development Foundation, a nonprofit focused 
on building capacity in the community to access grants 
by providing services for project planning, grant writing 
and administration and project execution. As a result of 
this increased capacity, the city has received a significant 
increase in grants for projects and operations in the village 
during the past few years. Additionally, property taxes from 
the Willow project will help fund essential services for 
communities in the North Slope Borough such as schools, 
emergency response capabilities, health clinics, drinking 
water, wastewater, roads, power and solid waste disposal.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
121
Social

Australia
In the community of Gladstone, ConocoPhillips Australia 
continues working with the not‑for‑profit sector and 
recognizes there is an opportunity to further build their 
business skills and resilience. 
In an effort to strengthen these organizations, ConocoPhillips 
will partner with local organization Not for Profit House to 
support the assessment of local not‑for‑profit organization 
capacity, skills, and business health, through an evidence‑
based report card assessment process. This will help guide 
them in priority action areas by giving them tangible steps 
to improve their contribution to community wellbeing and 
the local economy. The report card assessment covers key 
areas such as governance, compliance, general business 
management, finance, risk, safety and volunteerism. 
There are more than 200 local not‑for‑profit organizations 
engaged with the Not for Profit House, all of which will 
have the opportunity to benefit from the report card 
assessment tool.
Canada
For more than two decades, we have worked with 
Indigenous‑owned businesses near our oil sands operation 
to develop local capacity. The Surmont project is close to 
three First Nations communities and four Métis organizations 
with whom ConocoPhillips regularly engages for business 
opportunities, a priority expressed by community leadership. 
The parties meet regularly though formalized business 
working groups to discuss:
• Local contracting capacity, capabilities and opportunities.
• Shared goals for local business benefits.
• Opportunities to support community values and vision.
At our Montney development, we launched an effort to 
promote the inclusion of Indigenous vendors at all stages 
of the supply chain to support a healthy contracting 
relationship with Indigenous communities near our 
operations. 
These efforts at both Surmont and Montney have increased 
economic participation in ConocoPhillips activities by 
Indigenous vendors and have bolstered our commitment to 
meaningful collaboration with Indigenous communities.
To address critical issues related to human rights and safety 
in our Canadian operating areas, ConocoPhillips supports 
Truckers Against Trafficking (TAT), a U.S.‑based non‑profit 
that helps combat human trafficking by bringing awareness 
to the issue and educating and mobilizing members of the 
transportation, truck stop and energy industries. In October 
2022, TAT and ConocoPhillips partnered to present a 
half‑day summit in Fort McMurray, Alberta to bring together 
key energy, trucking and truck stop industry stakeholders, 
with local, Indigenous, and provincial law enforcement and 
government agencies, to work together to combat human 
trafficking. The training featured a Human Trafficking 
101 presentation, information about training resources 
for energy, trucking and truck stop companies, and a 
presentation by a survivor‑leader and a law enforcement 
panel. The event provided an opportunity for oil sands 
companies, Indigenous communities, and other stakeholders 
to learn and collaboratively initiate solutions to prevent 
human trafficking in northeastern Alberta communities.
Malaysia
ConocoPhillips partnered with the Global Peace Foundation 
Malaysia, to improve living conditions for two villages of 
Indigenous Peoples in Sarawak and Sabah, benefiting over 
50 families.
The project in Sarawak helped the community in Kg. Muk 
Ayun, which is located in the Serian district, have better 
access to clean water. Due to the remote location of the 
village, residents depended on an old gravity feed water for 
their water supply. Leakages in the pipes and dam caused 
inconsistent water supply and some villages had to carry 
water from the lake during the dry season. To help improve 
access to clean water and provide basic sanitation for 
regular household needs, we worked with Global Peace to 
reconstruct the dam, lay a new piping system and install 
large water tanks and pipelines in the village.
The project in Sabah helped the community in Kg. Pitas 
Laut, which is located in the Kinabatangan district, have 
better access to clean drinking water and affordable energy. 
The community had previously been relying on a self‑dug 
pond for water and depending on generators to power 
their homes. We partnered with Global Peace and its onsite 
partner, Forever Sabah to help improve access to clean water 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
122
Social

by distributing household‑use water filters called Lifestraw 
Family Filters to villagers. We also provided affordable 
energy through solar electrification via the donation and 
delivery of Sun King solar systems. Training and monitoring 
were also carried out to ensure the communities knew how 
to use and maintain the equipment. 
Norway
ConocoPhillips Norway has a variety of social initiatives 
benefiting the local communities, including support to the 
Stavanger University Hospital’s NEEDED project, which 
provides lifesaving heart research. The aim of the NEEDED 
study is to discover heart disease earlier, so that severe heart 
illnesses and death can be avoided. Financial support from 
ConocoPhillips and others allowed NEEDED to open a heart 
research center in Sandnes.
U.S. Lower 48
Soliciting community input is critical to how we do business 
at ConocoPhillips. Since 2013, we have done this in a 
variety of ways including routine stakeholder forums with 
community leadership across the Lower 48.
Small Biz Builder
In 2022, a cross‑functional team from ConocoPhillips 
developed and implemented an entrepreneurial pilot 
program, the ConocoPhillips Small Biz Builder. The program 
fosters innovation for small business growth in the 
communities where we operate, work and live in the Permian 
Basin region in Texas and New Mexico. 
To foster an innovative, diverse and inclusive environment, 
ConocoPhillips partnered with LiftFund, a Community 
Development Financial Institution and Community 
Development Corporation, to provide equal opportunities 
for minorities, youth and women. Through the Small Biz 
Builder, any eligible applicant can learn how to establish a 
business idea or further grow their existing business through 
courses taught by LiftFund. Participants undergo several 
weeks of training, free of charge, and are granted special 
consideration for small business loans after graduation. 
The Small Biz Builder helps create a sustainable, robust 
business and entrepreneur support ecosystem. 
Read more about the Small Biz Builder.
ConocoPhillips partnered with the Global Peace Foundation 
Malaysia to improve living conditions for two villages of 
Indigenous Peoples in Sarawak and Sabah, providing better 
access to clean water and affordable energy.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
123
Social

Permian Strategic Partnership
ConocoPhillips is a member of the Permian Strategic 
Partnership (PSP), a coalition of energy companies working 
to address current and future challenges associated with oil 
and gas development in the region. In 2022, we continued 
our work with the Permian Basin Regional Planning 
Commission and other local charities to support local health, 
safety and education initiatives. 
• Cal Ripken STEM Centers: Cal Ripken and PSP partnered 
to launch a five‑year, $7 .5 million investment that will 
provide a new science, technology, engineering and math 
(STEM) centers for each of 134 elementary schools in the 
Permian Basin. 
• Permian Road Safety Coalition: The PSP and the Permian 
Road Safety Coalition partnered to invest $3.17 million 
to fund life‑saving equipment to first responders in 
26 counties across West Texas and Southeast New 
Mexico. This partnership builds upon the first round of this 
initiative which was previously funded by PSP in 2021 with 
a $1.1 million donation. 
• Energy Education and Workforce Innovation: This initiative 
supports the creation of comprehensive turnkey energy 
curriculum, and the accompanying resources, that link high 
school to post‑secondary training and/or college to align 
with industry employment needs in the Permian Basin.
• Permian Basin Behavioral Health Center: The design 
is anticipated to be completed summer 2023 with a 
two‑year construction plan for opening in summer 2025. 
This center aims to educate and train behavioral health 
professionals. 
• Odessa College Truck Driving Academy: PSP partnered 
with Odessa College to fund the expansion of its 
Commercial Driver License (CDL) training program to 
support 94 additional students annually, adding trucks, 
trailers, scholarships and instructors at the Odessa 
College campuses in Odessa, Pecos and Andrews. This 
initiative will address the significant shortage of skilled 
and certified CDL drivers in the Permian Basin. Over 65% 
of commercial vehicles in the Permian Basin are estimated 
to be out of compliance. 
Read more about how we are supporting community safety 
in the Permian Basin on our website. 
Globally
We support charities near our operations by funding 
programs that support education, civic and social services, 
arts, health and the environment.
Read more about how we are measuring social performance 
on our website.
Engaging employees
Our employees strive to improve the quality of life in the 
communities where we live and work. Examples include:
• In Canada, employees helped clean up a Calgary 
river pathway.
• Employees in China organized a Girls in STEM event,  
with 40 participants from four international schools. 
Leaders and students enjoyed conversations about the 
industry and potential career paths.
• Houston and Midland, Texas, employees participated in 
house builds for Habitat for Humanity.
• In the Bakken, employees volunteered their time 
at community clean‑up events in Dickinson and 
McKenzie County. 
• In Australia, employees continued to roll up their sleeves 
to help clean up the beaches with Reef Clean and 
Clean Up Australia. 
In Midland, ConocoPhillips employees 
volunteer at a Habitat for Humanity build.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
124
Social

2018-2022 CONTRIBUTIONS 
In Millions
$3.2 Australia/East Timor
$4.7 Canada
$2.9 Norway/United Kingdom
$132.4 Lower 48/Corporate
$6.9 Other
$26.6 Alaska 
$176.8
Due to rounding, some total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.
Global Giving
We contribute to the well‑being of the communities in which 
we operate through charitable giving, employee volunteerism 
and civic leadership. We believe the most effective charitable 
investments are made through strategic relationships with 
organizations dedicated to serving our communities, day in 
and day out.
In 2022, ConocoPhillips contributed $33.9 million to extend 
its charitable focus on our signature causes (math education 
and conservation), while also supporting local community 
needs and global humanitarian relief. An additional 
$2.3 million supported our university relations grants.
Key to academic and career success, math remains core to 
our work and is the central focus of our Houston Signature 
Program. In 2022, this program expanded support for high 
school mathematics education and student enrichment 
with new programs to reduce barriers faced by students 
in underserved communities and help bridge the gap from 
graduation to meaningful careers. Our employees hosted a 
OneGoal Corporate Career Day for high school students to 
share career insights and provide professional development 
resources. We also partnered with the Houston Texans on the 
Employees at a beach clean up 
on Australia's east coast.
Inspire Change grant initiative, which funds local nonprofits 
and educational programs that support racial equity and 
social justice.
At the college level, we expanded our relationship with 
Prairie View A&M University, a historically Black university, 
to enhance opportunities for undergraduate students 
interested in engineering and business analytics.  
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
125
Social

Our nearly $1.2 million multi-year gift will be used for a new 
state‑of‑the‑art engineering lab, scholarships and funding 
for new professors and academic support.
Wildlife habitat protection continued to be a key 
emphasis for our Global Signature Program promoting 
conservation. In May, we sponsored the Central Grasslands 
Roadmap summit, which brought together more than 200 
organizations representing the U.S., Canada, Mexico and 
Indigenous Peoples/First Nations in‑person for the first time 
to collectively identify and prioritize immediate actions to 
conserve and protect the central grasslands ecosystem, 
which spans more than 600 million acres and provides 
critical support for biodiversity, food security, water supply 
and climate resiliency. Our conservation efforts also 
supported seven migratory bird joint ventures, facilitating 
the preservation of more than 550,000 grassland acres in 
this region in 2022.
Honoring our commitment to be a good neighbor, we 
invested in communities across our global operations. For 
example, in Canada, we committed $500,000 to replace the 
helicopter fleet for the Shock Trauma Air Rescue Service 
Foundation (STARS), a nonprofit organization that provides 
rapid and specialized emergency care and transportation 
for critically ill patients. We were honored to receive the 
Outstanding CSR Project of 2022 award at the China 
Corporate Citizens Forum for our on‑going efforts to support 
children with congenital heart disease. In the U.S., we 
launched ConocoPhillips Small Biz Builder, a new program 
to promote entrepreneurism. In its inaugural year, 28 local 
businesses in the Permian Basin completed the program and 
received capital funding and training. 
We were deeply troubled and saddened by the escalating 
humanitarian crisis resulting from the war in Ukraine and 
donated more than $2.1 million toward humanitarian aid. 
Our company provided an additional $100,000 in disaster 
relief to assist local communities impacted by Typhoon 
Merbok in western Alaska and devastating wildfires in 
New Mexico. 
Beyond cash contributions and university relations we 
invested an additional $23.8 million for contractual 
contributions, sponsorships, social infrastructure donations, 
in‑kind donations and memberships.
Input and insight from business units are overlaid by 
uniform, global processes and policies to provide:
• Due diligence scrutiny of potential partners.
• Consistent project selection criteria and focus wherever 
we operate.
• Appropriate audits and document retention.
• Tracking and assessment of performance metrics and 
impact.
The global charitable investment budget is reviewed 
annually by the Executive Leadership Team and approved by 
the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee of the board.
2022 SOCIAL INVESTMENTS 
In Millions*
$57.7
$33.9 Cash Contributions
$0.4 In-Kind Donations
$12.0 Memberships
$7.4 Sponsorships
$2.3 University Relations
$1.5 Contractual Contributions
$0.2 Social Infrastructure
*Based on payments and annual business unit reporting.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
126
Social

2022 GLOBAL CHARITABLE INVESTMENTS SPEND
TOP 5 UN SDG s 
In Millions
#4 Quality Education
#11 Sustainable Cities and Communities
#1 No Poverty
#15 Life on Land
#16 Peace, Justice and Strong Institutions
All others combined
0% 5% 10% 15% 20% 25%
$6.7
$5.6
$5.5
$5.1
$2.7
$8.3
Due to rounding, total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.
Alignment with UN SDGs
The United Nations General Assembly has adopted 
17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) that set the global 
agenda for equitable, socially inclusive and environmentally 
sustainable economic development. Our core business of 
delivering energy to the world contributes directly to:
• Goal 7: Ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable 
and modern energy for all.
We are working with Ipieca, the global oil and gas industry association for environmental and social issues, on the role the oil 
and gas industry can most effectively play to support the achievement of the globally endorsed framework of the UN SDGs. 
• Goal 8: Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable 
economic growth, full and productive employment and 
decent work for all.
Many of our business and community investment activities 
support other goals related to education, poverty and good 
health. Our 2022 global charitable investments supported 
the following UN SDGs:
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
127
Social

Valuing Human 
Rights
ConocoPhillips is committed to respecting human rights. 
We recognize the dignity of all human beings, and our core 
values embrace these inalienable rights: for all people 
to live their lives free from social, political or economic 
discrimination or abuse. Our approach is consistent with the 
human rights philosophies expressed in the following global 
frameworks:
• Universal Declaration of Human Rights
• United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights
• International Labour Organization Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work
• Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights
This includes the core labor standards related to 
nondiscrimination, freedom of association, right to collective 
bargaining, and avoiding the use of forced or child labor. We 
perform high‑level human rights risk assessments on our 
global operations to identify countries for deeper evaluation of 
potential human rights issues. Key areas considered include:
• Security and human rights.
• Land rights and relocation.
• Land use.
• Indigenous Peoples issues and rights.
• Company and supplier labor standards.
• Access to water.
• Cultural heritage.
• Vulnerable groups.
Our intent regarding human rights is also reflected in our 
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct, and our health, safety 
and environment policy and supplier expectations set the 
standards of behavior and human rights commitments for 
our people, as well as contractors, suppliers and others who 
perform work for ConocoPhillips. Read our updated Human 
Rights Position on our website.
Business units assess and manage human rights risks. 
If our operations identify potential human rights concerns, 
engagement plans and specific actions to manage and 
mitigate that risk are developed through engagement 
with the community or other stakeholders. Business 
units communicate and engage communities and their 
representatives on how to contact the company and how 
to address any concerns or grievances. In addition, all 
interested stakeholders may access the ConocoPhillips 
Ethics Helpline to report a potential violation of our Code of 
Business Ethics and Conduct, which is publicly available on 
our website.
Respecting Indigenous Peoples
We recognize and respect the choice of Indigenous 
communities to live as distinct peoples, with their own 
cultures and relationships to the land. Wherever our 
operations neighbor with Indigenous communities, we seek 
to partner and engage to seek mutually beneficial solutions 
and maximize social and economic benefits. Areas where 
we explore or operate near these communities include the 
United States, Canada and Australia. Our engagement with 
Indigenous communities in those locations is consistent 
with the principles of the International Labour Organization 
Convention 169 concerning Indigenous and Tribal Peoples, 
and the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of 
Indigenous Peoples. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
128
Social

Our relationships are governed by national laws of the 
countries in which we are working, our social performance 
guidance, our own positions on sustainable development and 
human rights, and our core SPIRIT Values of Safety, People, 
Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork. 
When engaging with Indigenous stakeholders, we seek first 
to understand their social values, cultures and traditions, as 
well as their expectations and preferences for dialogue and 
dispute resolution. Our consultations consider traditional 
land use information and community interests, goals 
and perspectives on environmental, social and economic 
topics. We engage with Indigenous communities at the 
regional, local and individual levels by meeting regularly 
with regional governments, community associations, 
local leaders and community residents. Our stakeholder 
engagement professionals work closely with our asset 
and operations teams to guide discussions and facilitate 
cooperation with Indigenous Peoples to address potential 
operational impacts on the community. Wherever we engage 
with Indigenous communities, we pursue opportunities to 
support economic development consistent with Indigenous 
cultures and community development plans. In some cases, 
the engagement and consultation may be guided by a formal 
agreement with the Indigenous community. 
We seek to honor and understand the culture of Indigenous 
communities near our operations so that we know how to 
properly demonstrate respect in our relationships. Some 
of our larger business units provide cultural awareness 
training. In many cases, our stakeholder engagement 
leaders and business leaders will educate themselves 
through mentors in the Indigenous community or through 
the help of local experts. 
Human Rights Training and 
Awareness
ConocoPhillips continues to offer a human rights training 
course which incorporates Ipieca's guidance on human rights 
training and includes a module on security and human rights. 
The training has been rolled out globally via a computer‑
based module to our stakeholder engagement practitioners 
and other operations staff and management as appropriate 
based on location.
Voluntary Principles on Security 
and Human Rights
We drive collective action to address security and human 
rights issues through engagement with government, NGO 
and other business stakeholders in the Voluntary Principles 
on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR). We have been 
a member of the VPSHR initiative since its inception in 
2000. Our social performance guidance directs our VPSHR 
implementation and our annual report to the VPSHR details 
our current practices as well as provides updates for 
previous years.
We continue to conduct regular VPSHR training of security 
providers in priority countries for security and human rights 
issues. Security personnel and community engagement 
practitioners, including contractors, complete corporate 
human rights training on the VPSHR on an annual basis. 
All contract security organizations are required to provide 
VPSHR training to their employees and comply with the 
principles. Training is also provided for the ConocoPhillips 
workforce as part of the onboarding process when relevant 
to working in field locations.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
129
Social

Valuing Our People
Our strategy, performance, culture and reputation are fueled by our world‑class 
workforce. The diverse people of ConocoPhillips have always been the heart of our 
company and the success of our business. We recognize that attracting and developing 
talent is a competitive imperative within our changing industry. At year‑end 2022, we had 
approximately 9,500 employees in 13 countries. Read more about our workforce metrics.
TOTAL 
HEADCOUNT
~9,500
WOMEN U.S. POC* 
27% 30%
WOMEN 
HIRES
U.S. POC*
HIRES
29% 41%
UNIVERSITY 
HIRES
8%
VOLUNTARY 
ATTRITION
5.6%
As of Dec. 31, 2022
* People of Color (POC)
BY THE NUMBERS
COUNTRIES
OF OPERATION
13
U.S. 
POPULATION
66%
AVERAGE YEARS  
OF EXPERIENCE
17.5
AVERAGE YEARS  
OF SERVICE
10.9
EMPLOYEES 
PROMOTED
19%
AVERAGE TR AINING HOURS 
PER EMPLOYEE
18.4
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
130
Valuing Our People

We depend on our workforce to successfully execute our 
company’s strategy, so it is imperative that we create a 
workplace in which our people feel valued. Our Executive 
Leadership Team (ELT) and Board of Directors play a key 
role in setting our Human Capital Management (HCM) 
strategy and driving accountability for meaningful progress. 
Our SPIRIT Values set the foundation for our HCM strategy, 
and our HCM programs are built around three pillars that we 
believe are necessary for HCM success. The three pillars are: 
a compelling culture, a world‑class workforce and strong 
external engagement. Key actions and progress against 
pillars are described in more detail below:
A Compelling  
Culture
• SPIRIT Values guide everything we do.
• Annual Perspectives employee 
engagement survey used to establish 
meaningful cultural action plans tied to 
employee feedback.
• A dedicated diversity, equity and inclusion 
(DEI) organization aligning strategic 
actions with DEI pillars: people, programs 
and processes, culture, and our external 
brand and reputation.
• Data analytics leveraged to track key 
workforce/engagement metrics through 
transparent dashboards.
• Internal and external best practices 
leveraged to support/offer different ways 
of working through hybrid work programs.
• Implemented several office improvement 
and integration projects to enhance 
employees’ workplace experience.
• Safely welcomed employees back to 
global offices that had an extended 
shutdown due to COVID‑19.
A World-Class 
Workforce
• Consistent recruitment and selection 
practices that minimize bias.
• Robust succession planning, 
including diverse pipelines.
• Hands‑on global Talent Management 
Teams (TMTs) guiding employee 
development.
• Real‑time monetary and 
non‑monetary recognition programs.
• Competitive, performance‑based 
compensation packages; global 
equitable pay practices.
• Compensation programs linking 
individual and company performance.
• Inclusive global benefits informed 
by external market practices and 
employee needs and feedback.
• Global wellness programs addressing 
physical and mental well‑being.
• Expanded benefits to support 
families.
External  
Engagement
• Published our 2018-2021 EEO-1 
reports and our HCM report 
externally, as well as expanded 
external disclosures.
• Actively partnering with trade 
associations and minority nonprofit 
organizations.
• Recognized by Human Rights 
Campaign’s 2022 Corporate Equality 
Index; score of 100 for multiple years.
• Significant long‑standing 
partnerships with universities to 
build external pipelines; increasing 
partnerships with Historically Black 
Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) 
and Hispanic‑serving institutions.
• A strategic process for allocating 
university contributions budget 
to invest in strengthening and 
expanding our future talent pools, 
which includes giving to programs 
that advance DEI.
TOTAL 
HEADCOUNT
~9,500
WOMEN U.S. POC* 
27% 30%
WOMEN 
HIRES
U.S. POC*
HIRES
29% 41%
UNIVERSITY 
HIRES
8%
VOLUNTARY 
ATTRITION
5.6%
As of Dec. 31, 2022
* People of Color (POC)
BY THE NUMBERS
COUNTRIES
OF OPERATION
13
U.S. 
POPULATION
66%
AVERAGE YEARS  
OF EXPERIENCE
17.5
AVERAGE YEARS  
OF SERVICE
10.9
EMPLOYEES 
PROMOTED
19%
AVERAGE TR AINING HOURS 
PER EMPLOYEE
18.4
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
131
Valuing Our People

GLOBAL REPRESENTATION
2022 GLOBAL EMPLOYEE TRAINING 
5.6%
All Employees
5.0%
Women
5.9%
Men
Women Men
2022
2021
2020 8.9%
6.9%
18.9%
13.7%
24.0%
17.3%
GLOBAL VOLUNTARY ATTRITION
$1,071
AVERAGE AMOUN T 
SPENT PE R EM PLOYEE
ON TRA INING
23.1
HOURS /
PETROTECHNICAL 
EMPLOYEE
OF MEN A RE 
LEADERS
17.7%
OF WOMEN AR E 
LEADERS
16.1%
WOMEN AVERAGE YEA RS 
OF SE RVICE
AVERAGE Y EARS 
OF EXPERIEN CE
27.1% 10.9 17.5
GLOBAL 
HEADCOUNT
~9,500
PERCENTAGE OF GLOBAL PROMOTIONS 
BY MEN AND WOMEN
Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022. Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population.
GLOBAL REPRESENTATION
2022 GLOBAL EMPLOYEE TRAINING 
5.6%
All Employees
5.0%
Women
5.9%
Men
Women Men
2022
2021
2020 8.9%
6.9%
18.9%
13.7%
24.0%
17.3%
GLOBAL VOLUNTARY ATTRITION
$1,071
AVERAGE AMOUN T 
SPENT PE R EM PLOYEE
ON TRA INING
23.1
HOURS /
PETROTECHNICAL 
EMPLOYEE
OF MEN A RE 
LEADERS
17.7%
OF WOMEN AR E 
LEADERS
16.1%
WOMEN AVERAGE YEA RS 
OF SE RVICE
AVERAGE Y EARS 
OF EXPERIEN CE
27.1% 10.9 17.5
GLOBAL 
HEADCOUNT
~9,500
PERCENTAGE OF GLOBAL PROMOTIONS 
BY MEN AND WOMEN
Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022. Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
132
Valuing Our People

6.4%
All employees
5.7%
POC
6.7%
White
2020
2021
2022
4.1% 2.6% 6.7% 10.5% 0.3% 0.7%
3.8% 2.2% 6.1% 14.7% 0.2% 1.0% 
4.2% 2.4% 6.3% 15.6% 0.3% 1.4%
Black/African American American Indian/Alaska Native Asian Hispanic Native Hawaiian/Paciﬁc Islander Two+ Races
2022
2021
2020
POC White
16.8%
19.0%
7.6%
8.2%
23.1%
23.1%
U.S.  LEADERSHIP BY RACE/ETHNICITY
U.S.  PEOPLE OF COLOR (POC) BY RACE/ETHNICITY
U.S.  VOLUNTARY ATTRITION
U.S. REPRESENTATION
U.S. 
EMPLOYEES 65.5% WOMEN28.8% POC30.1% VETERANS6.0% 5.1% PEOPLE WITH 
DISABILITIES
PERCENTAGE OF PROMOTIONS
IN U.S.  BY RACE/ETHNICITY
Employee data based on active employees as of Dec. 31, 2022. Promotion metrics are calculated relative to a corresponding population. 
2022 U.S. leaders by race/ethnicity based on the represented population at ConocoPhillips.
AMERICAN 
INDIA N/
ALASKA 
NATIVE
16.1%
HISPANIC
11.2%
NATIVE 
HAWAIIAN/
PACIFIC 
ISLANDE R
12.5%
BLACK/
AFRICAN 
AMERICAN15.7%
ASIAN
12.6%
TWO+ 
RACES
18.4%
WHITE  
18.6%
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
133
Valuing Our People

A Compelling Culture
How we do our work sets us apart and drives our 
performance. We’re experts in what we do and continuously 
find ways to do our jobs better. Together, we deliver strong 
performance, but never at all costs. We embrace core 
cultural attributes that are shared by everyone, everywhere. 
Our SPIRIT Values — Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, 
Innovation, and Teamwork — set us apart, align our 
workforce and provide a foundation for our culture.
“We have an organization that 
has very high integrity; it’s very 
collaborative; we have mutual respect 
for one another and there’s open and 
transparent communication. This just 
makes it a great place to work.” 
—  David Hendicott, general manager, Europe & North Africa
R
RESPONSIBILITY
We are accountable  
for our actions.  
We care about our  
neighbors. 
Sustainability is 
core to our company 
and creates shared 
value for our 
stakeholders.
S
SAFETY
No task is so 
important that we 
can’t take the time  
to do it safely.  
A safe company  
is a successful  
company.
P
PEOPLE
We respect one 
another. We 
recognize that our 
success depends 
upon the capabilities 
and inclusion of our 
employees. We value 
different voices  
and opinions.
I
INTEGRITY
We are ethical  
and trustworthy 
in our relationships 
with internal and  
external 
stakeholders.
We keep our 
promises.
I
INNOV ATION
We anticipate change 
and respond with  
creative solutions.  
We are responsive to  
the changing needs 
of the industry. We 
embrace learning.  
We are not afraid to 
try new things.
TEAMWORK
T
We have a “can do” 
attitude that inspires 
top performance  
from everyone. 
We encourage 
collaboration. We 
celebrate success. 
We win together.
OUR SPIRIT VALUES
The long and illustrious history of ConocoPhillips 
spans more than 100 years, and is filled with 
fascinating chapters, momentous discoveries, and 
groundbreaking innovations. In 2012, after splitting 
our then‑integrated oil and gas company into two 
independent companies, we set a vision to be the E&P 
company of choice for all stakeholders. We’ve now 
emerged from this transformative decade a stronger, 
more resilient company.
Through it all, we’ve been guided by our SPIRIT Values 
and our “Who We Are” culture. Our success and role as 
the leading E&P company is a testament to the many 
valuable contributions of our workforce. Together, 
we have focused on operating safely, given back 
to our communities, helped our colleagues rebuild 
after natural disasters, challenged each other to try 
new things, and celebrated individual and shared 
successes. These attributes define who we are and 
set ConocoPhillips apart from our competition. 
We believe we have the best people, portfolio, and 
value proposition in the industry, which makes us 
built to perform over the long term, and we are ready 
to take on the future. Read more on spiritnow.
Celebrating 10 Years as an Independent 
Exploration & Production Company
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
134
Valuing Our People

Advancing our Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 
Journey
As our industry evolves, we’ll continue to face both new 
opportunities and challenges. So, we’ll need the best and 
brightest people who bring passion and excitement for 
solving important problems. We also need to cultivate an 
environment where everyone is encouraged and able to 
contribute — no matter their role, level or location. This is how 
innovation thrives, leading to better business outcomes. That 
is why we’ve put an emphasis on — and are committed to — 
elevating DEI and creating a great place to work. 
At ConocoPhillips, we believe our unique differences power 
the future of energy. Our DEI vision is to foster an inclusive 
culture that values the rich mixture of backgrounds, 
identities and workstyles that our employees possess. 
Our programs are built on equitable practices that 
support all employees in unlocking their full potential. Our 
commitment to DEI is foundational to our SPIRIT Values 
and to achieving our business objectives. All employees 
play a part in creating and sustaining an inclusive work 
environment that benefits everyone. 
WOMEN
U.S.-BASED
LEADERS
U.S. POC
GLOBAL  
LEADERS
43%
79%
57%
21%
Our DEI Council Representation  OUR DEI COUNCIL REPRESENTATION
A source of great pride among employees, ConocoPhillips offices play an integral role in the company’s 
culture and identity, their design and functionality establishing an atmosphere of productivity and 
collaboration. In 2022, Human Resources and the Real Estate & Facilities Services teams implemented 
several office improvement and integration projects to enhance employees’ workplace experience.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
135
Valuing Our People

DEI PILLARS
Our people are 
how we advance 
diversity through 
representation.
We enhance our 
employee experience 
by ensuring equity in 
how we attract, develop 
and retain employees. 
Valuing and inviting 
diverse perspectives 
creates an inclusive 
environment and 
fosters a culture of 
belonging.
Highlighting our journey 
fosters a sense of pride 
and encourages the 
industry to push the 
status quo. 
Leadership is the single biggest determinant of DEI success. 
The ELT has ultimate accountability for advancing our DEI 
commitments through a governance structure that includes 
a Chief Diversity Officer (CDO), a dedicated DEI organization, 
and a global DEI Council consisting of senior leaders from 
across the company. All company leaders are accountable 
for advancing DEI through local efforts. Our DEI efforts and 
progress are regularly reviewed with the board. 
Learn more about our DEI journey from our previous Human 
Capital Management Reports.
In 2022, we welcomed our new CDO. Over the course of 
the year, the CDO established the DEI organization and 
embarked on a global listening tour to understand the 
impact of current efforts, areas for improvement, and the 
overall employee experience. Based on the insights and 
perspectives from employees, the company’s DEI strategy 
was refreshed, inclusive of four focus areas: people, 
programs and processes, culture, and our external brand 
and reputation.
Highlights from our 2022 DEI accomplishments include:
• Reviewing the results of the 2022 Perspectives survey and 
continuing to integrate the insights into our DEI efforts.
• Staffing the newly established DEI organization.
• Launching our DEI Dashboards 2.0 internally, which 
feature expanded global and U.S. workforce metrics and 
industry benchmark data. 
• Completing a bias audit of our hiring processes.
• Hosting our inaugural Black Leadership Symposium to 
support future leadership diversity in the company.
• Having 45 leaders and employees participate in 
Catalyst’s Men Advocating Real Change (MARC) 
Program and extending invites to ConocoPhillips ‑hosted 
workshops in Houston and Midland to industry peers and 
other companies.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
136
Valuing Our People

In April 2022, Natacha Buchanan joined 
ConocoPhillips as our first Chief Diversity Officer. 
She brings 20 years of Finance and HR experience 
from her previous roles at ConocoPhillips and 
Phillips 66, including four years leading DEI efforts. 
In this newly created position, Buchanan serves 
on the Leadership Forum, a group comprised of 
the company’s top senior leaders, leads the global 
DEI Council and oversees a team responsible for 
executing the company’s DEI strategy. 
Introducing Our CDO
“One of the things that attracted me the most to 
join ConocoPhillips was its visible commitment 
to progress. I was impressed by how the 
company was moving the needle through the 
collective work of employees, leaders, employee 
resource groups and councils. We have a great 
opportunity to build on this solid DEI foundation 
with an organization now dedicated full-time 
to advancing DEI to benefit all employees,” 
said Buchanan.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
137
Valuing Our People

Inaugural Black 
Leadership Symposium
Our Black Employee Network of Houston hosted its 
inaugural Black Leadership Symposium at ConocoPhillips 
headquarters in March 2022. The symposium was designed 
to support and develop emerging Black leaders at 
ConocoPhillips.
Sessions led both by members of the ConocoPhillips ELT 
and Board of Directors, as well as external speakers, were 
focused on growing functional knowledge of the business, 
cultivating strong relationships through networking 
and developing a leadership mindset. Speakers also 
addressed topics through the lens of Black corporate 
experiences, such as discussing the level of trust and 
vulnerability needed to thrive as a minority, and how to 
identify and manage exclusionary behaviors.
The symposium will be held annually with a refreshed 
group of cohorts. This also marks an important 
milestone on our collective DEI journey as a deliberate 
and targeted investment to ensure we close our 
leadership parity gap by achieving a robust pipeline of 
diverse leaders in the future.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
138
Valuing Our People

Measuring our Progress
We are committed to being transparent as we build a more 
diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace, and we monitor 
employee engagement survey results and diversity metrics 
on a global basis. The DEI organization, in conjunction 
with the ELT, reviews diversity metrics and identifies the 
appropriate plans and priorities to address our trends.
Starting in 2019, we began internal publication of our first 
DEI dashboards, which contained multi‑year trends of key 
DEI statistics for our global and U.S. employees. These 
dashboards are updated annually. In 2022, we published 
the second edition of our internal DEI Dashboards with an 
expanded view of our global and U.S. workforce metrics. 
The new dashboards show workforce data outside the U.S. 
and industry benchmark data to help compare our internal 
metrics against those of our peers. Externally, we publish our 
workforce metrics and HCM disclosures in our Consolidated 
EEO‑1 Reports, Sustainability Report and Human Capital 
Management Report.
You can find our workforce metrics in the Performance 
Metrics and key trends below:
+6
2018–20222018–2022 2018–2022
+3
2018–2022
+6
2018–2022 2018–2022
+5
2018–2022
+5
2018–2022
+5
2018–2022
+7
PROGRESS IN GLOBAL REPRESENTATION 
OF WOMEN 
FROM 2018 TO 2022
PROGRESS IN REPRESENTATION 
OF U.S. PEOPLE OF COLOR 
FROM 2018 TO 2022
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
+4
2018–2022
Employees
Percentage
Points (PP)
PP
Professionals All
Leaders
Junior
Leaders 1
Top
Leaders 2
Employees Professionals All
Leaders
 Junior
Leaders 1
Top
Leaders 2
Percent
Percent
+2+1
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
PP
PP
PP
PP
PP
PP
PP
PP
1 Junior leader is defined as front-line supervisors, typically recognized within the company for expertise and technical leadership within a discipline.
2 Top leader is defined as high-level leaders typically responsible for enterprise/business unit goals, strategies and cross-discipline organizations.
“You can see me thriving, and that will 
provide a role model for so many others who 
are underrepresented or underestimated. 
I’m a good example that illustrates 
ConocoPhillips’ commitment to creating a 
diverse and inclusive workforce with access 
to great opportunities to excel.” 
—  Tuba Khawaja, Finance, Planning and Analysis Director,  
Low Carbon Technologies
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
139
Valuing Our People

You can find our workforce metrics in the Performance 
Metrics and key trends below:
The ConocoPhillips Perspectives survey is our primary 
listening platform for gathering feedback on employee 
sentiment to measure incremental year‑over‑year progress 
on DEI. The five questions we use to track DEI in the survey 
focus on the topics of belonging, inclusion, diversity 
progress, equal opportunity and psychological safety.
Overall, our 2022 scores showed improvement year over 
year. The DEI organization reviews insights gained from 
the DEI‑specific scores, comments and feedback through 
various demographic filters and uses findings to validate 
and/or evolve our multi‑year DEI priorities and actions. 
We also recognize that while progress has been made, we 
lag our external benchmark in some areas and still have 
significant work to do. 
DEI Questions 2022 2023 2023 Scores vs.
External Benchmark
I feel free to speak my mind without fear 
of negative consequences. 76 78 Exceeds
We are making progress on diversity, equity 
and inclusion at ConocoPhillips. 70 74 Not Available*
I feel a sense of belonging 
at ConocoPhillips. 69 73 At Benchmark
Regardless of background, everyone at 
ConocoPhillips has an equal opportunity to succeed. 66 70 Below
Leaders at ConocoPhillips value 
different perspectives. 66 69 Below
*No external benchmark available as this is a customized question for our company.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
140
Valuing Our People

U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Reports 
We are committed to publicly disclosing ConocoPhillips’ 
Consolidated EEO‑1 Report on a voluntary basis. The report 
characterizes ConocoPhillips’ U.S. workforce by race, 
ethnicity and gender across job categories established by 
the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). 
Our U.S. workforce breakdown is included below.
ConocoPhillips’ EEO‑1 reports for the last three years: 
• 2021 EEO-1 Report 
• 2020 EEO-1 Report 
• 2019 EE0-1 Report 
Additional details on EEO reports are available on the 
EEOC website.
2022 U.S. 
Representation 
by Race/
Ethnicity
U.S. VETERANS
6.0%
PEOPLE WITH 
DISABILITIES5.1%
69.7%  White
0.3%  Native Hawaiian/
Paciﬁc Islander
0.1%  Undisclosed
15.6%  Hispanic
4.2%  Black/African American
6.3% Asian
1.4%  Two+ Races
2.4%  American Indian/
Alaska Native
ConocoPhillips prepares its EEO-1 reports based on strict guidelines issued by the EEOC. Data may not equal 100% due to rounding.
External Recognition
While we have been recognized for our DEI efforts, 
we know that it takes ongoing commitment to make 
sustainable progress. So, we continue to provide training, 
build awareness and reinforce accountability at all levels of 
the organization. We focus on behaviors and processes that 
build an environment where everyone has the opportunity 
to succeed.
The Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index 
recognized us in 2022 for our commitment to lesbian, gay, 
bisexual and transgender equality in the workplace with 
a score of 100. Additionally, we were recognized as one of 
Forbes’ 2022 World’s Top Female‑Friendly Companies (#21) 
and Fortune’s 2023 World’s Most Admired Companies. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
141
Valuing Our People

A World-Class 
Workforce
Attraction and Retention
Our continued success requires a strong global workforce that 
can contribute the right skills, in the right places, to achieve 
our strategic objectives. We offer university internships across 
multiple disciplines to attract the best early‑career talent. We 
also recruit experienced hires to fill critical skills and maintain 
a broad range of expertise and experience.
Our voluntary attrition rate in 2022 was 5.6%. We monitor 
our voluntary attrition rate on a weekly basis and seek 
to understand trends that may be driving attrition. This 
includes reviewing qualitative feedback from exit interviews 
and periodically analyzing the data through different 
demographics filters (e.g., gender and U.S. POC) for trends. 
Global Hires 
by Function
28% Engineering 
and Geoscience
32% Business
40% Field
2022 
U.S. Hires
OF GLOBAL HIRES
WERE WOMEN 29%
OF U.S. HIRES
IN 2022 WERE 
PEOPLE OF COLOR41%
59.2% White
0.5% Undisclosed
0.5%  Native Hawaiian/
Paciﬁc Islander
7 .4% Black/
African 
American
6.8% Asian
2.4% Two+ Races
2.2%  American Indian/
Alaska Native
Data may not equal 100% due to rounding.
21.2% Hispanic
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
142
Valuing Our People

Inclusive Hiring 
We believe that our workforce should reflect the 
communities in which we live and work. To ensure our 
workforce reflects the diversity of external talent pools, 
we leverage data analytics and other key business 
drivers to evaluate and optimize our experienced hire 
recruiting strategies. 
We continually strive to ensure equitable practices in every 
aspect of our recruitment process, from drafting inclusive 
job descriptions to using intentionally diverse interview 
panels, to be able to attract a broad pipeline of candidates.
• We use an established internal business process for 
auditing each step of our sourcing, recruitment and 
selection processes to mitigate the potential for bias in 
our decisions. 
• In the U.S., an experienced hire dashboard was 
developed to observe the diversity composition of the 
candidate pool from application to offer.
• We use an innovative writing platform to help us 
remove any biased language and unconscious barriers 
to attracting top candidates from job postings. 
• To continue broadening our pipeline of talent, we 
leverage various platforms to promote open positions. 
For example, we work to connect with veterans 
and individuals with disabilities who want to find 
employment with an inclusive employer and ensure 
job postings are promoted through a variety of diverse 
organizations. 
• In the U.S., hiring veterans is a key element of our 
talent strategy. Veterans currently represent 6% of our 
employee workforce.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
143
Valuing Our People

2022 DIVERSITY OF U.S. INTERNS 
AND UNIVERSITY HIRES
INTERNS:
UNIVERSITY HIRES: 
%43
WOMEN
%38
WOMEN
40%
POC
%40
POC
U.S. Internship Program
Bringing new people with fresh ideas into our company is 
vital to our future. We take enormous pride in our Summer 
Internship Program, which strives to offer a compelling, 
hands‑on experience. We provide interns with challenging 
assignments, knowledgeable mentors and engaging 
activities to help them grow their skills and network. 
The relationship between the company and the universities 
we support is important. We invest in strengthening our 
future workforce by making financial contributions to 
19 universities, including giving to programs that aid in 
expanding the pipeline of talent into our industry through 
DEI efforts. In 2022, we allocated 42% of our contributions 
in service of DEI advancement. 
To attract top talent for full‑time positions and summer 
internships, we recruit from numerous universities in the 
U.S. By attending conferences and recruiting at Hispanic‑
serving institutions like the University of Houston and 
HBCUs like Prairie View A&M University, we are able 
to broaden the diversity of our talent pool. We also 
partner with diverse organizations such as the National 
Society of Black Engineers, the National Association 
of Black Geoscientists, the National Association 
of Black Accountants, and INROADS, a nonprofit 
committed to leadership and career development for 
underrepresented talent.
To help track and monitor progress on the diversity 
of our university hires and interns, we utilize a data 
analytics dashboard to provide insights into the diversity 
of university talent pools, as well as visibility into the 
diversity representation throughout our recruiting process, 
from application to offer. This data also helps us monitor 
acceptance and intern conversion rates and enables us 
to make informed, data‑driven decisions regarding our 
university contributions each year.
Company leaders host various discussions with interns throughout the summer to provide opportunities to learn more about the 
company, oil and gas industry and key focus areas such as sustainability and the energy transition.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
144
Valuing Our People

60.3% White
7.9% Hispanic
15.9%  Black/
African American
9.5% Asian
3.2%  Two+ Races3.2% American Indian/
Alaska Native
*Acceptance and conversion rates are calculated by dividing accepted offers by the total 
number of offers made to U.S. university students or interns in 2022.
2022
U.S. University 
Hires
OUR 2022 U.S. INTERNSHIP PROGRAM BY THE NUMBERS
CONVERSION 
RATE OF INTERNS 
TO HIRES 77%
70%
68%
U.S. UNIVERSITY 
HIRES 
U.S. 
INTERNS 
2022 Job and Internship 
Acceptance Rates*  
by U.S. University Students
*Acceptance and conversion rates are calculated by dividing accepted offers by the total number of offers made to U.S. university students or interns in 2022.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
145
Valuing Our People

Employee Engagement  
and Development 
Investing in our employees is good business, improves our 
company’s performance and strengthens our employee 
engagement. We approach talent development and 
succession planning with the same rigor that we apply to 
our business strategy. We seek to attract, develop and retain 
employees through a combination of on‑the‑job learning, 
formal training, and regular feedback and mentoring.
Employee Feedback 
Surveys
Taking steps to measure and assess employee satisfaction 
and engagement is at the heart of long‑term business 
success and creating a great place to work for our global 
workforce. Since 2019, the ConocoPhillips Perspectives 
survey has become our primary listening platform 
for gathering feedback on employee sentiment and 
strengthening our culture. Leaders analyze the survey data 
and comments and identify focus areas for action, striving 
for incremental year‑over‑year progress on results. Our 
employee feedback strategy is comprised of an annual 
engagement survey and shorter pulse surveys as needed. 
We launched our latest survey in January 2023. We asked 
25 questions on topics relevant to the health and long‑term 
success of our organization, such as engagement, DEI, 
SPIRIT Values, company strategy, career development, 
leadership and well‑being. We had a participation rate of 
84% and received over 15,000 written comments from 
employees around the globe. It’s encouraging to see all 
our scores improved year over year, including employee 
satisfaction (eSat) which increased from 75 to 79, and is 
higher than both the oil and gas and global benchmarks 
provided by our third‑party survey provider. Leaders will 
analyze organizational results and set key focus areas for 
relevant actions for their groups.
79
EMPLOYEE
SATISFACTION 
SCORE
80
%
WOULD RECOMMEND 
CONOCOPHILLIPS AS 
A GREAT PLACE TO WORK
84
%
GLOBAL 
PARTICIPATION 
RATE
~ 15,000
WRITTEN 
COMMENTS
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
146
Valuing Our People

Leveling up: Development Series fosters a culture 
of learning, gives employees a chance to upskill 
Career Development
We empower our employees to grow their careers through 
personal and professional development opportunities. 
Employees can identify opportunities for growth through a 
series of career management tools that help an employee 
plan out their short‑  and long‑term career goals and enable 
meaningful career conversations with their supervisors, such 
as individual development plans and 360 assessments.
In the 2022 Perspectives survey, we asked for and received 
feedback from employees on career development at 
ConocoPhillips. That feedback has been a launching pad for 
a multi‑year project designed to redefine the critical career 
development pathways for employees in achieving their 
career goals at ConocoPhillips. In order to attract, retain and 
develop the workforce of the future, we are setting out to 
transparently address the most important career choices for 
employees to help them maximize their career potential.
Last year, we also hosted a three‑week development 
series across our U.S. locations, featuring 39 in‑person and 
virtual presentations, panel discussions and networking 
opportunities and attended by more than 4,000 employees. 
Employees participated in live and virtual workshops, panel 
discussions and training sessions that touched on key topics 
related to life, career and the company.
Our 2022 Development Series learning event featured 
a specially curated selection of learning opportunities 
for employees. The three-week program was composed 
of informative workshops, panel discussions and 
training sessions led by internal and external experts, 
and encompassed a variety of topics designed to fuel 
workplace productivity, enhance business acumen and 
understanding of the company’s inner workings, and 
support our employees’ well-being. 
More than 4,000 employees across the United States 
were supported in their learning journey through the 
Development Series. Read more on spiritnow about 
employee insights gained and opportunities realized.
“Our Development 
Series is designed to 
drive our performance 
and help us create 
a workplace where 
our people can 
grow professionally 
and personally.”
— Heather Hrap, senior vice president, Human 
Resources and Real Estate & Facility Services
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
147
Valuing Our People

Talent Management 
Teams
Skills‑based Talent Management Teams (TMTs), made 
up of senior representatives from business units and 
corporate functions, guide employee development and 
career progression by discipline (e.g., Geoscience, Finance 
and Global Production) and location. TMTs help identify our 
future business needs and assess the availability of critical 
skill sets within the company. They also play a vital role in 
ensuring the integrity and equity in our talent practices 
and succession planning. Since 2021, a number of steps 
have been taken to further embed DEI into our core talent 
processes and bring TMTs together across disciplines 
to share best practices for engaging and developing key 
segments of our workforce:
• TMT leadership is reviewed annually to ensure that the 
teams are diverse (e.g., gender, location, race/ethnicity) 
and authentically represent the broad discipline employee 
population.
• TMTs engage in an annual cadence to review the depth 
and diversity of succession benches to ensure consistency 
and equity in our succession strategies. 
“How we work to manage global talent 
pools through TMTs is differential for 
our company. TMTs help employees 
bridge the gap between having a 
job and having a career. We prepare 
employees for their next role and 
work collectively to facilitate those 
opportunities. At an enterprise 
level, we evaluate the skills needed 
by discipline as our industry 
continues to evolve. Across all TMTs, 
together we share best practices to 
help maximize impact and enable 
consistency.” 
—  Dave Mabee, general manager, Reservoir Engineering  
and Reservoir Engineering TMT Lead 
• Dashboards of demographic metrics are utilized by TMTs 
to mitigate bias. 
• TMTs are aligned to common DEI goals that are reviewed 
and updated to ensure continued progress on equitable 
talent strategies.
• TMTs across all disciplines come together on a quarterly 
basis to knowledge share on common talent challenges 
and spotlight best practices and approaches to 
developing their talent pipeline.
Succession Planning
Succession planning is a top priority for management 
and the board. Leaders at all levels review Individual 
Development Plans, provide feedback and facilitate career 
conversations on an ongoing basis to ensure that employees 
can reach their full potential. Annually, business leaders and 
TMTs meet to review succession benches, calibrate talent 
and provide recommendations to executive leadership and 
the board to ready our succession candidates for future 
leadership roles and promote business continuity.
Formal Training
In 2022, our employees completed more than 175,200 hours 
of virtual and in‑person training on topics ranging from 
technical to professional development (an average of 
18.4 hours per employee). We provide numerous training 
and development offerings to equip our workforce, our 
hiring managers and our leaders with the skills, knowledge 
and self‑awareness to advance our diversity, equity and 
inclusion efforts. We also offer all global employees access 
to LinkedIn Learning. 
In 2022, our eight‑month‑long, early‑career PetroTech 
Academy training program concluded with 70 global 
participants convening in Houston for an asset development 
simulation and week‑long discipline school. Additionally, 
a Technical Learning Council was formed, bringing 
together a team of top leaders across technical disciplines 
and digital skills to help guide learning strategy with an 
emphasis on critical skills. Lastly, a new, enterprise‑wide 
competency management system was implemented with 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
148
Valuing Our People

Diversity, Equity and 
Inclusion (DEI) champions 
share their passion 
and vision for DEI 
during an interactive 
panel discussion at 
ConocoPhillips Center in 
Houston during the 2022 
Development Series.
small virtual cohorts to create an opportunity for leaders to 
connect on key business drivers influencing our corporate 
culture. Every fall, our senior leaders come together in 
person in Houston for our annual Leadership Forum meeting 
to align with our Executive Leadership Team on priorities 
related to company strategy, technology, DEI and topical 
employee engagement strategies.
In 2022, we took an opportunity to explore a number 
of external and internal leadership curriculums and 
conferences in service of enhancing the skills, capabilities 
and leadership readiness of our employees. This work will 
continue as we refine our core and targeted leadership 
development needs as an output of the broader career 
development strategy work.
more than 2,500 users on the platform. The system supports 
assessment and tracking of operational and regulatory‑
required competencies and is being piloted for technical 
skills competency development.
Leadership Development
We recognize that supervisors play a key role in talent 
development, so we offer a robust supervisor development 
curriculum to help leaders effectively engage and develop 
their employees. Global courses focus on proactive 
communication, employee development and building trust. 
Our Leader of Leaders program brings together the 
company’s top senior leaders from around the globe in 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
149
Valuing Our People

Performance 
Management
We use a performance management program focused 
on objectivity, credibility and transparency. The program 
includes broad stakeholder feedback, real‑time 
recognition and a formal “how” rating to hold our 
workforce and our leaders accountable for behaviors 
reflective of our SPIRIT Values and Leadership 
Competencies. Our leaders are equipped with 
guidelines and reference materials to assist with their 
assessment of key “how” performance indicators.
Recognition is important to our employees and core to 
our culture. Our supervisor‑  and employee‑driven internal 
recognition program, The Mark Award, enables employees 
to recognize their peers for individual accomplishments 
through monetary and non‑monetary awards (Instant 
Thanks). Within our monetary program, our peer‑to‑peer 
recognition program enables employees to acknowledge 
and extend real‑time recognition to colleagues for going 
above and beyond in their day‑to‑day work or completing 
project milestones. In 2022, 73% of our global employees 
received awards, and nearly 16,500 monetary awards were 
shared and 2,500 Instant Thanks messages were sent.
THE  MARK  AWARD PR OGRAM
An employee-driven recognition program 
20% ~73%
~2,500
OF EMPLOYEES RECEIVED 
INSTANT THANKS
OF EMPLOYEES 
RECEIVED AWARDS
INSTANT THANKS 
MESSAGES SENT
MONETARY AWARDS
SHARED~16,500
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
150
Valuing Our People

Compensation, Benefits  
and Well-being
Our compensation and benefits philosophy and the 
overall structure of our programs are designed to reward 
all employees who contribute to our success. We offer 
competitive, performance‑based compensation packages, 
follow global equitable pay practices and provide family‑
friendly benefits that support our employees through all 
stages of their life. 
Compensation
Our compensation programs are generally comprised of a 
base pay rate, the annual Variable Cash Incentive Program 
(VCIP) and, for eligible employees, the Restricted Stock Unit 
(RSU) program. From the CEO to the frontline worker, every 
employee participates in VCIP, our annual incentive program, 
which aligns employee compensation with ConocoPhillips’ 
GLOBAL EQUI TABLE PAY PR ACTICES
We conduct annual disparity pay 
reviews to assess potential gaps 
related to university hire pay 
compression, etc.
We conduct annual adverse impact 
analysis before compensation 
decisions are ﬁnalized.
We follow established hiring 
guidelines for U.S. university 
recruitment based on degree level 
and degree type  — offers are 
made consistently.
We conduct gender pay gap 
analysis and reporting in the U.K. 
and Australia, aligned with local 
government requirements. 
With the assistance of external 
expertise, we conduct periodic pay 
equity analysis in our major 
markets and adjust compensation 
where appropriate.
We provide regular updates to the 
Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee of the Board of Directors 
on people strategies and initiatives, 
including DEI and pay equity.
success on critical performance metrics and also recognizes 
individual performance. Our RSU program is designed to 
attract and retain employees, reward performance and align 
employee interest with stockholders by encouraging stock 
ownership. Our retirement and savings plans are intended 
to support employees’ financial futures and are competitive 
within local markets. 
Global Equitable  
Pay Practices 
We have global equitable pay practices that strive to ensure 
the compensation of every employee reflects their talents, 
skills, responsibilities and experience and is competitive 
within our peer group. We routinely benchmark our global 
compensation and benefits programs with local markets 
to ensure they are competitive, inclusive and aligned with 
company culture, and allow our employees to meet their 
individual needs and the needs of their families. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
151
Valuing Our People

8
COUNSELING SESSIONS
Available for employees and eligible 
dependents per issue, per year.
24
HOURS PER DAY
Employees can call anytime
to get help.
365
DAYS OF THE YEAR
EAP is available through 
Concern Health.
U.S. EMPLOYEE ASSISTANCE 
PROGRAM (EAP) BENEFITS
Benefits 
Our global benefits are competitive, inclusive and align 
with our culture. We provide family‑friendly policies such 
as flexible work schedules, a hybrid office work program, 
competitive time off, paid leave to care for seriously ill family 
members and parental leave in many locations. Combined 
with our maternity benefit (eight weeks), new birth mothers 
in the U.S. are eligible for up to 14 weeks of paid leave. In 
2022, we made additional investments in our U.S. health 
coverage by lowering premiums for the High Deductible 
Health Plan option and increasing company contributions to 
employees’ Health Savings Accounts. We also invested in an 
automatic rebate program to reduce the cost of frequently 
used, brand‑name prescription drugs by about 40% for 
employees covered by ConocoPhillips’ medical plan. 
In the U.S., we partner with employees who participate in 
ConocoPhillips’ medical plan to promote accountability for 
personal health through our Health Improvement Incentive 
Program. This voluntary program encourages healthy 
behaviors, provides insights into potential health risks and 
offers opportunities to improve overall health. Employees 
can earn incentives toward medical premiums by completing 
a series of steps, including the newly added mental well‑
being incentive. In 2022, 75% of participants completed 
a biometric screening, of which 81% earned the mental 
well-being incentive.
Well-being 
Our global wellness programs are designed to educate 
participants and promote a healthy lifestyle. Each year, we 
host a global well‑being competition featuring health and 
wellness activities called the SPIRIT of Wellness challenge. 
In 2022, nearly 1,250 employees and contractors participated 
as individuals or as part of a team, recording daily activities, 
earning points, and tracking their progress on Individual 
and Team Leaderboards. The event challenged participants 
to prioritize their well‑being by incorporating healthy and 
sustainable components of physical, nutritional and mental 
health into their daily routines.
All employees have access to our employee assistance 
program, and many of our locations offer custom programs 
to support mental well‑being. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
152
Valuing Our People

Inspired to help the people of Pakistan during the 
devastating 2022 floods, Low Carbon Technologies 
Finance, Planning and Analysis Director Tuba Khawaja 
initiated an internal fundraising campaign which, when 
combined with ConocoPhillips’ Matching Gift program, 
raised more than $40,000 for Pakistan flood relief.  
Read more on spiritnow.
External Engagement
We care about our neighbors in the communities in which we 
operate, and our employees make our communities stronger. 
We are proud to support their generous involvement in 
local charitable activities through employee volunteerism 
and giving programs that include United Way campaigns, 
matching gift contributions, and volunteer grants. 
In addition, we support and participate in leadership 
conferences, trade associations and minority nonprofit 
organizations. While we have been recognized for our ESG 
and DEI efforts, we know that it takes ongoing commitment 
to make sustainable progress.
Conocophillips  
Employee Advocates  
for Pakistani People in 
Their Hour of Need
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
153
Valuing Our People

Safety, Health and Security
SPIRIT Values — Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork — 
inspire our actions and confirm that safety is core to how we operate. We consistently 
promote safe work practices and are focused on control of work.
Removal of heat-exchange bundle in the amine 
system during shutdown at Curtis Island.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
154
Safety, Health and Security

Safety
A Learning Organization
We will not be satisfied until we succeed in eliminating 
all injuries, occupational illnesses, unsafe practices and 
incidents of environmental harm from our activities.
Our vision is to increase operational reliability and resiliency, 
and we believe that begins with learning. By being curious 
about how work is done, recognizing error‑likely situations 
and applying safeguards to strengthen systems and 
processes, we can reduce the likelihood and severity of 
unexpected incidents. 
We continuously look for ways to operate more safely, 
efficiently and responsibly. We focus on reducing human 
error by emphasizing interaction among people, equipment 
and work processes. By applying a learning mindset, human 
performance concepts and being alert to what could go 
wrong, we are increasing our capacity to safely manage risk. 
We employ redundant defenses and safeguards in critical 
systems, so when an unplanned event occurs, we can 
mitigate impact to people and the environment. Engaged 
leaders are critical in this culture of learning. Listening to 
frontline workers, understanding context and productively 
responding with curiosity are paramount to identify areas 
for improvement in our systems. We conduct thorough 
investigations of all serious incidents to understand 
the root cause and share lessons learned globally to 
improve our facility designs, procedures, training and 
maintenance programs.
We have processes in place to encourage candid dialogue 
on the work being done and to share ideas. Learning Teams 
are facilitated sessions in which the team and facilitator 
discuss successful work or an unplanned event to better 
understand the context of how the work was done. Our 
Opportunity to Learn process enables information to 
be shared quickly following an incident or near miss so 
learnings can be recognized and applied to other applicable 
locations to prevent repeat incidents.
This approach is reinforced through additional activities 
such as verification of personal and process safety 
safeguards, and meaningful leadership engagement with 
field operations.
In June 2022, the Lower 48 business unit (BU) hosted 
a Contractor HSE Forum with senior leaders from 
ConocoPhillips and more than 20 contractor companies. 
The forum focused on topics to progress safety, efficiency 
and reliability in the Lower 48. One segment of the forum 
highlighted becoming a better learning organization, with 
particular emphasis on how leaders respond when an 
unexpected event occurs.
COMPONENTS OF
HUMAN PERFORMANCE
PEOPLE
CULTUREWORK
SYSTEMS
EQUIPMENTPROCESSES
LEADERSHIP
Watch ‘Safety Leadership in the Bakken’
Process Safety
Process safety is achieved by using special precautions, 
or barriers, to keep our facilities safe and our products 
safely contained, eliminating potential impact to people, 
property or the environment. An unplanned or uncontrolled 
release of any material from a process system is considered 
a process safety event. We have consistent practices and 
processes for the prevention, control and mitigation of 
process safety events. Effective barriers can be active, 
passive or procedural, and can involve equipment and/or 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
155
Safety, Health and Security

Use two barriers for 
hydrocarbon vents 
and drains.
Do not leave critical 
draining and transfer 
operations unattended.
Walk the line. Verify 
and validate any 
line-up change.
Verify for complete 
tightness after 
installation or 
maintenance work.
Ensure equipment is 
pressure-free, drained 
and properly isolated 
before starting work.
Ensure effective well 
isolation, with at least two 
barriers, when working 
downstream of a well.
Know the condition of 
your safety devices. 
Risk assess any 
impairments or deferrals.
PROCESS SAFETY FUNDAMENTALS
Follow an approved change 
management process prior to 
altering process systems 
(even if temporary).
people. We utilize multiple barriers to achieve redundancy 
depending on the severity of the potential hazard.
We seek to continually improve our process safety 
culture and performance across the entire company. A 
global network of process safety experts meets regularly 
to share knowledge and discuss best practices for 
continuous improvement. To strengthen our process safety 
performance:
• Engineers design safer systems with new knowledge and 
technologies.
• Trained operations staff perform routine maintenance to 
mitigate process hazards and ensure asset integrity. 
• Process safety experts analyze events and share 
knowledge globally.
Enhancing process safety awareness and competency 
across our company is one of our key objectives. Our Process 
Safety Fundamentals are simple, actionable, good operating 
practices developed to improve process safety awareness. 
Over time, people naturally become desensitized to the 
risks they face, making errors more likely. Recognizing this, 
the Process Safety Fundamentals are intended to highlight 
those critical operating tasks that we must not get wrong.
Hydrocarbon Spill 
Prevention
We evaluate the risk of spills occurring and potential impacts 
while taking numerous precautions to prevent spills and 
mitigate impact within our operations. Specialized designs, 
operating procedures, routine maintenance of our facilities, 
verifications and process safety best practices play a 
key role in protecting the environment where we operate. 
We develop and maintain site specific Spill Prevention, 
Control, and Countermeasure (SPCC) plans for identified 
facilities. We have dedicated spill prevention teams in areas 
with high activity and sensitive ecosystems. If a spill does 
occur, established practices and resources are deployed 
to control and mitigate the impact. We are also focused 
on strengthening our critical incident risk management 
capability through our systematic, multi‑tiered approach 
to emergency preparedness and crisis management. 
Hydrocarbon spills impacting a sensitive area and spills 
greater than 100 barrels are immediately reported to our 
corporate office.
In 2022, we experienced two hydrocarbon spills to the 
environment greater than 100 barrels. One spill occurred 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
156
Safety, Health and Security

on land in the U.S. Lower 48 and one occurred on land in 
Canada, resulting in approximately 300 total barrels being 
released with a 68% recovery rate. 
The number of hydrocarbon spills to the environment greater 
than one barrel decreased in 2022. We had 99 spills that 
were greater than one barrel, with 86 of those between 
one and 10 barrels. Fifty eight percent of the spilled volume 
was fully recovered. None of our spills in 2022 impacted 
a shoreline. 
In 2022, our methodology for reporting hydrocarbon spills to 
the environment was reviewed and updated to better align 
with Ipieca reporting standards. This approach is consistent 
with industry best practices and has allowed a more 
accurate assessment of spill volumes that are impacting 
the environment by considering site‑specific conditions. 
Additionally, the decreased spill counts and volumes are 
reflective of enhanced spill prevention awareness and 
mitigation tactics in 2022. View our Performance Metrics on 
our website.
Read more about our Process Safety Culture on our website.
Spill Response and Mitigation 
We have both internal and external resources to assist 
with spill remediation and response. Our investment in spill 
response technologies includes membership in Oil Spill 
Removal Organizations (OSROs) across the globe, which 
affords us access to substantial inventories of, and the latest 
advances in, proven response equipment. 
In the Gulf of Mexico, we are members of two OSROs, 
Marine Spill Response Corporation (MSRC) and Clean Gulf 
Associates (CGA). Our Alaska business unit has memberships 
in two large OSROs, including Alaska Clean Seas (ACS) 
and Ship Escort/Response Vessel System (SERVS) for our 
exploration and production operations on the North Slope 
and our Polar Tanker operations in Prince William Sound, 
respectively. Our membership in MSRC, as well as a contract 
with the National Response Corporation (NRC), provides 
coverage for our Polar Tankers operations along the U.S. 
west coast. 
In addition to our U.S.‑based OSRO memberships, the 
company also belongs to Oil Spill Response Limited (OSRL) 
and The Norwegian Clean Seas Association for Operating 
Companies (NOFO). OSRL provides substantial global 
response resources staged at various locations around 
the world, whereas NOFO, also with significant resources, 
provides regional OSRO support for our Norway operations. 
We are also members in other, somewhat smaller, 
local OSROs associated with many of our global operations. 
Read more about our Emergency Preparedness on our 
website.
Number of Spills Volume of Spills (BBL) Number of Spills Volume of Spills (BBL) 
600
1,500
1,800
861
2,194
HYDROCARBON SPILLS TO 
THE ENVIRONMENT >1 BARREL (BBL)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
83
178
99
8994
1,100
100
900
734
HYDROCARBON SPILLS TO 
THE ENVIRONMENT >100 BARRELS (BBL)
2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
1
2
5
2
4
299
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
157
Safety, Health and Security

Personal Safety
Our Life Saving Rules were established based on industry 
lessons and best practices to prevent serious or fatal injuries 
from occurring. The rules have visual reminders and easy‑
to‑follow minimum requirements, called critical controls, to 
keep our workforce safe during high‑risk activities. They are 
part of our safe work cycle that includes “plan, do, assess 
and adjust.” Our Life Saving Rules and corresponding field 
verification program reinforce our strong culture of safety 
and contribute to our long‑term decline in workforce injuries.
Life Saving Rules are introduced during new employee and 
contractor onboarding sessions and orientation. Videos 
highlighting each rule and corresponding critical controls 
are played in field‑safety meetings. Applicable Life Saving 
Rule identification and critical controls are addressed as part 
of pre‑job planning, permits and risk‑assessment processes.
ConocoPhillips discontinued global COVID‑19 policies at the 
end of 2022, and our Health Services function continues 
to monitor the situation and support BUs and functions as 
needed to properly record and report workplace illnesses, 
and to minimize any potential for business interruption 
related to coronavirus variants or other pandemics. 
In 2022, the number of COVID‑19 cases across the company 
was significantly less than the prior two years. However, we 
did experience instances of workplace transmission during 
the year. Including lost workday cases related to COVID‑19, 
our 2022 total recordable rate (TRR) was 0.28. Excluding 
COVID‑19 cases, our TRR was 0.14.
We compare our TRR to oil and gas peers and to other 
industries.
Our work is never so urgent 
or important that we cannot 
take the time to do it safely 
and in an environmentally 
responsible manner.
TRR (excluding COVID-19) TRR (including COVID-19)
TOTAL RECORDABLE RATES (TRR) TOTAL RECORDABLE RATE (TRR)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
0.00
0.20
0.40
0.60
Incidents per 200,000 hours worked.
0
2
3
1
Lost workday case rate 
(Excluding COVID-19)
Lost workday case rate 
(Including COVID-19)
Fatalities
0.00
0.10
0.20
0.30
0.40
Incidents per 200,000 hours worked.
Incidents excluding COVID-19 Lost Workday Cases.
2010 2012 2014 2016 2018 2020 2022
Watch the ‘Line of Fire’ video.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
158
Safety, Health and Security

Our 2022 workforce TRR of 0.14, excluding COVID‑19, is 
industry leading.
HSE Management  
System
Our corporate Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) 
Management System Standard helps ensure that business 
activities are consistently conducted in a safe, healthy, 
environmentally and socially responsible manner across the 
globe. The standard outlines requirements for implementing 
the company's HSE Policy, leadership expectations and 
SPIRIT Values. Individual sections of the standard combine 
to provide a continuous improvement process based on 
plan, do, assess and adjust. Our corporate standard aligns 
with and is based on industry standards such as ISO 
45001, ISO 14001 and ISO 9001. In accordance with the 
corporate standard, each BU implements a BU‑specific HSE 
Management System to meet requirements outlined in the 
global standard and assess and manage local regulatory 
requirements and operational risks to the business, 
employees, contractors, stakeholders and the environment. 
All BUs and functions periodically review their HSE 
management systems against the corporate standard and 
are responsible for integrating HSE and sustainability 
issues into day‑to‑day operations, project development and 
decision making. They analyze current status, identify areas 
for potential improvement, and then implement key activities 
to reduce risk and further improve HSE performance. They 
are held accountable through an annual performance 
assessment. 
Objectives and key performance targets are set and tracked 
annually to drive strong, leading HSE performance. Progress 
is tracked and reported to our Executive Leadership Team 
and the Board of Directors. 
Corporate HSE audits manage and maintain a process 
to provide an independent, objective and consistent 
assessment for global company‑wide operations 
conformance with ConocoPhillips HSE policies and 
standards, including ConocoPhillips’ global Health, Safety 
and Environment policy. BUs have additional auditing 
processes to provide an assessment of compliance with 
applicable HSE and legal requirements. Corrective actions 
and status from audits and other risk‑improvement efforts 
are annually reported through a process designed to ensure 
timely resolution and communication through all levels of 
company management. 
Read more about our Sustainable Development risk 
management process on our website.
U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Incident rates and number of nonfatal 
injuries by sector, released in 2021. 
Oil & Gas Utilities Construction
Industry
0
2
1
3
SECTOR INJURY RATES
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
159
Safety, Health and Security

Emergency  
Preparedness
The complex nature of our business means we must be 
prepared to respond to a range of possible disruptions such 
as major accidents, political instability or extreme weather. 
Preventing incidents through good project planning, design, 
implementation and leadership is our primary objective. 
However, if a spill or other unplanned event occurs, we have 
procedures and processes in place to respond effectively. 
We also conduct thorough investigations of all significant 
incidents to understand the root cause, and we share 
lessons learned to prevent future incidents. We report on 
our spill performance annually.
Preparedness Policies
Our corporate Crisis and Emergency Management Plan 
outlines the framework used to manage our response to 
significant incidents of all types. A Crisis Communications 
Functional Support Plan outlines how we will communicate 
with internal and external stakeholders, including emergency 
responders, regulatory agencies and community members, 
should an incident occur. Each business unit maintains 
emergency response plans specific to each asset’s potential 
risks. Response plans are available to all employees, 
contractors and designated suppliers.
Incident response team members review 
spill trajectory maps during a drill to 
better direct mobilization of resources.
We have a comprehensive tiered response framework to 
efficiently mobilize the appropriate teams in an emergency. 
A Tier 1 response is fully managed at the business unit level. 
If the response exceeds the capabilities of an individual 
business unit, the Crisis Management Support Team and 
Global Incident Management Assist Team (GIMAT) will 
be activated as part of our Tier 2 and Tier 3 response 
frameworks. The Crisis Management Support Team provides 
functional, strategic and/or tactical support to the affected 
business unit during a significant incident or crisis. The 
GIMAT is comprised of subject matter experts from across 
the company who have undergone extensive emergency 
response training. In all tiered response scenarios, the Crisis 
Manager has direct access to the Executive Leadership 
Team to provide situational updates.
Training and Exercise
Each year, we conduct multiple emergency response training 
events and exercises for our global operations in compliance 
with company standards and local regulatory requirements, 
including the U.S. Oil Pollution Act. 
Scenario training and exercises provide an opportunity to 
evaluate incident management systems at various levels 
throughout the company. Lessons learned and best practices 
from key exercises are shared within our internal emergency 
response community and with external response partners 
and vendors to further enhance capabilities.
In 2022, one notable example with transferable learnings 
to the wider organization was a joint emergency exercise 
with Equinor in Norway. The drill enabled us to evaluate 
our abilities to work in collaboration with our peer company 
in a simulated event and large‑scale response, work in a 
unified command structure and coordinate the response to a 
hypothetical oil spill event impacting the environment. 
24/7 Monitoring
Our Crisis Management Notification Process is anchored by 
a hotline — staffed 24 hours per day, 7 days per week — that 
allows stakeholders to report emergencies. The number 
is publicly available and is included in product transport 
paperwork. If assistance is required, a ConocoPhillips 
representative will coordinate the activation and/or 
mobilization of corporate resources as necessary. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
160
Safety, Health and Security

Occupational 
Health and  
Industrial Hygiene
The goal of our Occupational Health and Industrial 
Hygiene program is to protect the health of workers and 
the neighboring community through the identification, 
evaluation and control of potential workplace exposures. 
Each business unit develops and implements an Exposure 
Assessment Plan that identifies potential chemical and 
nonchemical exposures and implements controls to prevent 
worker or community exposures. Health assessments are 
conducted to ensure that control measures are protecting 
the health of potentially exposed workers. 
Read more about employee benefits and wellness on our 
website.
Checking the level on an H 2S analyzer 
at a facility in the Eagle Ford.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
161
Safety, Health and Security

Security and 
Cybersecurity
The security and protection of our people, assets, 
information and reputation are cornerstones of our business. 
While risk can never be eliminated, we continuously strive 
to mitigate it by prudently anticipating, preventing and 
responding to internal and external security threats. 
Security
As an operator of critical infrastructure and facilities in 
challenging locations worldwide, we work closely with 
governmental agencies, nongovernmental organizations, our 
peers and local communities on initiatives to identify, deter, 
prevent and mitigate a range of potential threats to company 
personnel, facilities and operations. We manage our facilities 
consistent with national and international security standards 
and regulations including: 
• U.S. Customs‑Trade Partnership Against Terrorism 
standards
• Department of Transportation 
• Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC) 
• Hazmat Transportation Security requirements  
• Chemical Facility Anti‑Terrorism Standards 
• International Ship and Port Facility Security Code 
• Maritime Transportation Security Act 
• Maritime Transport and Facilities Security Regulations 
(Australia) 
• Bureau of Land Management 
• Other applicable governmental security requirements 
We maintain a “Tier III” status in the Customs‑Trade 
Partnership Against Terrorism program by demonstrating 
effective security that exceeds the minimum program 
criteria. This effort is conducted through our partnership with 
U.S. Customs and Border Protection who assess the overall 
effectiveness of our security processes. 
We remain an active, participating member of the U.S. State 
Department Overseas Security Advisory Council (OSAC), 
the Domestic Security Alliance Council (DSAC), Voluntary 
Principles on Security and Human Rights (VPSHR) and other 
national and international security organizations. 
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
162
Safety, Health and Security

Cybersecurity
Our business has become increasingly dependent on digital 
technologies, some of which are managed by third‑party 
service providers whom we rely on to help us collect, host 
or process information. Among other activities, we rely on 
digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process 
and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and 
drilling information, and communicate with employees and 
third parties. As a result, we may face various cybersecurity 
threats including: 
• Attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or control 
of, sensitive information about our operations and our 
employees. 
• Attempts to render our data or systems (or those of third 
parties with whom we do business) corrupted or unusable.
• Threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure 
as well as those of third parties with whom we do 
business. 
• Attempted cyberterrorism. 
The Information and Operational Technology Security team 
is responsible for cybersecurity strategy and planning. 
The team reports to the Chief Digital and Information 
Officer who reports to the Executive Vice President, 
Strategy, Sustainability and Technology. Information 
security requirements for all employees, contractors and 
partners are detailed in the ConocoPhillips Information 
Security & Protection policy, which is approved by senior 
leaders. Our ongoing information security management 
strategy is to align the company’s program with the NIST 
Cybersecurity Framework.
While our management team is responsible for the day‑to‑
day management of risk, the ConocoPhillips Board of 
Directors has broad oversight responsibility for our risk 
management programs. In order to maintain effective 
board oversight across the entire enterprise, the board 
delegates certain elements of its oversight function to 
individual committees. The Audit and Finance Committee 
(AFC) assists the board in fulfilling its oversight or enterprise 
risk management (ERM) regarding the effectiveness of 
information systems and cybersecurity. In addition, the board 
delegates authority to the AFC to manage the risk oversight 
efforts of the various committees. As part of this authority, 
the AFC regularly discusses ConocoPhillips’ ERM policies 
and facilitates appropriate 
coordination among 
committees to ensure 
that our risk management 
programs are functioning 
properly. 
To help reduce the 
likelihood of cybersecurity 
incidents, employees and 
contractors are required to complete information security 
training annually, and we frequently communicate with our 
workforce about best practices to avoid cyberthreats. We 
annually review our security awareness training to ensure 
that it is up to date on current security challenges and the 
company’s security objectives.
Completed
Not Completed
2022 ANNUAL SECURITY TRAINING 
94.7%
completion rate by 
employees and 
contractors
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
163
Safety, Health and Security

Performance by Year
METRIC 2018 2019 2020 2021 20224
GRI IPIECA SASB
Climate
Net Equity Greenhouse Gas Emissions (thousand tonnes CO2e) n/a n/a 16,700 18,300 18,347 CCE‑4
Net Equity GHG Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)5 n/a n/a 40.8 32.9 28.9 305‑4 CCE‑4
Target Related Net Equity Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)6 n/a n/a 40.2 32.4 28.5 305‑4 CCE‑4
GRI IPIECA SASB
Climate and Air Emissions
GHG INTENSITY
Total GHG Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE) 34.9 36.5 34.3 26.9 23.3 305‑4 CCE‑4
Target Related GHG Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)6 34.4 35.9 33.8 26.6 22.9 305‑4 CCE‑4
GHGs (THOUSAND TONNES)
CO2 from Operations 18,000 1 7,700 13,800 15,900 13,228 305‑1 CCE‑4
CO2 from Imported Electricity (Scope 2) 1,100 1,000 700 1,000 1,060 305‑2 CCE‑4
Methane (CO2e) 1,600 1,700 1,600 1,800 1,704 305‑1 CCE‑4
Nitrous Oxide (CO2e) 100 100 100 20 21 305‑1 CCE‑4
Total GHGs 20,800 20,500 16,200 18,720 16,014 CCE‑4
CO2e Per Dollars of Revenue (tonnes/$thousand)8 0.57 0.63 0.86 0.41 0.20 305‑4
Potential CO2e from Proved Reserves (million tonnes) 2,173 2,190 1,875 2,525 2,699 EM‑EP 420a.2
SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS BY SOURCE CATEGORY 
(THOUSAND TONNES CO 2e)9
Flaring n/a 2,300 1,300 1,900 1,560 305‑1 CCE‑4
Combustion n/a 15,200 12,300 13,800 11,536 305‑1 CCE‑4
Process Venting n/a 1,500 1,500 1,500 1,407 305‑1 CCE‑4 EM‑EP 110a.2
Fugitive Venting n/a 200 200 220 168 305‑1 CCE‑4 EM‑EP 110a.3
Other10 n/a 300 200 300 282 305‑1 CCE‑4
Total Scope 1 Emissions 19,700 19,500 15,500 17 ,720 14,954 305‑1 CCE‑4 EM‑EP 110a.1
Percent of Scope 1 Emissions Covered by Regulation 41% 40% 40% 38% 43% EM‑EP 110a.1
METHANE
Methane Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE)11 2.7 3.0 3.4 2.6 2.5 CCE‑5
Methane Emitted as Percent of Natural Gas Production 0.21% 0.24% 0.28% 0.23% 0.29% CCE‑5 EM‑EP 110a.1
Methane Emitted as Percent of Total Hydrocarbon 
Production 0.08% 0.08% 0.10% 0.07% 0.07% CCE‑5 EM‑EP 110a.1
Percent of Scope 1 Emissions from Methane 8% 9% 10% 10% 11% CCE‑5
FLARING
Routine Flaring Volume (million cubic feet)12 n/a n/a n/a 1,030 111 305‑1 CCE‑7
Total Flaring Volume (million cubic feet) 13 21,200 24,600 14,500 20,500 17 ,858 305‑1 CCE‑7 EM‑EP 110a.2
Flaring Intensity (Total Flaring Volume as Percent of Gas 
Produced) 1.79% 2.60% 1.97% 1.81% 2.39%
Flaring Intensity (Total Flaring Volume MMSCF/Total 
Production MMBOE) 35.5 43.8 30.8 29.5 25.9
OTHER AIR EMISSIONS (TONNES)
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) 69,200 69,900 60,800 96,400 98,508 305‑7 ENV‑5 EM‑EP 120a.1
Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) 36,100 36,100 28,200 42,000 48,528 305‑7 ENV‑5 EM‑EP 120a.1
Sulfur Oxides (SOx) 4,900 4,700 2,700 2,900 2,701 305‑7 ENV‑5 EM‑EP 120a.1
Particulate Matter (PM) 1,300 1,400 1,100 1,700 1,508 305‑7 ENV‑5 EM‑EP 120a.1
NET EQUITY TOTAL 2, 3
OPERATED TOTAL 7
1
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
164
Performance by Year

METRIC 2018 2019 2020 2021 20224
GRI IPIECA SASB
Climate and Air Emissions continued
ENERGY USE (TRILLION BTU s)
Combustion Energy 228 217 179 211 199
Imported Electricity 5 4 4 6 8
Total Energy 233 222 183 217 206 302‑1 CCE‑6
Energy Intensity (trillion BTUs/MMBOE) 0.39 0.40 0.39 0.32 0.30 302‑3 CCE‑6
Environment
WATER
Fresh Water Withdrawn (million cubic meters) 18.3 14.4 10.6 9.7 9.2 303‑3 ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.1
Fresh Water Consumed14 (million cubic meters) 15.7 12.1 8.5 7. 5 7. 3 303‑5 ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.1
Fresh Water Withdrawn in Regions with High Baseline Water 
Stress15 7% 8% 5% 17% 6.3% 303‑3 ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.1
Fresh Water Consumed in Regions with High Baseline Water 
Stress16 6% 8% 2% 20% 2.4% 303‑5 ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.1
Non‑Fresh Water Withdrawn17 (million cubic meters) 49.2 51.3 48.7 55.3 52.6 303‑3 ENV‑1
Total Produced Water Recycled or Reused18  
(million cubic meters) 78.9 82.3 63.8 80.0 74.0 ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.2
Municipal Wastewater Reused (million cubic meters) n/a n/a n/a 1.3 1.8 ENV‑1
Produced Water Recycled or Reused 67% 66% 67% 48% 49% ENV‑1 EM‑EP 140a.2
Produced Water Injected or Disposed 17% 22% 16% 42% 41% 303‑4 ENV‑2 EM‑EP 140a.2
Produced Water Discharged Offshore 15% 12% 17% 10% 10% 303‑4 ENV‑2 EM‑EP 140a.2
Hydrocarbons in Overboard Discharges (tonnes) 185 145 124 147 129 ENV‑2 EM‑EP 140a.2
WATER INTENSITY
Unconventional Fresh Water Consumption19 (barrels/BOE EUR) 0.28 0.22 0.23 0.08 0.06 ENV‑1
Conventional Fresh Water Consumption20 (barrels/BOE) 0.04 0.05 0.05 0.03 0.03 ENV‑1
BIODIVERSITY 21
Operated Area Overlapping With IUCN Protected Areas22 n/a 0.25% 0.24% 0.03% 0.04% 304‑1 ENV‑4
Number of IUCN Protected Areas Near Operated Assets22 n/a 7 7 8 10 304‑1 ENV‑4
Habitat Areas Protected or Restored by ConocoPhillips 
(thousand acres)23 n/a 316 275 550 409 304‑3 ENV‑4
Habitat Areas Protected or Restored by Supported 
Partnerships (thousand acres)24 n/a 5,900 12,000 13,400 20,400 304‑3 ENV‑4
Number of Operated Assets with IUCN Red List Species25 n/a 15 13 12 12 304‑4 ENV‑4
LIQUID HYDROCARBON SPILLS TO THE 
ENVIRONMENT26
Number of Spills > 100 Barrels 5 2 1 4 2 306‑3 ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2
Spills > 100 Barrels (barrels) 900 1,100 100 734 299 306‑3 ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2
Number of Spills > 1 Barrel 94 89 83 178 99 306‑3 ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2
Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels) 1,500 1,800 600 2,194 861 306‑3 ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2
Volume Recovered from Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels) 800 1,200 400 1,410 496 ENV‑6 EM‑EP 160a.2
LIQUID HYDROCARBON SPILLS IN THE ARCTIC 27
Number of Arctic Spills > 1 Barrel 3 1 1 3 1 EM‑EP 160a.2
Arctic Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels) 5 2 2 5 5 EM‑EP 160a.2
Volume Recovered from Arctic Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels) 5 2 2 5 5 EM‑EP 160a.2
WASTES (TONNES) 28, 29
Hazardous Wastes 18,800 21,900 28,200 23,000 78,600 306‑3 E NV‑7
Non‑Hazardous Wastes 224,600 279,000 159,400 213,200 322,489 306‑3 E NV‑7
Recycled Wastes 120,200 130,400 107 ,500 191,700 265,508 306‑4 E NV‑7
Total Waste Generated 363,600 431,300 295,100 427 ,900 666,596 306‑3 E NV‑7
Waste Disposed 243,400 300,900 187,600 236,200 401,088 306‑3 E NV‑7
OPERATED TOTAL 7 continued
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
165
Performance by Year

OPERATED TOTAL 7 continued
METRIC 2018 2019 2020 2021 20224
GRI IPIECA SASB
Safety
SAFETY (RATE PER 200,000 HOURS WORKED) 30
Workforce Fatalities 0 1 0 0 0 403‑9 SHS‑3 EM‑EP 320a.1
Workforce Total Recordable Rate 0.17 0.15 0.12 0.15 0.14 403‑9 EM‑EP 320a.1
Workforce Total Recordable Rate (including COVID‑19) n/a n/a 0.21 0.52 0.28 403‑9 EM‑EP 320a.1
Workforce Lost Workday Rate 0.05 0.03 0.04 0.04 0.04
Workforce Lost Workday Rate (including COVID‑19) n/a n/a 0.13 0.41 0.18
Employee Total Recordable Rate 0.06 0.05 0.09 0.14 0.12 403‑9‑a‑iii SHS‑3
Employee Total Recordable Rate (including COVID‑19) n/a n/a 0.20 0.33 0.43 403‑9‑a‑iii SHS‑3
Employee Lost Workday Rate 0.03 0.03 0.02 0.05 0.06 SHS‑3
Employee Lost Workday Rate (including COVID‑19) n/a n/a 0.13 0.24 0.36 SHS‑3
Contractor Total Recordable Rate 0.20 0.18 0.13 0.16 0.14 403‑9‑b‑iii SHS‑3
Contractor Total Recordable Rate (including COVID‑19) n/a n/a 0.21 0.57 0.25 403‑9‑b‑iii SHS‑3
Contractor Lost Workday Rate 0.06 0.03 0.04 0.04 0.04 SHS‑3
Contractor Lost Workday Rate (including COVID‑19) n/a n/a 0.12 0.46 0.14 SHS‑3
PROCESS SAFETY (RATE PER 200,000 HOURS 
WORKED BY OPERATIONS)
Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate31 0.04 0.03 0.03 0.09 0.05 SHS‑6 EM‑EP 540a.1
Social
ECONOMIC CONTRIBUTION
Payments to Vendors and Suppliers ($ billion)32 8.4 9.4 7. 3 7. 9 10.9
Shareholder Dividends ($ billion) 1.4 1.5 1.8 2.4 5.7
Capital Investments ($ billion) 6.8 6.6 4.7 5.3 10.2
Cash Contributions ($ million) 33.7 43.9 31.3 33.6 33.9 SOC‑13
GLOBAL WORKFORCE
Employees at Year‑End33 10,800 10,400 9,700 9,900 9,500 2‑7‑a SOC‑5
Part‑Time Employees 1.7% 1.4% 1.0% 0.9% 0.7% 2‑7‑b SOC‑5
Employees –  Women 26% 26% 27% 26% 27% 405‑1‑b‑i SOC‑5
All Leadership –  Women 22% 24% 23% 25% 26% 2‑7‑a SOC‑5
Top Leadership –  Women 19% 20% 19% 22% 25% 2‑7‑a SOC‑5
Junior Leadership –  Women 23% 25% 24% 25% 26% 2‑7‑a SOC‑5
Professional –  Women 28% 28% 29% 29% 30% 2‑7‑a SOC‑5
Petrotechnical –  Women 20% 20% 20% 20% 21% 2‑7‑a SOC‑5
Non‑U.S. Employees 49% 45% 41% 39% 34% SOC‑5
All Non‑U.S. Leadership 52% 47% 44% 41% 35% SOC‑5
Non‑U.S. Top Leadership 34% 31% 25% 24% 23% SOC‑5
Non‑U.S. Junior Leadership 57% 50% 49% 44% 37% SOC‑5
Avg. Years of Service 11.3 11.4 11.9 11.3 10.9 SOC‑5
Avg. Years of Experience 16.8 17 .5 17 .9 17 .5 17 .5 SOC‑5
Employees by Age Group SOC‑5
Under 30 9% 8% 8% 8% 8% 405‑1‑b‑ii SOC‑5
30–50 60% 60% 60% 62% 62% 405‑1‑b‑ii SOC‑5
51+ 31% 31% 33% 30% 31% 405‑1‑b‑ii SOC‑5
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
166
Performance by Year

METRIC 2018 2019 2020 2021 20224
GRI IPIECA SASB
Social continued
U.S. WORKFORCE DEMOGRAPHICS 34
Employees –  POC35 24% 24% 25% 28% 30% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
All Leadership –  POC 18% 19% 19% 21% 23% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Top Leadership –  POC 11% 13% 13% 15% 18% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Junior Leadership –  POC 20% 21% 22% 23% 25% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Professional –  POC 23% 24% 24% 26% 28% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Employees covered by a collective bargaining agreement 5% 4% 4% 4% 4% 2‑30‑a SOC‑5
Veterans n/a 6% 6% 6% 6% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Employees with disabilities n/a n/a 5% 5% 5% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
U.S. Employees by race/ethnicity and gender  
White Women 21.4% 20.9% 21.2% 20.0% 19.9% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
White Men 54.9% 54.6% 54.0% 51.8% 49.9% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Hispanic Women 2.6% 2.5% 2.6% 3.0% 3.6% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Hispanic Men 7 .3% 7 .9% 7 .8% 11.7% 12.0% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Asian Women 1.9% 2.0% 2.0% 1.9% 2.1% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Asian Men 4.6% 4.7% 4.7% 4.2% 4.3% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Black/African American Women 1.9% 1.8% 1.8% 1.6% 1.7% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Black/African American Men 2.2% 2.2% 2.3% 2.2% 2.5% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
American Indian or Alaska Native Women 1.0% 1.0% 0.9% 0.9% 1.0% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
American Indian or Alaska Native Men 1.7% 1.6% 1.6% 1.3% 1.4% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander Women 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% 0.1% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander Men 0.1% 0.1% 0.2% 0.1% 0.1% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Two+ races Women 0.1% 0.2% 0.3% 0.4% 0.5% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
Two+ races Men 0.2% 0.3% 0.5% 0.5% 0.9% 405‑1‑b‑iii SOC‑5
HIRING (GLOBAL UNLESS IDENTIFIED AS U.S.)
University hires 11% 12% 25% 10% 8% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Diversity hiring –  Women 25% 24% 29% 23% 29% 401‑1 SOC‑15
U.S. Hiring
Diversity hiring –  U.S. POC 26% 29% 28% 35% 41% 401‑1 SOC‑15
U.S. Hiring by race/ethnicity
White 74.1% 69.7% 71.7% 63.1% 59.2% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Hispanic 14.8% 14.8% 10.4% 21.9% 21.2% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Asian 4.4% 7 .8% 8.0% 5.3% 6.8% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Black/African American 3.3% 3.9% 6.0% 5.0% 7.4 % 401‑1 SOC‑15
American Indian or Alaska Native 1.9% 0.8% 2.0% 0.8% 2.2% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 0.4% 0.4% 0.4% 0.3% 0.5% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Two+ races 0.7% 2.3% 1.6% 2.1% 2.4% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Undisclosed 0.4% 0.2% 0.0% 1.6% 0.5% 401‑1 SOC‑15
External hire acceptance rate SOC‑15
University hire acceptance (U.S.) 78% 84% 85% 81% 70% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Interns acceptance (U.S.) 87% 68% 74% 76% 68% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Conversions from Interns to Hires 75% 73% 91% 82% 77% 401‑1 SOC‑15
Interns –  U.S. Minorities 33% 32% 36% 38% 40% 401‑1 SOC‑15
OPERATED TOTAL 7 continued
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
167
Performance by Year

METRIC 2018 2019 2020 2021 20224
GRI IPIECA SASB
Social continued
ATTRITION RATE
Total Attrition Rate 8.3% 11.2% 5.3% 14.5% 13.1% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Voluntary Attrition 4.2% 4.1% 3.0% 5.0% 5.6% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Voluntary Attrition –  Women 4.3% 3.8% 2.8% 5.3% 5.0% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Voluntary Attrition – Men 4.2% 4.1% 3.1% 4.9% 5.9% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Voluntary Attrition – U.S. POC 5.1% 3.4% 2.9% 4.8% 5.7% 401‑1 SOC‑6
U.S. Voluntary Attrition by race/ethnicity
White 5.2% 4.9% 3.7% 6.8% 6.7% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Hispanic 5.9% 3.3% 2.2% 5.2% 4.7% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Asian 5.1% 3.8% 4.1% 2.9% 6.7% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Black/African American 3.4% 3.5% 4.2% 4.0% 6.9% 401‑1 SOC‑6
American Indian or Alaska Native 4.5% 4.1% 1.4% 7 .8% 6.5% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 8.8% 0.0% 0.0% 6.7% 0.0% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Two+ races 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 7 .3% 7 .3% 401‑1 SOC‑6
Voluntary attrition less than 5 years of tenure 4.8% 4.3% 2.5% 8.4% 7 .6% 401‑1 SOC‑6
TRAINING, DEVELOPMENT AND PROMOTIONS
Training of Petrotechnical employees  
(Hours of training/empl.) 22.9 28.5 27 .1 21.5 23.1 404‑2 SOC‑7
DEI Training courses completed by employees n/a n/a 1,872 1,281 1,402 404‑2 SOC‑7
Average spent on training per employee (in dollars) $1,181 $1,277 $948 $889 $1,071 SOC‑7
Promoted – Women 33% 31% 32% 33% 34% SOC‑7
Promoted – U.S. POC 25% 27% 24% 26% 30% SOC‑7
U.S. Promoted
White 75.3% 72.8% 76.5% 74.2% 69.9% SOC‑7
Hispanic 12.0% 12.4% 9.6% 10.7% 16.2% SOC‑7
Asian 5.8% 7 .6% 5.7% 5.6% 5.4% SOC‑7
Black/African American 3.3% 4.3% 4.1% 5.2% 4.1% SOC‑7
American Indian or Alaska Native 2.6% 2.0% 2.8% 2.1% 2.8% SOC‑7
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 0.5% 0.2% 0.4% 0.6% 0.1% SOC‑7
Two+ races 0.7% 0.7% 0.9% 1.3% 1.5% SOC‑7
Undisclosed 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.2% 0.0% SOC‑7
Promoted to Top Leadership –  Women 23% 9% 22% 31% 34% SOC‑7
Promoted to Top Leadership –  U.S. POC 7% 24% 6% 21% 28% SOC‑7
Governance
BOARD36
Independent Members 91% 91% 92% 80% 86%
Women 36% 36% 31% 27% 29% 405‑1‑a‑i
Exploration and Production
AVERAGE DAILY NET PRODUCTION 37
Crude Oil (MBD) 653 705 568 829 898  EM‑EP 000.A 
NGL (MBD) 102 115 105 142 252  EM‑EP 000.A 
Bitumen (MBD) 66 60 55 69 66  EM‑EP 000.A 
Natural Gas (MMCFD) 2,774 2,805 2,394 3,162 3,130  EM‑EP 000.A 
Total (MBOED) 1,283 1,348 1,127 1,567 1,738  EM‑EP 000.A 
Total Operated Production (MMBOE) 38 597 561 471 694 688
Total Proved Reserves at Year-End (million BOE) 5,263 5,262 4,459 6,101 6,599
Proved Reserves in Low-Transparency Countries 39 4.3% 4.4% 5.1% 3.6% 3.8% EM-EP 510a.1
OPERATED TOTAL 7 continued
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
168
Performance by Year

Notes
1 Due to rounding, some total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.
2 Based on the equity share approach as defined in “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (WRI).”
3 Baseline net equity emissions intensity data was estimated from the Long-Range Planning process and may be found within the Emissions Reduction Targets and Performance 
section of the Sustainability Report on www.conocophillips.com.
4 Updated in 2022, GHG metrics are reported to the nearest whole number in each unit, except intensity or other metrics expressed as ratios.
5 The denominator uses net production values reported in the ConocoPhillips Annual Report, which represent the company’s equity share of total production.
6 GHG intensity target excludes emissions from exploration and transportation services (i.e., Polar Tankers and Global Aviation), which are not directly related to oil or gas 
production. This may give rise to small differences between the intensity we report for our GHG target purposes and our total greenhouse gas intensity. The company set a 
medium-term target to reduce our gross operated and net equity operational GHG emissions intensity by 50% to 60% by 2030, from a 2016 baseline.
7 Data is based on assets where we have operational control. Environmental data is represented as 100% ownership interest regardless of actual share owned by ConocoPhillips 
with acquisitions and divestitures aligned with financial reporting. To provide the most current and accurate data available, we have updated previously reported data for prior 
years as needed.
8 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions divided by sales and other operating revenues. Source: ConocoPhillips Annual Report
9 Includes CO2 from operations, methane (CO2e), Nitrous Oxide (CO2e).
10 Includes marine and aviation support operations.
11 Methane intensity target excludes emissions from exploration and transportation services (i.e., Polar Tankers and Global Aviation), which are not directly related to oil and 
gas production.
12 In 2020, we endorsed the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative. Routine flaring is defined as flaring that occurs during the normal production of oil in the absence 
of sufficient facilities to utilize the gas onsite, dispatch it to a market, or reinject it.
13 Total flaring volume represents total hydrocarbon content flared.
14 Calculated as total fresh water withdrawn minus total fresh water discharged in 2022.
15 Based on World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas water stress mapping layer as of December 31, 2022 and calculated as the percentage of total fresh water withdrawn.
16 Based on World Resources Institute Aqueduct Risk Atlas water stress mapping layer as of December 31, 2022 and calculated as the percentage of total fresh water consumed.
17 Includes water withdrawn from saline/brackish groundwater aquifers and seawater.
18 Includes produced water recycled for production (e.g., steam generation) or completions (e.g., hydraulic fracturing) and produced water reused for enhanced oil recovery.
19 Calculated using Enverus data for the average volume of fresh water (BBL) divided by the average estimated ultimate recovery (EUR, BOE) as of April 5, 2023. Intensity value 
may change as EUR data are updated.
20 Calculated using the average volume of fresh water (BBL) divided by the average annual production (BOE).
21 Began reporting biodiversity metrics in 2019.
22 Operated lease area overlapping with IUCN I-VI protected areas based on World Database on Protected Areas accessed on December 31, 2022.
23 Cumulative acreage includes impact avoidance, grassland and wetland restoration, habitat conservation, biodiversity offsets and voluntary conservation areas.
24 Cumulative acreage from collaboration with conservation partners to conserve, protect, restore, improve, or benefit habitats over the past two decades.
25 Operated assets with species observed or known to occur based on IUCN Red List of Threatened Species mapping tool accessed on December 31, 2022.
26 The term “environment” refers to the natural environment, including soil, surface water, groundwater, and ice-affected surfaces. 
27 No spills in this section were deemed as to the environment, per local regulatory requirements.
28 Regulatory definitions for hazardous and non-hazardous waste vary between countries and jurisdictions. Data is based on country and jurisdictional definitions.
29 The variance in waste volumes is due primarily to increased well production and an improved methodology to determine waste quantities and the allocation of hazardous and 
recycled waste in the Canadian Business Unit.
30 Rates are shown including and excluding COVID-19 work-related illnesses experienced in 2020, 2021, and 2022 as defined by OSHA.
31 Rate of process safety events of greater consequence as defined by API 752 and IOGP 456 Standards.
32 Payments to vendors and suppliers is an estimate based on Production and Operating Expenses and Capital Program.
33 Employee headcount based on active employees as of December 31, 2022.
34 U.S. workforce demographics account only for self-reported data.
35 POC: People of Color (includes ethnic/racial groups defined per the U.S. Census).
36 As of December 31, 2022.
37 Production data is average daily net production from continuing operations.
38 Data is normalized using barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) from production operations, including gas plant liquid production of ethane, propane, butane and condensate and 
production from third-party gas not accounted for in production operations. For gas production, 6,000 standard cubic feet of gas is assumed to equal one BOE.
39 In the 20 lowest-ranked countries per Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index.
Units Of Measure
MBD Thousands of Barrels per Day.
MBOED Thousands of Barrels of Oil Equivalent per Day.
MMCFD  Millions of Cubic Feet per Day. Represents quantities available for sale  
and excludes gas equivalent of natural gas liquids.
MMBTU Millions of British Thermal Units.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
169
Performance by Year

2022 Performance by Country
METRIC U.S.A. CANADA NORWAY/UK AUSTRALIA ALL OTHERS4 TOTAL
Climate and Air Emissions
GHGs (THOUSAND TONNES)
CO2 from Operations 6,129 3,217 1,094 2,104 685 13,228
CO2 from Imported Electricity 711 336 14 0 <1 1,060
Methane (CO2e) 1,593 46 27 28 10 1,704
Nitrous Oxide (CO2e) 8 7 4 2 1 21
Total GHGs 8,441 3,605 1,138 2,134 697 16,014
Total GHG Intensity (kg CO2e/BOE) 19.0 56.3 14.2 25.8 43.3 23.3
Flaring Volume (million cubic feet,  
routine and non‑routine) 15,972 239 600 666 381 17 ,858
OTHER AIR EMISSIONS (TONNES)
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) 94,257 535 3,533 77 106 98,508
Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) 42,846 2,086 1,933 1,193 470 48,528
Sulfur Oxides (SOx) 1,548 930 120 15 88 2,701
Particulate Matter (PM) 1,246 115 78 52 16 1,508
ENERGY USE (TRILLION BTUS)
Combustion Energy 81 58 17 38 4 199
Imported Electricity 6 2 <1 0 <1 8
Total Energy 87 60 17 38 4 206
Environment
WATER
Fresh Water Withdrawn (million cubic meters) 5.4 2.1 1.6 <0.1 0.1 9.2
Non‑Fresh Water Withdrawn5  
(million cubic meters) 26.7 0.1 25.9 0 0 52.6
Produced Water Recycle/Reuse6  
(million cubic meters) 49.6 24.4 0 0 0 74.0
Hydrocarbons in Overboard Discharges 
(tonnes) 0 0 129 0 0 129
LIQUID HYDROCARBON SPILLS TO THE 
ENVIRONMENT
Number of Spills > 100 Barrels 1 1 0 0 0 2
Spills > 100 Barrels (barrels) 195 104 0 0 0 299
Spills > 1 Barrel (barrels) 96 3 0 0 0 99
Number of Spills > 1 Barrel 749 112 0 0 0 861
Volume Recovered from Spills > 1 Barrel 
(barrels) 390 106 0 0 0 496
WASTE (TONNES)7
Hazardous Waste 23 69,791 8,540 4 241 78,600
Non‑Hazardous Waste 197 ,546 121,554 3,115 145 129 322,489
Recycled Waste 252,483 5,311 7 ,169 519 26 265,508
Total Waste Generated 450,053 196,656 18,824 668 396 666,596
Waste Disposed 197 ,570 191,345 11,655 149 370 401,088
OPERATED TOTAL 2,3
1
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
170
Performance by Country

METRIC U.S.A. CANADA NORWAY/UK AUSTRALIA ALL OTHERS4 TOTAL
Global Workforce 8
Employees at Year‑End 6,240 820 1,940 300 230 9,500
Employees – Women 29% 26% 21% 19% 49% 27%
All Leadership – Women 26% 26% 23% 13% 45% 26%
Top Leadership – Women 27% 20% 19% 0% 0% 25%
Junior Leadership – Women 26% 27% 24% 14% 47% 26%
Professional – Women 31% 31% 27% 17% 47% 30%
Petrotechnical – Women 20% 20% 25% 19% 25% 21%
Avg. Years of Service 10.1 9.4 14.4 7. 9 10.8 10.9
Avg. Years of Experience 16.2 18.7 20.8 19.6 18.6 17 .5
Employees by Age Group
Under 30 11% 4% 9% 5% 2% 8%
30–50 61% 73% 51% 68% 76% 62%
51+ 29% 23% 41% 27% 22% 31%
Production
Total Operated Production (MMBOE) 9 445 64 80 83 16 688
OPERATED TOTAL 2,3 continued
Notes
1 Due to rounding, some total numbers may not equal the sum of the subcomponents.
2 Data is based on assets where we have operational control. Environmental data is represented as 100% ownership interest regardless of actual share owned by ConocoPhillips with 
acquisitions and divestitures aligned with financial reporting. To provide the most current and accurate data available, we have updated previously reported data for prior years as needed.
3 Updated in 2022, GHG metrics are reported to the nearest whole number in each unit, except intensity or other metrics expressed as ratios.
4 All Others includes Indonesia and Malaysia.
5 Includes water withdrawn from saline/brackish groundwater aquifers and seawater.
6 Includes produced water recycled for production (e.g., steam generation) or completions (e.g., hydraulic fracturing) and produced water reused for enhanced oil recovery.
7 Regulatory definitions for hazardous and non-hazardous waste vary between countries and jurisdictions. Data is based on country and jurisdictional definitions.
8 Workforce for All Others includes China, Malaysia and other small operations. 
9 Data is normalized using barrels of oil equivalent (BOE) from production operations, including gas plant liquid production of ethane, propane, butane and condensate and production from 
third-party gas not accounted for in production operations. For gas production, 6,000 standard cubic feet of gas is assumed to equal one BOE.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
171
Performance by Country

AXPC ESG Metrics Template
TOPIC METRIC UNITS 2021 2022 ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions
Scope 1 GHG Emissions metric tons CO2e 5,880,410  5,740,354 
Scope 1 GHG Intensity
GHG Emissions/Gross Annual 
Production as Reported Under 
Subpart W
metric tons  
CO2e/MBOE
13.6  14.9 
Percent of GHG Emissions 
Attributed to Gathering and 
Boosting Segment
% 21% 23%
Scope 2 GHG Emissions metric tons CO2e 555,892 708,335 
Scope 1 and 2 Combined GHG 
Intensity
Scope 1 GHG Emissions + Scope 
2 GHG Emissions/Gross Annual 
Production as Reported Under 
Subpart W
metric tons  
CO2e/MBOE
14.9 16.8
Scope 1 Methane Emissions metric tons CH4 62,181  59,117
Scope 1 Methane Intensity
Scope 1 Methane Emissions/Gross 
Annual Production –  As Reported 
Under Subpart W 
metric tons  
CH4/MBOE
0.14  0.15 
Percent of Methane Emissions 
Attributed to Gathering and 
Boosting Segment
% 11% 14%
Flaring Gross Annual Volume of Flared 
Gas
MCF n/a n/a Please refer to our Flaring definitions 
and volumes as reported in Performance 
Metrics by Country.
Percentage of Gas Flared Per 
MCF of Gas Produced
Gross Annual Volume of Flared 
Gas/Gross Annual Gas Production
% n/a n/a Please refer to our Flaring definitions 
and volumes as reported in Performance 
Metrics by Country.
Volume of Gas Flared Per Barrel 
of Oil Equivalent Produced 
Gross Annual Volume of Flared 
Gas/Gross Annual Production
MCF/BOE n/a n/a Please refer to our Flaring definitions 
and volumes as reported in Performance 
Metrics by Country.
Spills Spill Intensity
Produced Liquids Spilled/Total 
Produced Liquids
Bbl/Mbbl n/a n/a Please refer to our Hydrocarbon Spills 
related data as reported in Performance 
Metrics by Country. ConocoPhillips is 
aligned with the IPIECA Sustainability 
Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas 
Industry. This scope of this guidance 
pertains to hydrocarbon spills over 1 
bbl and that is what is reported in our 
performance metrics tables. We do not 
report on other liquid spill media.
Water Use Fresh Water Intensity
Fresh Water Consumed/Gross 
Annual Production
Bbl/BOE 0.08 0.05 BOE expressed as BOE EUR for 
unconventional assets.
Water Recycle Rate
Recycled Water/Total Water 
Consumed
Bbl/Bbl 63% 60%
Does your company use WRI 
Aqueduct, GEMI, Water Risk 
Filter, Water Risk Monetizer, 
or other comparable tool or 
methodology to determine the 
water stressed areas in your 
portfolio?
yes/no yes yes
1 The basis for the data in the table is defined by AXPC. The GHG data reported is for U.S. operated assets reporting under Subpart W and other metrics corresponding to U.S. operations.
1
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
172
AXPC ESG Metrics Template
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
172
AXPC ESG Metrics Template

TOPIC METRIC UNITS 2021 2022 ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
Safety Employee TRIR
# of Employee OSHA Recordable Cases 
x 200,000/Annual Employee Workhours
0.457 0.532
Contractor TRIR
# of Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases 
x 200,000/Annual Contractor Workhours
0.416 0.197
Combined TRIR
# of Combined OSHA Recordable Cases 
x 200,000/Annual Combined Workhours
0.424 0.247
Supporting
Data
Gross Annual Oil Production Bbl 303,290,000 349,330,000
Gross Annual Gas Production MCF 661,420,000 567,090,000 
Gross Annual Production BOE 412,000,000 443,880,000
Gross Annual Production MBOE 412,000  443,880 
Gross Annual Production – 
As Reported Under Subpart W
MBOE 432,458  384,779 
Total Produced Liquids MBbl n/a n/a Please refer to our Hydrocarbon 
Spills related data as reported in 
Performance Metrics by Country. 
ConocoPhillips is aligned with the 
IPIECA Sustainability Reporting 
Guidance for the Oil and Gas 
Industry. This scope of this 
guidance pertains to hydrocarbon 
spills over 1 bbl and that is what 
is reported in our performance 
metrics tables. We do not report 
on other liquid spill media. 
Produced Liquids Spilled Bbl n/a n/a Please refer to our Hydrocarbon 
Spills related data as reported in 
Performance Metrics by Country. 
ConocoPhillips is aligned with the 
IPIECA Sustainability Reporting 
Guidance for the Oil and Gas 
Industry. This scope of this 
guidance pertains to hydrocarbon 
spills over 1 bbl and that is what 
is reported in our performance 
metrics tables. We do not report 
on other liquid spill media. 
Fresh Water Consumed Bbl 35,360,000 32,124,525 
Recycled Water Bbl 342,740,000 312,059,370 
Total Water Consumed Bbl 546,496,000 523,078,260 
Employee OSHA Recordable Cases # of cases 30 (11 excluding 
COVID‑19)
36 (10 excluding 
COVID‑19)
(10 excluding COVID‑19)
Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases # of cases 112 (42 excluding 
COVID‑19)
76 (48 excluding 
COVID‑19)
(48 excluding COVID-19)
Combined OSHA Recordable Cases # of cases 142 (53 
excluding 
COVID‑19)
112 (58 excluding 
COVID‑19)
(58 excluding COVID-19)
Annual Employee Workhours # of hours 13,119,528 13,545,183 
Annual Contractor Workhours # of hours 53,789,845 77 ,147 ,679 
Methodology Employee workhours based 
on headcount reports from 
HR. Contractor hours based on 
factors applied to spend (by 
activity type).
Annual Combined Workhours # of hours 66,909,373 90,692,862 
AXPC ESG METRICS TEMPLATE  continued
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
173
AXPC ESG Metrics Template
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
173
AXPC ESG Metrics Template

API Template for GHG Reporting
NO. INDICATOR UNITS 2021 2022
1. Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) 
1.1 Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e 17.7 15.0
1.1.1 Upstream – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e 15.3 12.5
1.1.1.1 Methane (CH4) million metric tons CO2e 1.7 1.7
1.1.1.2 Upstream Flaring – All GHGs (subset of  
Direct GHG Emissions – Scope 1)
million metric tons CO2e 1.9 1.5
1.1.1.3 Volume of Flares mmcf 19,615 17,182
1.1.2 Midstream – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
1.1.2.1 Methane (CH4) million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
1.1.3 Downstream – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
1.1.4 LNG – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e 2.1 2.1
1.1.5 Oil and Natural Gas Field Services – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e 0.3 0.3
2. Indirect GHG Emissions from Imported Energy (Scope 2)
2.1 Indirect GHG Emissions from Imported Electricity + Heat + 
Steam + Cooling (Scope 2, Market-based)
1.03 1.06
2.1.1 Upstream – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e 1.01 1.06
2.1.2 Midstream – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
2.1.3 Downstream – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
2.1.4 LNG – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e 0 0
2.1.5 Oil and Natural Gas Field Services – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e 0.02 0.002
3. GHG Mitigation
3.1 GHG Mitigation from CCUS, Credits, and Offsets million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
3.1.1 Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage (CCUS) – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
3.1.2 Renewable Energy Credits – (RECs for Indirect Emissions) – 
All GHGs
million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
3.1.3 Offsets – All GHGs million metric tons CO2e n/a n/a
4. Intensity – GHG Emissions
4.1 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Upstream GHG Intensity kilograms CO2e/BOE 26.70 22.45
4.2 Scope 1 Upstream Methane Intensity kilograms CO2e/BOE 2.84 2.75
4.3 Scope 1 Upstream Flaring Intensity kilograms CO2e/BOE 3.07 2.52
4.4 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Liquids Pipelines Transmission GHG 
Intensity
million metric tons CO2e/
throughput in barrel‑miles
n/a n/a
4.5 Scope 1 Natural Gas Pipelines Transmission and Storage 
Methane Intensity
% n/a n/a
4.6 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Downstream GHG Intensity kilograms CO2e/BOE n/a n/a
4.7 Scope 1 + Scope 2 LNG GHG Intensity million metric tons CO2e/mmcf 0.0000044 0.0000045
4.8 Additional Intensity Metrics, if applicable (e.g., further 
disaggregated by constituent GHG or by more granular 
business asset, and/or for additional business assets beyond 
these categories)
yes/no no no
IPCC AR GWP: AR4  
Basis: Operated
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
174
API Template for GHG Reporting

NO. INDICATOR UNITS 2021 2022
5. Indirect GHG Emissions from Consumers' Use of Products (Scope 3)
Attention: Scope 3 emissions from the use of sold products are released when the hydrocarbons produced and marketed by natural gas and oil companies are 
combusted by consumers. GHG emissions from the use of sold products are not within a company’s control, and it should be noted that not 100% of the hydrocarbon 
products produced/refined/sold by the company may be combusted at the end of the product life cycle. Scope 3 emissions lead to extensive multiple counting 
of GHG emissions across the economy. Therefore, it is inaccurate to add together Scope 3 emissions reported by individual companies in order to ascertain 
GHG emissions from consumers’ use of oil and natural gas products. For example, an oil and natural gas company’s Scope 3 emissions represent Scope 1 and/or 
Scope 2 emissions for fuel consumers (e.g., electric utility combusting natural gas, individuals using gasoline, manufacturers purchasing natural gas to power their 
operations). Scope 3 emissions on an individual company basis are not an indicator whether global GHG emissions are being reduced and do not provide context 
of how GHG emissions fit within the global energy system. Scope 3 emissions are also not indicative of a company’s strategy to manage potential climate risks and 
opportunities nor of a company’s commercial strategy or viability.     
5.1 Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products  
(Category 11)
million metric tons CO2e 197.6 207.9
6. Additional Climate-Related Targets and Reporting
6.1 GHG Reduction Target(s) yes/no yes yes
6.2 TCFD-informed reporting yes/no yes yes
6.3 Additional Climate Reporting Resources 
7. Third-party Verification
7.1 Assurance level Limited Limited
7.2 Assurance provider ERM ERM
API TEMPLATE FOR GHG REPORTING  continued
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
175
API Template for GHG Reporting

Disclosure, Data Quality  
and Assurance
The accuracy of the information reflected in our 
report is very important to us. ConocoPhillips reports 
our sustainability performance using internationally 
recognized reporting standards and frameworks. The 
2022 Sustainability Report covers data from January 1 
to December 31, 2022. 
Our reporting is in accordance with the GRI Standards and 
references guidance and standards developed by Ipieca, 
TCFD and SASB. ERM CVS has provided independent 
limited assurance of the disclosures and the 2022 data 
for all the metrics in the performance tables. ERM CVS 
assurance activities included reviewing evidence for the 
disclosures in the report, interviewing content owners and 
subject matter experts as required in order to substantiate 
and corroborate the disclosures, and testing the data for 
the performance metrics at both corporate and operational 
levels, via in‑person and virtual reviews with selected 
operations. Read the most recent ERM CVS statement. 
We mapped relevant GRI, Ipieca, UN Global Compact 
Principles, TCFD and SASB disclosures for stakeholder 
convenience and we continue to assess alignment with 
other frameworks. We also consider frameworks that are 
still evolving such as the Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures. We provide information to CDP 
for climate change, Dow Jones Sustainability Index and 
other organizations that assess the ESG performance of 
companies. We engage with MSCI, Sustainalytics and ISS 
E&S QualityScore, all of which rate us based on publicly 
available information. 
The ConocoPhillips Internal Audit group, which reports to 
the Audit and Finance Committee, also provided limited 
assurance of the data included in the report. 
Environmental Metrics
The company’s Environmental Assurance (EA) team 
managed and utilized a global centralized data reporting 
system to collect, review and manage environmental 
metrics. Our environmental metrics undergo robust reviews 
at various stages of the process:
• Data collection. Annual data is submitted by business 
units (BUs) using a global reporting system. This 
data is generated locally according to our company 
Environmental Metrics Reporting Practice which outlines 
requirements, established standardized methods and 
reporting procedures. 
• Quality assurance. All submitted metrics are reviewed 
for gaps, trends, variances and anomalies by the 
corporate EA team prior to final approval and external 
assurance. Limited assurance1 is performed by an 
external third party, ERM CVS, on all environmental 
metrics as well as reasonable assurance2 in countries 
with a regulatory requirement to verify reported 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and energy (where 
relevant), including Australia, Canada and Norway. 
• Annual quality control assessment. There are three 
phases of data reviews. In the BU, the data was vetted by 
technical peers and leaders. When the final BU data was 
submitted to the central reporting system for corporate 
level review, it contained an explanation for all variances 
greater than 10% from the prior year. The corporate EA 
team reviewed data for completeness and accuracy.
1 According to the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000, the objective of a limited assurance engagement is to determine whether anything has come to the 
assurance provider’s attention to indicate that the assured subject matter has not been prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant reporting criteria.
2 According to ISAE 3000, reasonable assurance requires the assurance provider to determine whether the assured subject matter is free from material misstatement, thereby expressing an 
opinion that the assured subject matter is presented fairly, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant reporting criteria.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
176
Disclosure, Data Quality and Assurance

After this process, the data was presented to company 
leaders via our internal approvals process, who had an 
opportunity to review and challenge the information. Final 
data was submitted for executive‑level approval prior 
to publishing.
To honor our commitment to continuously improve the 
quality of our environmental metrics data, a multi‑functional 
team works with BUs to review our reporting processes. 
To provide the most current and accurate data available, 
we update previously reported data for prior years as 
needed. See our metrics.
Human Capital Metrics
The company’s Human Resources (HR) team utilized a 
centralized data management system known as the HR data 
warehouse to collect and analyze human capital data and 
track performance metrics.
Our human capital metrics are reviewed and validated at 
each stage of our process:
• Data collection. At the beginning of each month, the 
previous month’s data is compiled and reviewed for trends 
and outliers to ensure quality, completeness and accuracy. 
Working closely with BUs and subject matter experts, data 
inconsistencies and gaps are corrected and completed.
• Quality assurance. Human capital metrics are then 
validated by two systems and two groups, the Employee 
Data and the HR Analytics teams. The corporate HR 
leadership team reviews and approves the data and 
metrics on a quarterly basis. 
• Annual quality control assessment. At the beginning of 
each year, we review the collective year‑end data of the 
previous year for completeness and accuracy. After the 
seventh workday following year end, data is locked for all 
external reports and disclosures.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
177
Disclosure, Data Quality and Assurance

Abbreviations
AFC Audit and Finance Committee
AFCD Americans for Carbon Dividends
API American Petroleum Institute
APLNG Australia Pacific Liquefied Natural Gas
APS IEA Announced Pledges Scenario
AXPC American Exploration and Production Council
BBL barrel
BCA border carbon adjustment
BCF billions of cubic feet
BCFD billions of cubic feet per day 
BLM Bureau of Land Management
BOE barrel of oil equivalent
BRT Business Roundtable
BU business unit
CBAM  European Union Carbon Border Adjustment 
Mechanism
CCIWG Climate Change Issues Working Group
CCS carbon capture and storage
CLC Climate Leadership Council
CO2e carbon dioxide equivalent
COSIA Canada’s Oil Sands Innovation Alliance
CPLC Carbon Pricing Leadership Coalition
DEI diversity, equity and inclusion
DJSI Dow Jones Sustainability Index
E&P exploration and production
EEOC  U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission
The following terms and abbreviations may be commonly used in this report.
EIS Environmental Impact Statement
ELT Executive Leadership Team
EOR enhanced oil recovery
EPA Environmental Protection Agency
ERM enterprise risk management
EU ETS European Union Emissions Trading System
EUR estimated ultimate recovery
EVP executive vice president
GFANZ Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net‑Zero
GHG greenhouse gas
GRI Global Reporting Initiative
GWSC Global Water Sustainability Center
HCM human capital management
HRCC  Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee
HSE Health, Safety and Environment
IEA International Energy Agency
IETA International Emissions Trading Association
IOGP International Oil & Gas Producers Association
IPBES  Intergovernmental Science‑Policy Platform on 
Biodiversity and Ecosystem Services
IUCN International Union for Conservation of Nature
IWG issues working group
JV joint venture
LCT Low Carbon Technologies
LNG liquefied natural gas
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
178
Abbreviations

LRP Long‑Range Plan
MACC marginal abatement cost curve
MM millions 
MMBBL millions of barrels
MMBOD millions of barrels per day 
MMBOE millions of barrels of oil equivalent
MMBOED millions of barrels of oil equivalent per day
MMCF millions of cubic feet
MMCFD millions of cubic feet per day
MMBTU millions of British thermal units
NAIT Northern Alberta Institute of Technology
NGO nongovernmental organization
NPC National Petroleum Council
NPR-A National Petroleum Reserve –  Alaska 
NZAC Net‑Zero Advisory Council
NZE IEA Net Zero Emissions Scenario
NZEC Net‑Zero Executive Council
NZLT Net‑Zero Leadership Team
OECD  Organisation for Economic Co‑operation and 
Development
OGMP 2.0 Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0
OSRO Oil Spill Removal Organization
POC People of Color
PPSC Public Policy and Sustainability Committee
PSP Permian Strategic Partnership
SAGD steam‑assisted gravity drainage
SASB Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
SBTN Science Based Targets Network
SD sustainable development
SDGs United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
SDLT Sustainable Development Leadership Team
SEC Securities and Exchange Commission
SOR steam‑oil ratio
SPCC spill prevention, control and countermeasure
SPEC  Sustainability and Public Policy Executive 
Council
STEPS IEA Stated Policies Scenario
SVP senior vice president
TCFD  Task Force on Climate‑related Financial 
Disclosures
TMT Talent Management Team
TNFD   Taskforce on Nature ‑related Financial 
Disclosures
TRR  total recordable rate, also referred to as  
total recordable incident rate (TRIR)
VCIP Variable Cash Incentive Program
VIA values and interest assessment
VPSHR  Voluntary Principles on Security and 
Human Rights
WRI World Resources Institute
WTI West Texas Intermediate
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
179
Abbreviations

Notable Recognitions  
and Achievements
We have been honored for our sustainable development performance and success.
Awards and 
Recognition
Human Rights Campaign’s 2022 
Corporate Equality Index score of 100, 
making us a “Best Place to Work for 
LGBTQ+ Equality”
United States
Forbes’ World’s Top Female-Friendly 
Companies in 2022
United States
Fortune’s World’s Most Admired 
Companies in 2022 and 2023
Global
Institutional Investor Research
Ranked #2 for Best ESG by combined buy‑side 
and sell‑side in the oil and gas E&P sector
Ratings 
Dow Jones Sustainability Index
One of only three companies in North 
America from the Oil & Gas Upstream and 
Integrated sector
FTSE4Good Index Series
Constituent of the  
2022 FTSE4Good Index Series
MSCI ESG in 2023
“AA” rating
ISS E&S Quality Score
Received a score of “1” on Social and “2” 
on Environmental
Just Capital
Second‑highest rated company from the 
Oil & Gas Industry
We also have a long history of sustainable development leadership: 
• Founding member of the United States Business Council for Sustainable Development.
• Founding member of the Climate Leadership Council.
ConocoPhillips Sustainability Report 2022
180
Recognition

Fact Sheets
Published annually to provide 
detailed operational updates for 
each of the company’s six segments. 
conocophillips.com/factsheets
Annual Report
The ConocoPhillips Annual Report 
and Form 10-K provides details on the 
company’s financial and operating 
performance, a letter from our chairman 
and chief executive officer, and 
additional shareholder information. The 
report is available on our website at 
www.conocophillips.com/annualreport.
Plan for the Net-Zero Energy  
Transition Progress Report
Outlines our approach and progress 
to address risks specific to the energy 
transition. conocophillips.com/reports
Managing Climate-Related  
Risks Report
Published annually to provide details on 
the company’s governance framework, 
risk management approach, strategy, key 
metrics and targets for climate‑related 
issues. conocophillips.com/reports
Human Capital  
Management Report
Published annually to provide details of the 
actions the company is taking to inspire a 
compelling culture, attract and retain great 
people and meet our commitments to all 
stakeholders. conocophillips.com/hcmreport
Upcoming and Past  
Investor Presentations
Provides notice of future presentations 
and archived presentations dating back 
one year, including webcast replays, 
transcripts, slides and other information. 
conocophillips.com/investors
Explore  
ConocoPhillips
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT This report contains forward-looking statements as defined under the federal 
securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to future events, plans and anticipated results of operations, 
business strategies, and other aspects of our operations or operating results. Words and phrases such as 
“anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” 
“seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “expect,” “objective,” “projection,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “effort,” 
“target” and other similar words can be used to identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence 
of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking. Where, in any forward-looking 
statement, the company expresses an expectation or belief as to future results, such expectation or belief is 
expressed in good faith and believed to be reasonable at the time such forward-looking statement is made. 
However, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties 
and other factors beyond our control. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what 
is expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events to 
differ materially from what is presented include changes in commodity prices, including a prolonged decline in 
these prices relative to historical or future expected levels; global and regional changes in the demand, supply, 
prices, differentials or other market conditions affecting oil and gas, including changes resulting from any 
ongoing military conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and the global response to such 
conflict, security threats on facilities and infrastructure, or from a public health crisis or from the imposition 
or lifting of crude oil production quotas or other actions that might be imposed by OPEC and other producing 
countries and the resulting company or third-party actions in response to such changes; insufficient liquidity 
or other factors, such as those listed herein, that could impact our ability to repurchase shares and declare and 
pay dividends such that we suspend our share repurchase program and reduce, suspend, or totally eliminate 
dividend payments in the future, whether variable or fixed; changes in expected levels of oil and gas reserves 
or production; potential failures or delays in achieving expected reserve or production levels from existing and 
future oil and gas developments, including due to operating hazards, drilling risks or unsuccessful exploratory 
activities; unexpected cost increases, inflationary pressures or technical difficulties in constructing, maintaining 
or modifying company facilities; legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing global climate change or other 
environmental concerns; public health crises, including pandemics (such as COVID-19) and epidemics and any 
impacts or related company or government policies or actions; investment in and development of competing or 
alternative energy sources; potential failures or delays in delivering on our current or future low-carbon strategy, 
including our inability to develop new technologies; disruptions or interruptions impacting the transportation 
for our oil and gas production; international monetary conditions and exchange rate fluctuations; changes 
in international trade relationships or governmental policies, including the imposition of price caps, or the 
imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs on any materials or products (such as aluminum and steel) used in the 
operation of our business, including any sanctions imposed as a result of any ongoing military conflict, including 
the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; our ability to collect payments when due, including our ability to collect 
payments from the government of Venezuela or PDVSA; our ability to complete any announced or any future 
dispositions or acquisitions on time, if at all; the possibility that regulatory approvals for any announced or any 
future dispositions or acquisitions will not be received on a timely basis, if at all, or that such approvals may 
require modification to the terms of the transactions or our remaining business; business disruptions following 
any announced or future dispositions or acquisitions, including the diversion of management time and attention; 
the ability to deploy net proceeds from our announced or any future dispositions in the manner and timeframe 
we anticipate, if at all; potential liability for remedial actions under existing or future environmental regulations; 
potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation, including litigation related directly or indirectly 
to our transaction with Concho Resources Inc.; the impact of competition and consolidation in the oil and gas 
industry; limited access to capital or insurance or significantly higher cost of capital or insurance related to 
illiquidity or uncertainty in the domestic or international financial markets or investor sentiment; general domestic 
and international economic and political conditions or developments, including as a result of any ongoing military 
conflict, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; changes in fiscal regime or tax, environmental and 
other laws applicable to our business; and disruptions resulting from accidents, extraordinary weather events, 
civil unrest, political events, war, terrorism, cybersecurity threats or information technology failures, constraints 
or disruptions; and other economic, business, competitive and/or regulatory factors affecting our business 
generally as set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless legally required, 
ConocoPhillips expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result 
of new information, future events or otherwise. 
Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors –  The SEC permits oil and gas companies, in their filings with the SEC, to 
disclose only proved, probable and possible reserves. We may use the term “resource” in this report that the 
SEC’s guidelines prohibit us from including in filings with the SEC. U.S. investors are urged to consider closely the 
oil and gas disclosures in our Form 10-K and other reports and filings with the SEC. Copies are available from the 
SEC and from the ConocoPhillips website.
Published July 18, 2023