SUSTAINABILITY  
REPORT
Commitment to
Sustainability
20
2 1

INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Environment 2021 Highlights  9
Our Environmental Practices  10
Environmental Management Systems  12
  In Focus — Leveraging Information Technology to Drive Transparency and Performance 13
Climate-Related Risks, Long-Term Strategy, and Scenario Analysis  14
Managing Emissions  18
 In Focus — Production Facility Innovation 20
  In Focus — iSenseSM Continuous Leak Detection System  24
Hydraulic Fracturing  29
Water Management  30
Spill Prevention and Management  33
Biodiversity and Land Stewardship  35
Seismicity 38
Letter to Stakeholders 1
About EOG 3
About This Report 4
Data Tear Sheet 6
Environment
Social
Governance
Appendix
Social 2021 Highlights  39
Our Communities  40
 In Focus — EOG Volunteer Culture: Employee Powered, EOG Supported  41
  In Focus — Developing the Next Generation of Energy Professionals  
Through STEM Education 45
Our People 46
  In Focus — Decentralized Structure Fosters Innovation 51
Safety 52
Governance 2021 Highlights  55
Board of Directors  56
Oversight and Practices  59
Appendix 65
Formulas  66
Definitions  67
SASB and TCFD Indexes  70
American Exploration and Production Council — ESG Metrics  73
Internal and Third-Party Verification and Assurance  75
Additional Disclosures  75
Non-GAAP Financial Measures  76
Introduction

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
1 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Letter to Stakeholders
DEAR STAKEHOLDER,
EOG Resources has emerged from the downturn 
a stronger company led by the resilience of our 
employees. Like much of the global economy, 
our industry and communities were faced with 
ongoing challenges stemming from the COVID-19 
pandemic throughout 2021. EOG employees 
remained motivated, engaged, and focused on 
applying innovative solutions and new technologies 
to further lower our cost structure and improve our 
environmental performance. 
Our high-return multi-basin inventory, low-cost 
operations, peer-leading technology, pristine balance 
sheet, commitment to sustainability, and a culture 
strengthened by the challenges we have overcome 
together, puts EOG in its strongest position ever to 
deliver low-cost, reliable, and cleaner energy while 
generating significant value to shareholders.
To meet growing energy demand, long-term energy 
solutions will require a worldwide portfolio of 
diverse energy sources including supplies of low 
cost, lower emissions oil and natural gas production. 
The challenge for the industry is to lower our 
environmental footprint while producing energy 
that is affordable and reliable. We believe that 
affordable, reliable energy and lower carbon energy 
aren’t mutually exclusive. Companies that invest in 
innovative solutions to meet the world’s energy needs 
will be part of the long-term sustainable energy 
solution. At EOG, we are focused on being among 
the lowest cost, highest return, and lowest emissions 
producers of oil and natural gas playing a significant 
role in the long-term future of energy.
Operationally, we have never been more efficient. 
Financially, we delivered record net income, free cash 
flow, and cash return to shareholders last year. We 
also made significant progress on our environmental 
and safety performance:
•  WE ACHIEVED  
our near-term 2025 methane emissions percentage 
target of 0.06% last year — a 50% reduction  
from 2019. 
•  WE CAPTURED   
99.8% of natural gas produced at the wellhead, 
meeting our 2021 gas capture target.
•  WE IMPROVED   
our safety performance with lower total recordable 
and lost time incident rates.
•  WE REDUCED   
our freshwater intensity rate by 55% since 2020.
I am particularly proud of our employees’ 
efforts to reduce methane emissions. It was 
through their dedication and focus that 
we achieved our 2025 methane emissions 
percentage target last year.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
2 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
I am particularly proud of our employees’ efforts 
to reduce methane emissions. It was through their 
dedication and focus that we achieved our 2025 
methane emissions percentage target last year. 
However, we aren’t done. We are currently deploying 
a continuous methane monitoring solution named 
iSenseSM. iSense is featured in one of this year’s  
In-Focus articles and represents just one example of 
how EOG’s unique culture drives innovation.
The In-Focus article titled Decentralized Structure 
Fosters Innovation, provides a “behind the scenes” 
look at one aspect of our culture that leads to 
solutions like iSense. EOG’s decentralized model not 
only fosters innovation within eight operating area-
teams, it also compounds the impact of innovation 
by taking ideas originating in one operating area and 
expanding them across multiple basins. From the 
latest in information technology-driven solutions to 
reduce emissions to innovation focused on drilling and 
completions operations to procurement of casing and 
sand, EOG is unique in its ability to leverage its culture 
and operating structure to get incrementally better 
every year.
Another important element of EOG’s culture is 
communicating openly and transparently, which 
is reflected in the enhanced disclosures in several 
sections this year:
•  Safety  
added detail on our efforts regarding safe driving, 
hazard identification and mitigation, and contractor 
safety assessments.
•  Biodiversity, Surface Impact Minimization,  
and Seismicity  
included specific descriptions of efforts unique  
to our operating areas.
•  Stakeholder Engagement Approach  
identified the strategies and tools we use to facilitate 
engagement throughout the year.
•  Executive Compensation  
established a separately weighted ESG performance 
factor tied to executive compensation in 2020, we 
increased the percentage to 7.5% last year and have 
increased it once again in 2022 to 10%.
•  Environment Metrics   
added disclosures for Other Air Emissions (SO 2,  
NOx, and VOCs) and Number of Oil Spills to the 
Data Tear Sheet (See page 6 for the disclosures.).
We believe the world will continue to demand 
affordable, reliable, and cleaner energy in the years 
ahead and that oil and natural gas will remain an 
essential source of long-term global energy supply 
to meet that demand. EOG has the asset quality, 
size, scale, and environmental footprint to compete 
globally on oil and natural gas cost of supply while 
producing barrels with a lower environmental 
footprint. We are driven to be a premier provider and 
a long-term global oil and natural gas exploration  
and production leader.
Sincerely, 
Ezra Y. Yacob 
Chairman of the Board and  
Chief Executive Officer 
October 2022

3 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
About EOG
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
term growth in shareholder value while maintaining  
a strong balance sheet.
As of December 31, 2021, EOG’s total estimated net 
proved reserves were 3,747 MMBoe and were located 
in the United States and Trinidad, with approximately 
99% of our year-end net proved reserves located  
in the United States.* Such U.S. reserves comprised 
42% crude oil and condensate, 22% natural gas 
liquids, and 36% natural gas.
EOG Resources, headquartered in Houston, Texas, is one 
of the largest crude oil and natural gas exploration and 
production companies in the United States.
EOG’s business and operational strategy focuses on 
creating long-term shareholder value by controlling 
operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve 
recoveries. Maintaining the lowest possible operating 
cost structure, coupled with efficient and safe operations 
and robust environmental stewardship practices and 
performance, is integral in the implementation of  
EOG’s strategy.
We use advanced technologies, such as 3D seismic, 
core analysis, and microseismic, to develop 
proprietary petro-physical models. These models 
inform our execution of precision horizontal targeting 
and customized advanced completions.
In order to find and develop low-cost reserves, EOG 
emphasizes exploration and drilling of internally 
generated prospects. This strategy is intended 
to consistently deliver cost-effective crude oil 
and natural gas production that maximizes the 
generation of cash flow and earnings from each unit 
of production, allowing the company to deliver long-
*  In May 2021, EOG completed the sale of all of our interest in EOG 
Resources China Limited. EOG no longer has any operations or 
assets in China.
Oﬃces
Denver
Oklahoma City
Artesia
Fort Worth
Midland
Houston 
(corporate headquarters)
San Antonio
Corpus Christi
Areas of Operation
Williston Basin
Powder River Basin
DJ Basin
Anadarko Basin
Barnett Shale
Permian Basin 
Upper Gulf Coast
Eagle Ford
South Texas
Areas of Operation
Oﬃces
Trinidad
1%
United 
States
99%
Estimated Net Proved Reserves
as of December 31, 2021
U.S. Operations
as of December 31, 2021
 Crude Oil & 
Condensate
42%
Natural Gas
36%
Natural Gas 
Liquids
22%
U.S. Net Proved Reserves by Type
as of December 31, 2021

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
4 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
About This Report
Our 2021 Sustainability Report presents our 
environmental, social, and governance (ESG) 
performance. We report on our 2021 activities and 
accomplishments, progress toward near-term  
emissions targets, and areas where we are focused 
moving forward.
This report reflects our ongoing commitment 
to enhancing our ESG-related disclosures and 
transparency. Subjects featured highlight  
EOG’s decentralized structure and focus on  
enabling innovation.
We cover issues and topics that we believe are of 
interest to our stakeholders. However, identification 
of an item for inclusion in this report is not meant to 
correspond with the concept of materiality associated 
with disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC). Information about 
issues deemed material to our investors as defined by 
regulatory requirements may be found in our  
SEC filings.
In developing the contents of this report, we were 
informed by an in-depth analysis of topics of interest 
to our stakeholders, topics being considered by ESG 
rating agencies and surveys, and peer reporting  
and benchmarking.
The report is also informed by common voluntary 
reporting frameworks, including the disclosure 
framework of the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) and the recommended 
disclosure elements from the Financial Stability 
Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD). 
  Refer to the SASB and TCFD Indexes starting 
on page 70 in the Appendix to see how we map 
the contents of this report to SASB and TCFD 
disclosure topics.
To support more comparability in reporting across 
independent oil and natural gas exploration and 
production companies in the United States, we 
are also including metrics based on the American 
Exploration and Production Council’s ESG metrics 
framework.
  Refer to American Exploration and Production 
Council — ESG Metrics on page 73 in the 
Appendix for more information.
SCOPE
Unless otherwise stated, the topics and information 
covered in this report apply to our U.S. operations for 
the year ended December 31, 2021, and do not include 
our international operations. International operations 
represented 1% of our total net proved reserves as 
of December 31, 2021, and less than 5% of our total 
production in 2021.
The data included in this report was subject 
to internal review and verification. The 
2021 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and 
energy use data presented in this report 
was also subject to independent third-party 
verification and assurance and was verified 
at a reasonable level of assurance. 
  Refer to Internal and Third-Party 
Verification and Assurance on page 75  
in the Appendix for more information.
REVIEW AND VERIFICATION

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
5 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
EOG interacts with a variety of stakeholders who 
are interested in different aspects of our business, 
including our financial performance; human 
capital management practices; health, safety, and 
environmental performance and management; 
public policy positions; and community investment 
and engagement. We consider stakeholder interests 
when developing our approach to ESG matters and 
the content in this report. The accompanying table is 
an overview of stakeholders with whom we engage 
regularly and examples of strategies and tools we 
typically use to facilitate engagement.
ABOUT THIS REPORT
EOG Stakeholders
Communities •  Local outreach and partnerships
•  Grievance and resolution mechanisms
•  Philanthropy — community investment and volunteerism
•  Work with local first responders in preparedness planning
Contractors • Onboarding and assessments
•  Training on safety and environmental topics
•  Grievance and resolution mechanisms
Employees • Talent acquisition and training
•  Technical conferences and periodic reviews with senior executives
• Cross-functional working groups
• Meetings and training on safety and environmental topics
•  Health and wellness programs and wellness ambassadors
• Grievance and resolution mechanisms
• Internal electronic newsletters
Investors •  Individual investor discussions and correspondence
•  Earnings calls 
•  SEC filings 
• Annual sustainability report
• Annual shareholders meeting
• Investor conferences
Land and  
Mineral Owners
•  Local outreach and engagement
•  Dedicated section on EOG website
•  Grievance and resolution mechanisms
Nongovernmental  
Organizations
•  Education and information exchanges
• Annual sustainability report
Regulators and 
Legislators
•  Education and information exchanges
• Regulatory compliance and audits
• Permit reviews
• Hearings

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
6 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Units 2021 2020 2019
OPERATIONS
Total Gross Operated Production 
(U.S.) MMBoe 356 328 361
Total Gross Operated Natural Gas 
Production (U.S.) Bcf 812 721 764
Workforce Hours Worked Millions 31 30 44
Gross Completed Wells # 563 615 878
Data Tear Sheet
1,2
Units 2021 2020 2019
ENVIRONMENT
GHG Emissions 2
GHG Emissions 
Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Million metric tons CO 2e 5.0 4.5 5.4
Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Million metric tons CO 2e 0.4 0.4
Scope 1 GHG Emissions by Constituent Gas
   Carbon Dioxide (CO2) Million metric tons CO 2e 4.7 4.2 5.0
   Methane (CH4) Million metric tons CO 2e 0.2 0.3 0.4
   Nitrous Oxide (N2O) Million metric tons CO 2e 0.003 0.003 0.004
Scope 1 GHG Emissions by Source
   Combustion Million metric tons CO 2e 4.1 3.6 4.0
   Flaring Million metric tons CO 2e 0.6 0.5 1.0
   Pneumatics Million metric tons CO 2e 0.05 0.1 0.2
   Other Sources Million metric tons CO 2e 0.3 0.2 0.2
Units 2021 2020 2019
Scope 1 GHG Intensity
GHG Intensity Rate Metric tons CO2e/Mboe 14.0 13.6 15.0
GHG Intensity Rate by Source
   Combustion Metric tons CO2e/Mboe 11.5 11.1 11.0
   Flaring Metric tons CO2e/Mboe 1.6 1.6 2.8
   Pneumatics Metric tons CO2e/Mboe 0.1 0.2 0.5
   Other Sources Metric tons CO2e/Mboe 0.8 0.7 0.7
Methane Intensity
Methane Intensity Rate Metric tons CO2e/Mboe 0.7 0.8 1.2
Methane Emissions Percentage  
(of natural gas production only)
 
% 0.06 0.08 0.12
Wellhead Gas Capture
Wellhead Gas Capture Rate % 99.8 99.6 98.8
Energy Use
Electricity Usage Thousand MWh 721 644
Other Air Emissions
Sulfur Dioxide (SO 2) Metric tons 160
Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) Metric tons 9,700
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) Metric tons 8,400
Water Management
Total Water Used (MMBbls) MMBbls 196 185 268
   Reuse MMBbls 107 84 91
      Percent Sourced From Reuse % 55 46 34
   Nonfresh Water MMBbls 71 65 111

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
7 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
DATA TEAR SHEET
Units 2021 2020 2019
       Percent Sourced From  
Nonfresh Water
 
% 36 35 41
   Fresh Water MMBbls 18 36 67
      Percent Sourced From Fresh Water % 9 19 25
Total Water Intensity Rate Bbls/boe 0.55 0.56 0.74
   Reuse Intensity Rate Bbls/boe 0.30 0.26 0.25 
   Nonfreshwater Intensity Rate Bbls/boe 0.20 0.20 0.31
   Freshwater Intensity Rate Bbls/boe 0.05 0.11  0.18
Spills
Spills Over Five Barrels
Oil Spill Volume Bbls 3,587 2,081 3,151 
   Recovered Bbls 2,352 1,379 2,374 
Oil Spill Rate Bbls/Mboe 0.010 0.006 0.009
   Recovered Bbls/Mboe 0.007 0.004 0.007
Spills Over One Barrel
Oil Spill Volume Bbls 4,109 2,514 
   Recovered Bbls 2,627 1,612 
Oil Spill Rate Bbls/Mboe 0.012 0.008
   Recovered Bbls/Mboe 0.007 0.005
Produced Water Spill Volume Bbls 25,304 14,526 
   Recovered Bbls 17,558 8,961 
Number of Oil Spills # 263 
Units 2021 2020 2019
SOCIAL
Our People
Employees (as of December 31) # 2,697 2,776 2,801
Employee Voluntary Turnover3 % 3.8 1.5 3.3
Employee Representation
Executive- and Senior-Level Managers 4
Female % 21.6 17.6 8.8
Minority4,5 % 10.8 11.8 11.8
   Black or African American % 0.0 2.9 2.9
   Asian % 5.4 5.9 5.9
   Other % 5.4 2.9 2.9
First- and Mid-Level Managers 4
Female % 17.6 16.4 18.3
Minority4,5 % 20.2 18.8 17.5
   Hispanic or Latino % 11.7 10.3 9.3
   Black or African American % 1.9 1.8 1.9
   Asian % 5.0 5.2 4.6
   Other % 1.7 1.5 1.6
Professionals 4
Female % 35.1 36.6 36.0
Minority4,5 % 31.0 28.8 28.3
   Hispanic or Latino % 13.7 12.4 12.0
   Black or African American % 3.1 2.9 2.9
   Asian % 11.3 10.8 10.8
   Other % 3.0 2.9 2.7

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
8 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
DATA TEAR SHEET
Units 2021 2020 2019
All Other
Female % 30.5 32.9 31.4
Minority4,5 % 28.4 27.7 26.5
   Hispanic or Latino % 22.4 21.4 20.8
   Black or African American % 2.2 2.3 2.1
   Asian % 0.7 1.1 0.7
Other % 3.1 3.0 2.9
Total
Female % 29.1 30.3 30.0
Minority4,5 % 27.2 25.9 25.0
   Hispanic or Latino % 16.2 15.1 14.7
   Black or African American % 2.4 2.4 2.4
   Asian % 5.9 5.8 5.4
   Other % 2.7 2.6 2.5
Safety
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)
 
Employee
Incidents per 200,000  
work hours
 
0.37
 
0.56
 
0.20
 
Contractor
Incidents per 200,000  
work hours
 
0.41
 
0.42
 
0.67
Units 2021 2020 2019
 
Workforce
Incidents per 200,000  
work hours
 
0.40
 
0.45
 
0.61
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR)
 
Employee
Incidents per 200,000  
work hours 0.03 0.13 0.10
 
Contractor
Incidents per 200,000  
work hours 0.13 0.13 0.21
 
Workforce
Incidents per 200,000  
work hours 0.11 0.13 0.19
Work-Related Fatalities
Employee # 0 0 0
Contractor # 0 1 0
1  U.S. operations.
2  The metrics in this table and elsewhere in this report have been calculated using the best available information at the time of preparation of this report. The data utilized in calculating such metrics is subject to certain reporting rules, 
regulatory reviews, definitions, calculation methodologies, adjustments, and other factors. As a result, these metrics are subject to change if updated data or other information becomes available. Accordingly, certain metrics in this 
table and elsewhere in this report in respect to prior years may be revised from previous sustainability reports to reflect updated data and other information. Any updates to the metrics in this table, prior to our next sustainability 
report, will be set forth in the data tear sheet posted to the “Sustainability” section of the EOG website. Further, certain total amounts in this table and presented elsewhere in this report may not equal the sum of their components 
due to rounding.
3  Does not include voluntary retirement rates of 1.1%, 0.9%, and 1.6% for 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively.
4  As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).
5  Based on employee self-identification. The “Other” category includes American Indian/Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, and two or more races.
UNITS OF MEASURE
Bbls barrels
Bcf billion cubic feet of natural gas
Boe barrels of oil equivalent
MBoe thousand barrels of oil equivalent
MMBbls million barrels
MMBoe million barrels of oil equivalent
MWh megawatt hour

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
9 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
REDUCING FRESHWATER USE
We thoughtfully manage water across  
the life cycle of our operations with a  
focus on reducing use of fresh water and 
protecting water quality.
91% 
of water sourced from reuse or  
nonfreshwater sources
PROTECTING BIODIVERSITY AND 
MINIMIZING SURFACE IMPACTS
We seek to protect biodiversity throughout the 
life cycle of our operations, including integration 
of habitat and wildlife conservation into the 
planning, management, and restoration  
of our exploration and production activities.
NET ZERO AMBITIONNEAR-TERM EMISSIONS TARGETS
13.5
GHG intensity rate  
by 2025
ZERO
routine flaring  
by 2025
0.06
methane emissions 
percentage by 2025
99.8% 
wellhead gas capture 
rate in 2022
2021 HIGHLIGHTS
10   Our Environmental Practices 
12   Environmental  
Management Systems 
14   Climate-Related Risks, Long-Term  
Strategy, and Scenario Analysis 
18  Managing Emissions 
29  Hydraulic Fracturing 
30  Water Management 
33   Spill Prevention and Management 
35   Biodiversity and Land Stewardship 
38   Seismicity 
Environment
NET ZERO
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG  
emissions by 2040
EOG is focused on playing a significant role in 
the long-term future of energy by being among 
the lowest-cost, highest-return, and lowest-
emissions producers of oil and natural gas.
EMISSIONS PERFORMANCE
50% REDUCTION  
in methane emissions percentage since 2019
72% REDUCTION  
in reported emissions for pneumatics  
since 2019

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
10 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Our Environmental  
Practices
EOG’s approach to environmental stewardship 
is based on the same decentralized structure, 
operational and technological focus, and innovative 
culture that drives our leadership in the exploration 
and development of unconventional oil and natural 
gas plays. Supported by companywide management 
systems and executive oversight, this approach 
empowers innovation, ownership, and operating-
area-specific practices while maintaining our high 
standards of environmental performance. 
Few unconventional oil and natural gas plays are 
alike. Each is unique and therefore requires tailored 
techniques and technology to develop. EOG’s 
decentralized structure fosters play-specific solutions 
to optimally develop and maximize both the value of 
any given asset and our ability to understand, protect, 
and conserve the unique environmental resources of 
the local area.
Our people are focused on innovation to minimize our 
environmental footprint, improve the energy efficiency 
of our field operations, and reduce emissions. Within 
each of our operating areas, we continually test 
technologies that are most suitable for the location’s 
unique geology and surface area environment. Many 
are shareable and adaptable across our operations. 
We also work with community, government, and  
other industry stakeholders in each operating area  
to tailor our environmental practices to address 
localized factors.
APPROACH TO ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT
Planning 
We make environmental matters 
an integral part of our business 
planning, training, development, 
and decision-making.
Continuous Improvement 
We strive to continuously drive 
environmental performance 
improvement through setting 
goals, training, monitoring 
progress, and utilizing data-
driven decision-making and 
adaptive management.
 Communication 
We communicate openly with 
our customers, employees, 
contractors, communities, 
appropriate officials, public 
interest groups, shareholders, 
and other stakeholders 
regarding significant 
environmental matters.
Engagement
We engage with regulators, 
industry groups, and others 
to facilitate the development 
of sound, effective laws and 
regulations, policies, and 
procedures to protect the 
environment, employees, 
contractors, and communities 
and to raise the standards of 
our industry.
Transparency 
We seek to make consistent, 
informed decisions by 
promoting knowledge 
sharing, data stewardship, 
and collaboration within 
the organization, and with 
stakeholders.
Compliance 
Our policy is to comply with  
all applicable environmental 
laws and regulations and to 
apply responsible standards 
where such laws or regulations 
do not exist.
 Environmental Protection
We are committed to reducing 
the impact of our operations on 
the environment.
At EOG, we are guided by our Safety & Environmental Policy, 
which commits to safeguarding people and the environment 
by making performance the responsibility of every EOG 
employee and contractor. Key elements of our policy include:

11 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
OUR ENVIRONMENTAL PRACTICES
PLANNING FOR WEATHER EVENTS AND 
RELATED PHYSICAL RISKS
As part of the evaluation and planning of our 
operations, EOG considers how to mitigate relevant 
physical risks from weather changes and extreme 
weather events such as floods, hurricanes, and intense 
heat and cold. 
We operate a diversified portfolio of assets across 
multiple regions that have unique environmental and 
weather-related considerations. Our decentralized 
structure enables us to apply our localized knowledge, 
so we are prepared for the weather-related physical 
risks specific to each of our operating areas. For 
instance, in areas prone to flooding, we build drainage 
systems and protective structures to help prevent 
flooding of our facilities. Across our operating 
areas, including areas prone to water scarcity, EOG 
is focused on reducing the use of fresh water. In 
areas prone to extreme heat, we take measures to 
protect the health and safety of our employees and 
contractors, including using cooling trailers.
EOG also operates four control centers, built to 
manage our operations in our most active areas. 
In the event of severe weather, EOG can remotely 
monitor production and infrastructure of an impacted 
operating area from one of our control centers and, 
if needed, safely shut down operations in our most 
active areas.
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
OUR COMMITMENT TO PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT
Our commitment to environmental stewardship is evidenced throughout our 
exploration and development operations — from our initial exploration efforts through 
the life of a well’s production to reclamation, restoration, and decommissioning.
The following practices — many of which are described in more detail throughout this 
section  — are just a few of the efforts EOG undertakes.
Drilling & Completions
•  Reducing drilling days and associated  
emissions footprint
•  Limiting disposal of drilling fluids through reuse 
and recycling
•  Using reduced emissions completions systems
• Minimizing the use of chemical additives 
• Minimizing freshwater usage
Production
•  Recycling produced water for reuse in operations
•  Minimizing and eliminating emissions, including 
through our:
 — Flaring reduction initiatives
 —  Efforts to reduce emissions from pneumatic 
controllers and pumps
 — Leak detection and repair (LDAR) program 
Infrastructure & Facilities
•  Installing oil, natural gas, and water pipeline 
infrastructure to reduce truck traffic and 
emissions 
•  Limiting our overall surface footprint with 
multi-well pads and centralized production and 
compression facilities 
•  Designing and implementing enhanced spill 
containment and mitigation controls 
•  Real-time, remote facility monitoring using 
Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition 
(SCADA) systems 
Decommissioning, Restoration, and Reclamation
•  Following industry practices for plugging and 
abandoning wells and surface reclamation and 
restoration
•  Revegetating unused acreage during reclamation 
and restoration of well sites and facilities, using 
native plants where appropriate
•  Partnering with stakeholders to restore land in 
a manner responsive to the specific interests of 
local communities and landowners

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
12 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Environmental Management Systems
Our environmental management systems (EMS) 
are key to integrating our proactive approach 
to environmental stewardship into our planning, 
development, and decision-making. Our EMS 
provide a framework to manage our environmental 
processes and performance. They also provide 
transparency and help us identify and manage 
environmental risks, leverage opportunities, and 
drive continuous improvement. 
Performance Goals
Our EMS also support our efforts to set environmental 
goals, review progress, and track our performance. 
We set environmental goals on an annual basis, and 
the data from our EMS allows management to assess 
performance systematically. EOG’s environmental 
performance is considered in evaluating employee 
performance and compensation, including executive 
compensation.
Training, Communication, and Engagement
Regular environmental training, communication, and 
engagement are important to consistent performance. 
We train employees and contractors on a variety of 
topics including:
• Environmental stewardship
•  Optical gas imaging (OGI) training for EOG’s  
LDAR program 
•  Spill prevention control and countermeasure 
In 2021, we also published an internal environmental 
and sustainability newsletter to inform and engage our 
employees on environmental focus areas, including 
key messages from leadership, performance metrics, 
programs, and initiatives. 
Compliance and Performance
We assess environmental compliance and performance 
under our environmental permits; applicable federal, 
state, and local safety and environmental rules and 
regulations; and EOG’s internal policies.
Environmental Management Applications
As part of our EMS, we use a combination of internally 
developed and third-party systems to organize large 
quantities of data into a database structure so it can be 
easily analyzed, monitored, and maintained to improve 
our day-to-day operations. In addition, data in our EMS 
are used to track regulatory monitoring and reporting 
schedules, environmental incidents, and process 
changes that are being implemented.
Contractor Management
Our contractor onboarding process includes an 
orientation on EOG’s environmental management 
and stewardship expectations to help promote sound 
environmental practices by our contractors.
Management Oversight
Safety and environmental leaders from each of our 
operating areas review EOG’s performance and 
oversee the development of strategies to improve our 
processes. This review system further helps us identify 
trends to enhance the overall safety and environmental 
strategy for our organization. (See page 59 for more.)

13 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG’s environmental stewardship practices leverage 
our extensive suite of data and predictive analytics 
tools. Our Information Systems team has developed 
over 140 desktop and mobile applications in-house, 
a number of which help support our EMS and 
environmental performance, including:
•   Real-time data capture, including daily reporting  
of water reuse, potential leaks, and high-pressure  
flaring metrics  
•   Mobile access to data and analysis
•   Facility and equipment optimization  
through automation
•   Continuous improvement of facility design
These applications drive transparency throughout  
the organization by:
•   Providing advanced measurement and tracking 
tools, including real-time operational and financial 
data for select parameters
•   Enhancing our ability to monitor performance  
and set goals
•    Equipping company personnel with information  
to make better, faster, well-informed decisions 
In 2021, we introduced two new emissions 
management applications, iSense SM, our proprietary 
continuous methane monitoring system (see  
To support our emissions reduction efforts, we 
continue to seek ways to better understand, measure, 
and manage emissions. In 2021, EOG launched a new 
data visualization tool to help track, anticipate, and 
manage our operational GHG emissions performance 
and support our emissions reduction efforts. The 
application, which we call iEnergy, provides greater 
visibility on operational GHG emissions at the facility 
level for our operations. This data helps us evaluate 
and monitor emissions performance across our U.S. 
operating areas on a daily basis and enhances data-
driven planning and identification of potential areas 
for improvement.
Launching iEnergy also helps to drive transparency 
and informed decision-making throughout the 
company. For example, operational employees 
can use this data to identify potential areas for 
improvement in order to contribute to our emissions 
reduction efforts.
Leveraging Information Technology to Drive Transparency and Performance
In Focus — iSense Continuous Leak Detection System  
on page 24), and iEnergy, which helps EOG improve 
our data-driven planning and identification of 
operational GHG emissions reduction opportunities. 
These new applications expand the portfolio of 
proprietary information technology applications we 
use to identify and implement emissions reduction 
opportunities and to help manage and improve our 
environmental performance. Other environmental 
management applications include Trident SM, which 
helps manage our water resources in real time (see 
Leveraging Technology to Support Our Approach 
to Water Management on page 31), and iDetectSM, 
our automated leak detection software (see Spill 
Prevention and Management on page 33).
iEnergy Helps EOG Manage Operational GHG Emissions Performance
As a data-focused company, we believe that 
increasing the accuracy and transparency of 
emissions data across the company will help us 
continue to support our GHG emissions reduction 
efforts and drive further improvements across  
our company.
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
 IN FOCUS

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
14 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Climate-Related Risks, Long-Term Strategy, and Scenario Analysis
Global supply and demand for crude oil and natural 
gas may be affected by several factors, including 
the availability of alternative energy sources, 
consumer demand and behavior, and carbon-related 
regulations and policy initiatives. Countries across 
the globe continue to implement policies and actions 
designed to reduce global GHG emissions as part of 
the broader framework of the Paris Agreement to 
limit global warming to well below 2°C compared 
to preindustrial levels. At the same time, efforts to 
provide reliable and affordable energy are needed 
to provide energy security and support economic 
development and opportunity for a growing  
global population.  
Forecasts of how to meet global energy demand in 
the future are wide ranging. The timing and scale 
of specific climate-related efforts bring unique 
challenges to predicting the impact on future supply, 
demand, and commodity prices. However, exposure to 
commodity prices determined by supply and demand 
factors outside our control, such as the business cycle, 
geopolitical conditions, and regulatory changes, is a 
risk we are long accustomed to managing as an oil and 
natural gas company.
We believe oil and natural gas will remain an essential 
source of long-term global energy supply with demand 
gravitating toward the most efficient producers — 
the most efficient from a capital perspective and the 
most efficient from an emissions perspective. EOG is 
focused on playing a significant role in the long-term 
future of energy by being among the lowest-cost, 
highest-return, and lowest-emissions producers of oil 
and natural gas. We believe this is the best strategy 
for a sustainable business model in a commodity 
business exposed to volatile prices and the risks that 
drive price volatility, including climate-related risks. 
To support this strategy, we follow a conservative 
financial structure and our capital allocation is guided 
by our “premium well” strategy focused on low-cost, 
high-return wells. (See page 16 for more.)
Our strategy is also supported by a strong focus 
on addressing emissions from our operations. Our 
approach includes adopting practices that minimize 
and/or eliminate emissions, developing and investing 
in technologies that reduce both costs and emissions 
intensity, and setting near- and long-term emissions 
targets and ambitions. (See page 18 for more.)
We seek to further manage climate-related regulatory, 
legal, and reputational risks by, among other things, 
actively managing our portfolio of diverse oil and 
natural gas assets to provide future investment 
optionality, actively engaging with our shareholders 
and other stakeholders on climate-related matters, 
and evaluating the resilience of our portfolio to 
climate-related scenarios. We also monitor and assess 
any climate-change-related developments that could 
impact EOG and the oil and natural gas industry to 
determine the impact on our business and operations, 
and take actions where appropriate.
Our Board retains primary responsibility for 
risk oversight, including climate-related risks. 
To assist the Board in carrying out its oversight 
responsibilities, members of our senior management 
discuss climate change and environment-related 
matters with our Board throughout the year. Senior 
management also reviews with the Board our 
environmental performance as well as trends and 
industry comparisons at least annually. (See Board 
Risk Oversight of ESG Matters on page 59 for more 
information on risk management.)
See page 17 for a description of our long-term 
premium well strategy and the climate scenario 
analysis undertaken to evaluate the potential future 
implications for oil and natural gas supply and 
demand, as related to the long-term resilience of our 
portfolio against various climate-related conditions 
and policy changes through 2040.

15 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS, LONG-TERM STRATEGY, AND SCENARIO ANALYSIS
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
The table below sets out certain aspects of our operations and other activities that support our management of climate-related risks.
Governance Framework
•  Nominating, Governance and Sustainability 
Committee has primary responsibility for oversight 
and guidance with respect to ESG-related matters. 
•  Executive and employee compensation are linked 
to ESG performance, including intensity reductions 
for GHG, methane, and flaring.
•  Executives review analyses of climate-related 
strategies and opportunities and guide related 
goals and ambitions.
Ambition, Targets, and Performance
•  Set ambition to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2040.
•  Set near-term target to reduce GHG intensity rate 
to 13.5 for U.S. operations by 2025.
•  Set near-term target to reduce methane emissions 
percentage to 0.06% for U.S. operations by 2025.
•  Set goal to achieve zero routine flaring for 
companywide operations by 2025. 
•  Disclose Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.
•  Follow a low-cost, high-returns premium  
well strategy.
•  Monitor and assess climate-related developments 
that could impact EOG and the oil and gas industry 
to determine the impact on our business and 
operations and take actions where appropriate.
•  Sustainable Power Group (SPG) to identify and 
implement reduction initiatives.
•  Improve operational efficiencies and decrease 
emissions intensity across operations by 
identifying and implementing technological and 
operational innovations.
•  Develop and invest in technological innovations to 
capture operational emissions.
•  Evaluate renewable energy credits (RECs) and 
other mechanisms for Scope 2 emissions.
•  Conduct scenario analysis and review results, 
including resilience of portfolio. 
•  Engage with shareholders and other stakeholders.
Management Approach
MANAGEMENT OF CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS

16 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
RESILIENCE OF EOG’S LONG-TERM 
PREMIUM WELL STRATEGY
EOG is a returns-focused company at every level of 
the organization and has been since our founding. 
During the downturn of 2015 and 2016, we were faced 
with the possibility of an extended period of low 
oil prices. In response, we implemented a rigorous 
new investment hurdle rate named the premium 
well investment standard. A premium well delivers a 
minimum of 30% direct after-tax rate of return using 
a fixed commodity price deck of $40 per barrel of oil 
and $2.50 per thousand cubic feet of natural gas for 
the life of the well. 
Our annual financial results demonstrate the success of the premium well standard. * 
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS, LONG-TERM STRATEGY, AND SCENARIO ANALYSIS
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) Premium Location Inventory
(6,000*
double-premium 
locations)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
8,000
9,500
10,500
11,500 11,500
2017 2018 2020 2021
4.0%
14.9% 
2019
12.5%
4.3%
23.0%
Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) Premium Location Inventory
(6,000*
double-premium 
locations)
2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
8,000
9,500
10,500
11,500 11,500
2017 2018 2020 2021
4.0%
14.9% 
2019
12.5%
4.3%
23.0%
2017–2021 
Cumulative free cash flow:
$11.9 billion
Regular dividend per share growth: 
more than quadrupled
EOG’s unique premium well strategy positions 
the company to be one of the lowest-cost oil 
and natural gas producers worldwide, capable 
of earning competitive returns throughout 
commodity price cycles.
PREMIUM WELL STANDARD PERFORMANCE
In the three years that followed, 2017 through 2019, 
the premium well standard drove a step change in our 
capital efficiency and resulting financial performance. 
The standard proved successful and became a 
permanent investment hurdle rate designed to shield 
our future financial performance against commodity 
price cycles. In 2020, a year of unprecedented oil 
volatility and prices that averaged just $39 per 
barrel, our premium well strategy proved resilient 
and enabled EOG to generate positive adjusted net 
income and free cash flow.
In 2021, we raised the bar by doubling the investment 
hurdle rate to a 60% direct after-tax rate of return 
using the same flat $40 oil and $2.50 natural gas 
prices. The double-premium well standard drove 
another step change in EOG’s financial performance as 
evidenced by our record-setting performance in 2021.
*  See Non-GAAP Financial Measures  in the Appendix starting on page 76 
for reconciliation schedules.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
17 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
We believe that this investment standard will 
strengthen EOG’s ability to continue delivering 
higher returns, lower declines, and more free cash 
flow potential. Our double-premium inventory now 
accounts for over 6,000 of the 11,500 total premium 
locations in our inventory, representing more than  
11 years of drilling at the current pace.
EOG’s unique premium well strategy positions 
the company to be one of the lowest-cost oil and 
natural gas producers worldwide, capable of earning 
competitive returns throughout commodity  
price cycles.
SCENARIO ANALYSIS
To evaluate the resilience of our portfolio under 
different climate-related scenarios, we considered 
the Sustainable Development Scenario (SDS) in the 
International Energy Agency’s (IEA’s) World Energy 
Outlook (WEO) 2021. The WEO uses a model to 
estimate the future supply, demand, and prices for oil 
and natural gas under various hypothetical scenarios. 
The SDS is based on the main energy-related 
components of the United Nations’ Sustainable 
Development Goals, including the Paris Agreement’s 
goal of limiting the increase in global average 
temperatures to well below 2°C above preindustrial 
levels. The SDS is widely recognized and used to 
assess portfolio resilience within the oil and natural 
gas industry under a carbon-constrained scenario. 
Under the SDS, demand for oil and natural gas is 
projected to decrease by 2040, however oil and 
gas remains a key part of meeting the future energy 
demand during the same time period.
Our analysis used a reference case model for our U.S. 
operations running through 2040. To be conservative, 
we did not assume that successful exploration will 
add to our current premium inventory. We assumed 
development of only our existing non-premium 
inventory after our premium inventory was drilled. 
Other assumptions used to develop our reference 
case model included the following:
•  A commodity price outlook determined by the SDS 
pricing assumptions beginning in 2030 and based 
on strip pricing in earlier years, which averaged $65 
Brent per barrel of oil ($61 West Texas Intermediate 
equivalent per barrel of oil) and $3.09 per million 
Btu of natural gas over the life of the scenario. 
•  Carbon pricing costs defined by the SDS for carbon 
dioxide taxes in advanced economies of $100 
per metric ton beginning in 2030 and growing to 
$140 per metric ton by 2040. The reference case 
model used projections for our Scope 1 and Scope 
2 GHG emissions that, for conservatism, assumed 
no meaningful emissions reduction improvements. 
These assumptions resulted in additional costs 
that grow to approximately $1.85 per barrel of oil 
equivalent by 2040.
•  Realistic production growth and steady, consistent 
regular dividend growth through 2040, supported 
by an internal requirement to generate free cash 
flow every year.
Evaluating our reference case model under the SDS 
assumptions (noted to the left) resulted in significant 
profitability and free cash flow.
We further stress-tested our reference case model 
using a flat commodity price of $50 per barrel of oil 
and $2.00 per thousand cubic feet of natural gas. Using 
the same carbon pricing costs, production growth, and 
dividend growth assumptions, the more conservative 
commodity price scenario still yielded significant 
profitability and free cash flow.
The scenarios we evaluated are not predictions of the 
future. Rather they test the resilience of our portfolio 
over time under various possible climate-related 
scenarios. We believe the results of the analysis confirm 
the resiliency of EOG’s premium well inventory against 
climate-related risks to long-term commodity pricing 
and demand. This analysis also supports our ongoing 
efforts to identify and manage climate-related risks, 
including those related to changes in the global energy 
demand and supply mix, and global climate  
change policy.
We believe that our culture of disciplined capital 
allocation, premium well strategy, and high-return,  
low-cost oil and natural gas production, supported  
by a conservative financial structure and focus on 
addressing emissions from our operations, will  
drive long-term, sustainable shareholder and 
stakeholder value. 
CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS, LONG-TERM STRATEGY, AND SCENARIO ANALYSIS

18 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Managing Emissions
Continuing to improve our emissions performance 
is important for environmental, operational, and 
economic reasons. We know that to be part of the 
long-term energy solution we not only have to be 
a low-cost producer, but we have to do it with a 
responsible environmental footprint.
EOG proactively manages and minimizes emissions 
of methane and other greenhouse gases from our 
existing operations through responsible operating 
practices, such as advance infrastructure planning, 
and through the use of proven in-field and information 
systems technology.
Our approach to reducing emissions from our future 
operations remains operationally focused. We are 
investing in and piloting new technologies and 
processes to reduce, monitor, and manage emissions. 
These investments are paying off in two ways: 
they can lower our emissions and can also provide 
learning mechanisms to drive future innovations that 
contribute to our sustainable business model. 
We also use our near-term emissions targets and 
long-term net zero ambition to drive continued 
improvement in our emissions performance and 
innovation in our practices. We believe the practices 
and processes described in this report, coupled 
with continued investment in innovation and the 
application of future technologies, will help us achieve 
our near-term targets and net zero ambition. Our 
progress toward targets is regularly reviewed by 
executive management and our Board of Directors, 
and we will continue to report our progress annually.
Reduce
• Expanding closed loop gas capture
• Eliminating routine flaring
• Implementing continuous leak detection
•  Testing leaner fuels to reduce combustion- 
related emissions
  See In Focus — Production Facility Innovation on 
page 20 for more information.
Capture
•  Launching carbon capture and storage (CCS)  
pilot project
•  Prioritizing concentrated CO2 emissions locations 
for CCS
•  Evaluating additional CCS locations
Offset
•  Evaluating projects and other options to offset 
remaining GHG emissions
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
EMISSIONS REDUCTION PATHWAYS
We are taking actions or planning to address emissions from our operations through three 
primary categories: reduce, capture, and offset. Examples of our efforts include the following:

19 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
MANAGING EMISSIONS
LONG TERM: NET ZERO AMBITION
In 2021, we announced our ambition to reach net zero 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2040. Our net 
zero ambition helps set the long-term direction for 
our efforts to address emissions from our operations 
across three primary categories: reduce, capture,  
and offset.
Reducing emissions intensity from our operations is 
an immediate and direct path to reducing our carbon 
footprint. With that focus, we have made significant 
progress, achieving a number of technical innovations 
and operational advancements that have enabled us 
to generate significant reductions in methane intensity 
and overall Scope 1 GHG intensity rates over the past 
several years. We are also exploring technology to 
capture carbon emissions from our operations, which 
includes a pilot carbon capture and storage project. 
For Scope 2 emissions we are evaluating RECs and 
other mechanisms to support our pathway to net zero. 
Beyond reducing and capturing emissions, we expect 
to evaluate options to offset GHG emissions.
To assist both our current emissions intensity 
reduction efforts and long-term, net zero ambition,  
we are developing and implementing technology  
to measure and calculate more detailed, real-time 
data for our facilities. Having a more accurate picture 
of our emissions also helps identify where we need 
to focus our efforts for the most immediate and 
impactful result and encourages innovation  
and development of unique solutions to achieve  
our net zero ambition. (See page 24 for more.)
NEAR TERM: EMISSIONS TARGETS
EOG recognizes the need for near-term targets on 
emissions in addition to our net zero ambition for 2040.
These targets function as more than just steps toward 
our net zero ambition; they also serve as incubators 
to help us learn and build expertise through the 
application of existing technology and pilots of new 
technology. We have made significant progress on our 
targets, including meeting our methane percentage 
target in 2021. (See page 27 for more.)
Going forward, we will work to maintain continued 
strong methane performance and evaluate further 
reduction and target setting opportunities. We will also 
continue to drive GHG emissions reductions across our 
operations, with a focus on combustion operations, the 
largest contributor to our total GHG emissions.
Our emissions intensity performance is considered  
in evaluating executive compensation. For 2021,  
year-over-year reductions in our GHG, methane, and 
flaring intensity rates, as well as wellhead gas capture 
rate, were included as part of a separately weighted, 
ESG-specific performance goal considered when 
determining our executives’ annual bonuses. Similarly, 
for our 2022 executive compensation, our separately 
weighted ESG goal will include achieving GHG, 
methane, and flaring emissions intensity rates below 
2021 levels and maintaining a wellhead gas capture  
rate of 99.8% or higher. (See page 61 for more.)
Reducing emissions intensity from our 
operations is an immediate and direct path 
to reducing our carbon footprint. With that 
focus, we have made significant progress, 
achieving a number of technical innovations and 
operational advancements that have enabled us 
to generate significant reductions in methane 
intensity and overall Scope 1 GHG intensity rates 
over the past several years.
Our targets are based on our current operating 
footprint, and we expect to reassess our 
targets as changes to our asset base and 
operations warrant.
Net zero
ambition for Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions by 2040
13.5 
GHG intensity rate by 2025
0.06 
methane emissions percentage by 2025
Zero 
routine flaring by 2025
99.8% 
wellhead gas capture rate in 2021
EMISSIONS TARGETS AND AMBITIONS

20 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG proactively manages and minimizes greenhouse gas emissions from our 
operations by using innovative technology and practices, advance infrastructure 
planning, and efficient facility design. We continuously look for ways to improve the 
design of our facilities to minimize emissions and maximize the recovery of resources. 
Our facilities are also periodically reviewed to optimize equipment and implement 
new technologies. Where operationally appropriate, we install specialized control 
equipment. In addition, we develop and implement proprietary applications to 
optimize equipment efficiency and reduce emissions from our operations.
In addition to our focused efforts to optimize specific facility equipment components, 
we also apply facility-level technologies and practices. These include Closed Loop Gas 
Capture (CLGC) that minimizes flaring during downstream interruptions, advanced 
Vapor Recovery 
Units 
•  Recover gas 
vapors from 
intermediate 
low-pressure 
separators,  
tanks, or VRTs
Pneumatics
 
•  Replace, retrofit, or 
remove high-bleed 
natural-gas-powered 
pneumatic controllers 
•  Install instrument air 
to operate pneumatic 
controllers and pumps
Vapor Recovery 
Towers (VRTs) 
•  Capture gas 
vapors before 
tanks
Intermediate Low-
Pressure Separators
•  Capture gas 
vapors upstream 
of tanks and 
reduce vapor 
compression 
horsepower needs
Tanks
 
•  Maintain thief 
hatches
•  Collect gas vapors 
from tanks and  
send to sales,  
where feasible
Compressor Engines
 
•  Testing leaner fuels to 
reduce combustion-
related emissions
•  Reduce compression 
required for gas 
lift operations and 
sales using in-house 
proprietary applications 
to increase efficiency
Flare
 
•  Control gas vapors 
from tanks
•  Monitor, analyze, and 
control production 
equipment to minimize 
gas flaring using an 
in-house proprietary 
application
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
*  The diagram is intended to share information on the various technologies and practices in use at facilities across our U.S. operations. It is not  
representative of a specific facility; each of our operating areas and facilities are unique and may use any combination of these techniques.
Production Facility Innovation
Capturing Gas Vapors Optimizing Equipment and Operations
 IN FOCUS
Equipment-Specific Technologies and Practices*
planning of facility design and take away optionality, our leak detection and repair 
(LDAR) program, and continuous methane monitoring. 
Many of the practices and technologies used by EOG are only possible because we 
operate significant portions of our own gathering and boosting infrastructure. This 
increased operational control and footprint allows us to further optimize how we 
manage our operations to drive emissions reductions across a larger scope of the 
value chain.
The diagram below highlights targeted practices, in-field equipment, and in-house 
technologies and solutions we implement to reduce emissions at our facilities.
  See In Focus — iSenseSM Continuous Leak Detection System on page 24 for more 
information on continuous methane monitoring.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
21 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
TODAY: OPERATING PRACTICES 
EOG’s approach is to proactively manage and 
minimize emissions of greenhouse gases from our 
operations through advance infrastructure planning, 
efficient facility design, and the use of innovative,  
in-field technology. 
We are developing and implementing technologies to 
better understand and monitor emissions. This helps 
us focus our efforts towards immediate and impactful 
results and encourages innovation and development 
of unique solutions. (See page 24 for more.)
We plan for and install natural gas gathering pipelines 
early in the life of a play to minimize flaring and other 
sources of emissions. This is particularly important 
for the development of oil plays that produce large 
quantities of associated gas. We also contract for 
sufficient pipeline takeaway capacity and, where 
possible, multiple takeaway options to provide 
production flow assurance. (See page 22 for more.)
We continuously look for ways to improve the 
design of our facilities to minimize emissions and 
maximize the recovery of resources. Our facilities 
are periodically reviewed to optimize equipment 
and implement new technologies. Using centralized 
facilities, including multi-well pads and centralized  
gas lift, allows for sharing equipment and eliminates 
the need for multiple separators and tanks, which 
reduces emissions.
In addition, our in-house, proprietary applications 
have allowed us to automate and optimize artificial 
lift, a process used to enhance oil recovery from 
wells. This increases the efficiency of our artificial lift 
process, reducing gas lift volumes and the overall 
compression needed to inject gas, which helps 
minimize emissions from combustion and flaring.
Other tactics we use in the field to minimize emissions 
from our operations include low-bleed and no-bleed 
controllers, instrument air systems, engines equipped 
with emissions control technology, electric- and solar-
powered pumps, and automation. Where feasible, we 
install specialized control equipment, such as vapor 
recovery units and towers, vapor balance systems, 
high-efficiency combustion devices, and multistage 
separators. In addition, in certain operating areas, we 
install electricity infrastructure to permit the use of 
electric-powered (versus fuel-powered) equipment.
MANAGING EMISSIONS
We take a comprehensive approach to minimizing 
emissions across our operations from early 
planning stages through ongoing production.
In early 2020, we established a Sustainable Power 
Group (SPG) to bring even greater emphasis to 
improving our environmental performance and 
creating long-term value for the company. Working 
directly with employees in each of our operating 
areas, this team of engineers and other specialists is 
dedicated to identifying and implementing emissions 
reduction initiatives. The SPG provides leadership and 
supports our culture of innovation to develop and 
apply technologies and other solutions to achieve our 
emissions targets and net zero ambition.

22 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Advance Infrastructure Planning 
We install infrastructure and plan for takeaway 
optionality early in the life of a play to minimize 
flaring. These efforts include: 
•  Planning for the gathering and takeaway 
infrastructure needed to transport our 
production when formulating our development 
plans for a play. 
•  Planning for the regulatory permitting process 
well in advance of the need for infrastructure 
construction to begin. 
•  Installing natural gas gathering infrastructure 
early in the development of a play so that 
natural gas associated with the production of oil 
can be gathered, processed, and sold. 
•  Securing the ability to sell to multiple markets 
to provide takeaway options for our natural 
gas production and mitigate the effects of 
downstream market interruptions.
•  Establishing control centers for our most active 
areas to control the flow of our natural gas in 
real time and avoid interruptions in executing 
our takeaway plans. 
In-Field Practices and Technologies
We further reduce or eliminate flaring in our 
operations through the use of targeted practices, 
in-field technology, and internally developed 
solutions including:
•  Seeking to route the natural gas to on-site 
separators during completion operations early 
in the process rather than flaring. 
•  Capturing tank vapors from storage tanks and 
routing them back to the sales line through 
vapor recovery equipment.
•  Implementing new practices and technologies 
to improve the efficiency of our recovery 
systems to capture gas vapors. 
•  Employing CLGC, a process that uses 
automation to reroute natural gas back into 
existing wells when a downstream interruption 
occurs. After piloting this technology in 
2020, we have installed additional systems in 
the Permian Basin and continue to evaluate 
opportunities for further expansion in our 
operations.  
•  Applying our proprietary applications to 
monitor operational conditions and lower the 
potential for flaring. 
MANAGING EMISSIONS
REDUCING OR ELIMINATING FLARING
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Flaring
Minimizing flaring is a priority for EOG, as it not only 
reduces our emissions footprint, it also increases the 
amount of natural gas we are able to process and sell. 
We continually review all processes where flaring can 
occur — such as at the wellhead, storage tanks, and 
during completions — to maximize gas capture and 
improve our performance. Our approach includes 
active management oversight of our operations aided 
by information technology, advance infrastructure 
planning, and in-field technology innovation.
Daily operations are actively managed to minimize 
flaring through use of proprietary desktop and 
mobile applications built in-house that provide 
real-time data capture and reporting of our flaring 
metrics. Management and field personnel are able 
to analyze the causes and conditions of flaring daily 
and are able to take actions in the field to minimize 
or even eliminate the need for flaring. The result is 
better, faster, well-informed decisions. Data access 
through our information systems drives transparency 
throughout the company and helps us meet our 
flaring and wellhead gas capture goals.

23 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Pneumatics Program
Over the past five years, EOG has implemented 
a comprehensive program focused on reducing 
emissions from — and refining emissions data 
used for calculations associated with — pneumatic 
controllers and pumps. We have retrofitted, replaced, 
or removed all of the high-bleed natural-gas-powered 
pneumatic controllers in our operations. Additionally, 
we have converted to or installed pneumatic pumps 
and controllers that use instrument air systems (i.e., 
compressed air) rather than natural gas. We have also 
converted to or installed pneumatic pumps that utilize 
solar power. In other instances, we route pneumatic 
controller and pump exhaust gas to a control device, 
which reduces methane emissions.
Leak Detection and Repair Program
Each of EOG’s operating areas has an ongoing LDAR 
program in place. While LDAR is required for certain 
EOG locations by state regulations, federal regulations, 
or both, EOG has also implemented a voluntary LDAR 
program across our U.S. operations. Our proactive, 
voluntary LDAR program detects and repairs leaks 
at our facilities, including in central tank batteries, 
compressor stations, and production facilities, 
that are not otherwise subject to regulatory LDAR 
requirements, resulting in lower methane emissions.  
MANAGING EMISSIONS
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
EOG’s LDAR program includes:
•  Component-level monitoring  — We monitor 
emissions from components such as connectors, 
pressure relief valves, controllers, and tank  
thief hatches. 
•  AVO inspections — We integrate audio, visual, 
and olfactory (AVO) inspections to identify and 
manage emissions as part of other field and  
facility visits.
•  OGI technology — A substantial part of the 
monitoring under our LDAR program is conducted 
through the use of optical gas imaging, such 
as infrared cameras and other thermal imaging 
technology. 
•  Proprietary automated LDAR systems  — We 
use proprietary information technology system 
applications to capture LDAR data electronically, 
including a mobile application to record data 
directly in the field. These applications facilitate 
survey scheduling and timely repairs, as well as 
monitoring and verification throughout our LDAR 
program. These applications also improve the 
accuracy of our data, help identify trends, and 
eliminate paper-based processes. 
•  Monitoring-frequency guidelines  — In 2021, we 
enhanced our LDAR program by increasing the 
frequency of surveys, visiting 95% of facilities at 
least twice during the year with leak detection 
equipment. The other 5% of facilities were 
monitored in accordance with our past practice  
of visiting every facility at least once a year. In 
2022, we are continuing to enhance our program.  
•  Timely repair and resurvey  — Once a leak is 
identified, we follow time-based protocols for the 
repair and the resurvey of repaired components 
that are supported with software and automation.  
•  Documentation, review, and retention  — Our 
LDAR program includes requirements for record 
maintenance and retention.
•  Ongoing review and improvement  — Our LDAR 
program is reviewed on an annual basis for trends 
and opportunities for improvement and has been 
instrumental in minimizing fugitive emissions at 
EOG facilities.

24 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
 IN FOCUS
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
iSenseSM Continuous Leak Detection System 
Methane sensor
confirmed that iSense is the most effective solution for EOG to use to detect leaks and 
accelerate repairs while also being scalable and economic.
Like so many of our innovations, this technology has been spearheaded by our 
employees across the company. Since the pilot, our employees are rapidly deploying 
iSense in the field, prioritizing areas of highest potential impact. The initial installations 
are focused in the Delaware Basin and currently cover about 60% of our production.* 
We expect that most of the remaining Delaware Basin production will be monitored by 
iSense by year-end. We plan to continue to roll out iSense in other operating areas  
next year.
Using our proprietary system allows us to own the data creation, flow, and storage, 
which is a priority with all our information systems. Owning the iSense data and 
retaining direct control of its collection provides invaluable flexibility to improve both 
data quality as well as the tools to analyze and integrate iSense data with existing 
operational data from our production facilities. This data, along with our ability to 
monitor our operations from any one of our four control centers, will enhance the 24/7 
capability to continuously identify, prioritize, and repair leaks. In the future, when data 
from iSense is paired with other real-time production and facilities data, we expect to 
be able to make improvements in the design of facilities to minimize releases. We are 
also optimistic that we will be able to more readily determine the source of a methane 
release and assess its likely size.
The development and testing of continuous methane monitoring technologies and 
systems is an example of how EOG’s decentralized structure fosters innovation 
and drives performance improvements. Our iSense system is the product of EOG 
employees working on multidisciplinary teams to identify opportunities to improve and 
being empowered to develop, test, and pilot a solution. (See In Focus — Decentralized 
Structure Fosters Innovation on page 51 for additional details on EOG’s culture.) 
Leveraging technology to enhance our methane leak detection and repair program  
is another great example of EOG’s culture of continuous improvement throughout  
our operations. 
* Based on percentage of gross oil production handled at central tank batteries covered by iSense. 
Over the last several years, our leak detection and repair program, or LDAR, has 
advanced from audio-visual-olfactory (sound-sight-smell) surveys to surveys using 
more accurate optical gas imaging to today’s deployment of scalable solutions of 
the latest technology — continuous methane monitoring. This technology detects 
potential leaks and provides real-time alerts to help accelerate repairs and will provide 
data and trend analysis to potentially prevent future methane releases.
We have been evaluating continuous methane monitoring technology for the past few 
years. There are several third-party systems available to monitor and detect potential 
methane leaks, using either intermittent or continuous monitoring technology. 
About 18 months ago, we began a pilot project using a solution we built in-house, 
named iSense, which is a monitoring solution that uses methane sensing technology 
to continuously monitor facilities and provide real-time alerts of potential leaks to 
a control center. We tested iSense against other monitoring solutions in use and 
available on the market today and confirmed that our sensor detected methane 
release events consistent with these third-party systems. The results from these tests

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
25 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS
For the metrics disclosed in this section, EOG 
uses Scope 1 GHG emissions as reported to the 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) by EOG 
pursuant to the EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting 
Program. We also include emissions that are subject 
to the EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
but are below the EPA’s basin reporting threshold 
and would otherwise go unreported. We measure 
our emissions intensity in total and broken out by 
constituent gases and sources to help us track the 
effectiveness of our emissions reduction efforts. Our 
intensity rates are a measure of emissions per unit  
of production. 
 For more detailed descriptions of the metrics in this 
section and information regarding the methodology 
used to calculate them, including formulas and CO 2e 
conversion factors, see the Appendix starting on  
page 65.
Constituent Gases
EOG’s GHG emissions are primarily composed of 
carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide. The 
Scope 1 GHG emissions from our 2021 operations 
comprised these three gases in the following 
percentages:
MANAGING EMISSIONS
2021 Scope 1 Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions 
on a CO2e basis
Nitrous
 Oxide
<0.1%
Carbon
 Dioxide
95.3%
Methane
4.7%
Year-Over-Year Variances by Source
Our GHG intensity rate in 2021 increased by 3%  
year over year driven by increased activity compared 
to 2020. Due to the oil price war followed by the 
COVID-19 pandemic, 2020 was an anomalous year 
for the oil and natural gas industry during which EOG 
chose to reduce production by deferring new activity 
and shutting in existing production. In 2021, our 
operational activities returned to a more normal level, 
resulting in an increase in the combustion emissions 
intensity and an overall intensity rate increase. We 
continue to focus on responsibly managing  
our emissions.
Measuring and evaluating changes in our GHG 
intensity rate by source enhances our ability to 
manage our emissions and identify areas  
for improvement. 
Year-over-year variances in emissions intensities 
can be driven by both changes in operational 
practices and technologies as well as refining 
emissions calculations. Our focus is on identifying 
and implementing operational improvements, which 
include process refinements, equipment changes, 
and/or efficiency improvements. We also work to 
continuously improve emissions calculations to 
increase the accuracy of emissions data.

26 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Combustion
Our combustion GHG intensity rate increased slightly 
in 2021 due to increased operational activity compared 
with 2020. In 2021, there was increased drilling, well 
completion, and production activity, which increased 
emissions ahead of oil and gas being produced.
As combustion is the largest source of our Scope 1  
GHG emissions, EOG is focused on identifying 
opportunities to optimize compression operations.  
For example, as we expand the use of centralized  
gas lift compressors, we are able to replace  
In addition to operational improvements in the field, 
we refined calculations relating to flaring emissions to 
increase accuracy. As a result of more detailed facility 
modeling, reductions in high-pressure flaring were 
offset by an increase in emissions reported for low-
pressure flaring. (See page 22 for more.)
Pneumatics
Our pneumatics GHG intensity rate continued to 
decline in 2021 due to operational improvements 
to capture or control pneumatic pumps emissions 
and emissions calculation refinements that included 
improving the accuracy of input factors for our 
pneumatic inventory.
Our program to retrofit pneumatic pumps to use solar 
power or instrument air at existing facilities, along 
with our use of solar power and instrument air for 
pneumatic pumps and controllers, as applicable, at 
new facilities, also contributed to reductions in our 
GHG intensity rate from pneumatic sources in 2021.
(See page 23 for more.)
Other Sources
Our other sources GHG intensity rate remained 
relatively flat in 2021. We reduced fugitive emissions 
as a result of the ongoing success of our LDAR 
program and increased the frequency of leak 
detection surveys. We also continued to focus on 
reducing other emissions sources in this category.
MANAGING EMISSIONSMANAGING EMISSIONS
GHG Intensity Rate — Total and by Source
metric tons CO 2 e/MBoe
15.0
0.7 14.0
0.5
2.8
11.0
11.1 11.5
0.7
0.2
1.6
0.8
0.1
1.6
13.513.6
2019 2020 2021 2025 Target
Other Sources
Pneumatics
Flaring
Combustion
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
many small combustion engines with larger, more 
efficient engines serving the same number of well 
sites while also improving run time. Additionally, 
we are working to optimize gas lift volumes, which 
reduces combustion. 
Flaring
Our flaring GHG intensity rate performance remained 
flat in 2021. High-pressure flaring continued to decline  
as a result of operational efforts and targeted process  
improvements, including active management and 
employee oversight and control center supervision.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
27 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Methane Emissions and Year-Over-Year 
Variance
EOG continued to reduce methane emissions 
across our operations. Our focused efforts on 
flare reductions, increased accuracy of emissions 
calculations, and pneumatic controllers and pump 
conversions contributed to reducing our methane 
intensity rate by 13% and our methane emissions 
percentage by 25%, meeting our 2025 methane 
emissions percentage target of 0.06%.   
We will work to maintain our strong methane 
emissions reduction performance and assess further 
target setting opportunities. Our ongoing focus 
will be to implement operational improvements 
and evaluate technologies and methodologies that 
advance our ability to detect and quantify methane 
emissions. For example, we piloted our continuous 
methane leak detection system, iSense, in 2021. Our 
efforts to collect, integrate, and analyze data from 
our operations through applications like iSense 
enable us to deploy resources more effectively to 
help minimize methane emissions. (See In Focus — 
iSense Continuous Leak Detection System on  
page 24 for additional information.)  
A note regarding methane emissions metrics : We 
present our methane emissions both as an intensity 
rate relative to our total gross operated production 
and as a percentage metric relative solely to our 
natural gas production. We believe presenting 
these two methane metrics allows for consistency 
with the other GHG metrics presented in this report 
and greater comparability with peer reporting and 
MANAGING EMISSIONS
SCOPE 2 EMISSIONS 
For 2021, our indirect Scope 2 emissions from our 
U.S. operations were 389,865 metric tons CO 2e, or 
approximately 8% of the total Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions from our U.S. operations.
OTHER AIR EMISSIONS
In this year’s report, we began disclosing other air 
emissions, including sulfur oxides, nitrogen oxides, 
and volatile organic compounds, from our U.S. 
operations. For more information on the metrics and 
calculation methodology, see the Data Tear Sheet  
starting on page 6 and Definitions on page 67. 
Methane Intensity Rate
metric tons CO 2 e/MBoe
Methane Emissions Percentage
methane emitted/gross natural gas production
I n  2021 w e achieved our 2025 t a r g e t  a nd g o i n g  
f o r w a r d  w ill c ont i nue  t o  f o c u s  on m a i n t a i n i n g  
s tro n g  p e r f o r m a n c e .
2019
0.12%
2020
0.08%
2021
0.06%
2019
1.2
2020
0.8
2021
0.7
2025 Target
0.06%
industry target setting frameworks, which vary in 
calculation methodology.

28 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
THE ENVIRONMENTAL PARTNERSHIP
EOG is a member of The Environmental Partnership, a collaborative effort of more than 90 oil and natural gas 
companies committed to continuously improving environmental performance in member operations across 
the country. The Partnership’s goals include accelerating methane emissions reductions through specific 
environmental performance programs that members have committed to implementing within their operations 
and providing a platform for the industry to collaborate with stakeholders and share best practices and new 
technologies. See the accompanying table for more information on EOG’s implementation of The Environmental 
Partnership’s programs.
MANAGING EMISSIONS
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
EOG 2021 Progress
EOG successfully replaced, removed, or 
retrofitted all high-bleed pneumatic controllers 
by the end of 2019. Additionally, EOG continued 
converting low-bleed and intermittent-vent 
pneumatic controllers to instrument air in 2021.
Environmental Partnership Goals 
A program to replace, remove, or retrofit  
high-bleed pneumatic controllers.
A leak detection and repair program for natural 
gas and oil production facilities.
The monitoring of the manual liquids unloading 
process on natural gas wells to prevent  
wellhead venting.
A flare management program to reduce flaring of 
associated gas from oil production.
In 2021, EOG surveyed over 5,100 sites and 
completed over 12,600 surveys.
100% of manual liquid unloading events 
performed in 2021 were monitored by personnel.
EOG is committed to reducing routine flaring 
of associated gas. EOG had a U.S. wellhead gas 
capture rate of 99.8% for 2021. We have also 
committed to companywide zero routine  
flaring by 2025.
CDP
Consistent with our commitment to transparency, 
EOG participates in the CDP’s climate change and 
water programs. Our participation in these programs 
allows investors and the public to better understand 
the climate-change-related aspects of our business 
and our water stewardship practices.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
29 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Hydraulic Fracturing
Hydraulic fracturing is part of certain well 
completion processes. It entails pumping 
pressurized fluid into underground formations to 
create tiny fractures or spaces that allow crude 
oil and natural gas to flow more easily from the 
reservoir into the well so that it can be brought to 
the surface. This enables EOG to produce crude 
oil and natural gas from formations that would 
otherwise not be recoverable.
Hydraulic fracturing technology has been safely  
used by the oil and gas industry for decades. More 
than 1 million wells have been hydraulically fractured, 
and the technique is constantly being refined to 
improve the stimulation of a well and maximize 
reserve recovery.
EOG takes numerous steps to conduct our hydraulic 
fracturing operations safely and responsibly.  
They include the following steps.
BASELINE GROUNDWATER TESTING
A key component of EOG’s water management 
practices is the performance of baseline water 
sampling prior to drilling a well in a new area. When 
testing in areas where regulatory requirements have 
not been established, we use an internal sampling 
program based on best practices developed by state 
and local authorities. Samples are sent to certified 
third-party laboratories for independent testing.
WELLBORE INTEGRITY
Prior to drilling any well, EOG performs a site-specific 
analysis to determine the design and techniques that 
will be implemented to maintain the integrity of the 
wellbore throughout the geologic formations the well 
will intersect. To maintain wellbore integrity, we use 
cement isolation of casing string, which are lengths of 
steel pipe. Other standard practices include surface 
casing tests and annular pressure monitoring. 
•  Surface casing is the primary steel pipe to be set 
in the vertical wellbore. This section of casing can 
run several thousand feet deep and performs many 
functions including the protection of shallow water 
aquifers, if present. The integrity of the surface 
casing is tested prior to flowing the well as a 
further measure of protection.
•  Annular pressure is the pressure that exists in 
the space between the well casing and internal 
production tubing. To protect wellbore casing, we 
establish a maximum allowable annular pressure 
for each well we operate and monitor this pressure 
through the life of the well. We engage with 
industry groups and regulators to incorporate 
evolving technologies and best practices into state 
regulations for wellbore integrity.
MINIMIZING CHEMICAL ADDITIVES
While chemical additives used in hydraulic fracturing 
fluid are typically less than 1% of the fluids used, 
an ongoing focus of EOG is to further minimize the 
amount of chemicals used to complete our wells.
TRANSPARENCY
EOG publicly discloses the fracturing fluids used 
for 100% of our well completions on the industry 
website FracFocus.org (hosted by the Ground Water 
Protection Council and the Interstate Oil and Gas 
Compact Commission).

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
30 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Water Management
EOG is focused on responsibly managing the water 
used, produced, transported, treated, stored, 
and disposed of across our operations in a cost-
effective and environmentally sustainable manner. 
This includes a water sourcing strategy centered 
on reducing freshwater use and implementing or 
expanding water reuse where feasible. 
WATER MANAGEMENT OVERSIGHT  
AND TECHNOLOGY
EOG’s strategic water resources team (SWRT) is 
responsible for overseeing the management of water 
resources across our operations. The SWRT is led by 
our companywide Director of Water Resources and 
includes water management representatives from 
each of our operating area offices. 
Every oil and natural gas producing region has 
unique risks and opportunities regarding water, from 
identifying sources and reuse options to determining 
best methods for water transportation and disposal. 
The SWRT collaborates with multiple disciplines within 
EOG and local water management teams to determine 
water quality and quantity needs, develop multiple 
water source options and scenarios, and maximize 
reuse options with the goal of also minimizing 
disposal needs.
EOG also addresses the unique risks and opportunities 
regarding water in each of our operating areas by:
•  Engaging with stakeholders in the communities 
where we operate to better understand the 
characteristics of the region and to discuss and 
collaborate on our water management plans.
•  Developing proprietary desktop and mobile 
applications to support our water management 
approach and report key water metrics, including 
real-time water reuse.
•  Evaluating the full life cycle of water used 
in our operations, from acquisition through 
transportation, storage, production, treatment, 
reuse, and disposal.
  
LIFE CYCLE APPROACH TO WATER MANAGEMENT
•  Conducting a comprehensive evaluation of 
available sources of water in each of our operating 
areas, including water reuse and conservation 
options.
•  Developing water transportation infrastructure to 
maximize the use of pipelines to move water and 
reduce truck traffic.
•   Leveraging our SWRT to accelerate the 
implementation of best practices throughout  
the company.
Withdraw
Source fresh and nonfresh 
water for operations.
Use
Use fresh, nonfresh, and/or  
reuse water during operational 
activities such as drilling and 
completion activities.
Produce
Water produced during oil and 
natural gas production operations.
Dispose
Dispose of excess 
produced water.
Reuse
Produced water handled and treated in EOG-owned/
operated water infrastructure for reuse in operations.
Focus On:
Expanding and utilizing  
water reuse infrastructure 
to help minimize the use  
of fresh water and 
produced water disposal

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
31 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
SOURCES OF WATER
EOG uses various sources of water, including surface 
water, fresh, and nonfreshwater aquifers, and produced 
water that is recycled and reused.
When sourcing water, we focus on reducing freshwater 
use as much as possible by implementing or expanding 
reuse capabilities and using nonfreshwater sources, 
where feasible. Availability of water sources can vary 
significantly based on a number of factors, including 
geography, drilling and completion activity levels, 
production levels, and available infrastructure. Therefore, 
our approach to water management can differ between 
operating areas.
We evaluate water sourcing options through our SWRT, 
local water management teams, Trident proprietary 
water management tool, and third-party analytical tools 
and studies.
Our proactive and innovative approach to water 
management has resulted in significant achievements 
in increasing the water sourced from reuse and 
reducing freshwater use. In 2021, 91% of the water we 
sourced across our U.S. operations was from reuse or 
nonfreshwater sources, reducing our total freshwater use 
percentage to less than 10%. 
In our Permian Basin operations, over 99% of the water 
we sourced was from reuse or nonfreshwater sources in 
2021, reducing our freshwater use in the Permian Basin 
to less than 1%. 
WATER MANAGEMENT
For more information regarding the definitions used 
for the water sources discussed in this section, see 
page 69 of the Appendix.
Nonfresh Water
EOG is committed to conserving water resources in 
the communities in which we operate. We take steps 
to minimize overall freshwater usage, which includes 
the use of nonfreshwater sources. When sourcing 
nonfresh water, EOG targets sources that are not 
primarily utilized as public drinking water sources. 
  
LEVERAGING TECHNOLOGY TO SUPPORT 
OUR APPROACH TO WATER MANAGEMENT 
EOG’s proprietary desktop and mobile applications 
support our ability to make well-informed, targeted 
decisions from executive-level oversight to decisions 
in the field. Trident, one of our proprietary desktop 
and mobile applications, is central to many of 
our initiatives for addressing water risks and 
opportunities in our operating areas. We developed 
and piloted Trident in 2018, and we are continuing to 
assess opportunities for expanding implementation 
and functionality of this tool.
Trident supports the evaluation and development 
of an advanced planning, location-specific water 
management approach. For example, it facilitates our 
efforts to optimize the use and management of water 
resources across our operations. It provides map-
based visualizations of our infrastructure, allowing 
for location-specific scenario planning for water 
sourcing, storage, and transportation. It also provides 
real-time operational control to prevent bottlenecks, 
anticipate takeaway needs, minimize trucking 
of water, and promote reuse opportunities. By 
combining topographic information with automated 
shut-off valves in the field, Trident also helps manage 
temporary water lines in our reuse infrastructure (see 
page 32) and supports our efforts to prevent and 
mitigate spills. (See page 33 for more.)
In addition, we have incorporated map-based tools 
based on the World Resources Institute’s (WRI’s) 
Aqueduct tool into Trident to enhance our ability to 
evaluate water scarcity in our operations.
Sources of Water
percent of total
2019 2020 2021
25%
35%
19%
36%
9%
41%
34% 46% 55%
Reuse
Nonfresh
Fresh

32 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Water Reuse
We continue to expand our reuse infrastructure to 
help us minimize our use of fresh water and reuse 
produced water. As of year-end 2021, nearly all of our 
operating areas have some level of reuse capability.
The percentage of water we sourced from reuse for 
our operations has steadily increased over the past 
three years. In 2021, we increased the percentage 
of total water we sourced from reuse for our U.S. 
operations to 55%, up from 46% in 2020, and we 
believe that this percentage will continue to increase 
in 2022.
Managing Produced Water and Maximizing  
Reuse Capability
We have implemented processes and infrastructure 
designed to reuse or safely dispose of produced 
water, with a focus on expanding our reuse 
capabilities. For example, we have implemented 
automated spill detection technology on our reuse 
collection ponds and water pipelines where applicable 
(see page 33). We also follow spill prevention and 
containment processes when transporting, storing, 
and treating produced water. 
We have installed pipelines and temporary, lay-
flat hoses to transport produced water in many 
of our operating areas. These pipelines not only 
help us increase our ability to reuse water but also 
reduce the potential for spills compared to trucking 
water as well as our impacts on roads, road safety 
risks, and trucking-related emissions. We have also 
installed dual-purpose water lines that can support 
sourcing and gathering of produced water for reuse. 
Optimizing reuse capability is facilitated by our 
Trident water management tool. (See page 31  
for more.)
In areas where produced water cannot be reused, 
we take measures to responsibly handle and dispose 
of it at sites that are approved and permitted by the 
appropriate regulatory authorities. EOG periodically 
conducts regulatory assessments of these disposal 
facilities to monitor compliance with applicable 
regulations. Where possible, we prioritize moving 
water to disposal through pipelines rather than  
by truck.
FRESHWATER INTENSITY RATE
To assess performance and support our focus on 
minimizing freshwater use, we track the freshwater 
intensity of our operations. Our 2021 freshwater 
intensity rate was 0.05 barrels of fresh water per 
barrel of oil equivalent. This rate decreased by 55% in 
2021, reflecting the success of our continued efforts 
to reduce freshwater use by expanding our water 
reuse infrastructure and identifying and utilizing 
nonfreshwater sources.
In addition to freshwater intensity, we report our total 
water intensity rate and intensity rates for the other 
sources of water used in our operations — nonfresh 
and reuse. We also track and report absolute water 
use. See the Data Tear Sheet starting on page 6 for 
additional water data.
WATER MANAGEMENT
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Freshwater Intensity Rate
Bbls/Boe
2019 2020 2021
0.18
0.11 
0.05 
0.11
In 2021, we continued to increase the  
amount of water we transport by 
pipelines instead of trucks. This not only 
improves our ability to reuse water and 
our overall operational efficiency, but also 
significantly reduces spill and road safety 
risks, and trucking-related emissions.
Over 95%
of total water transported via pipe in 2021
  For information regarding the methodology used 
for the water metrics in this section, including the 
formulas and definitions, see the Appendix starting 
on page 65.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
33 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Spill Prevention and Management
EOG’s goal is to proactively minimize and seek to 
eliminate the risk of spills. 
Spill prevention is integrated into our operational 
planning processes. For example, we install secondary 
containment under our crude oil and produced water 
storage tanks. Additionally, our produced water reuse 
system infrastructure uses specially engineered, 
double-lined water storage facilities with leak 
detection technologies such as pond-level detectors.
Each operating area has spill prevention and 
management plans. These plans include site-
specific information on spill prevention and control, 
countermeasures, waste management, and flow-line 
integrity. If a spill does occur, our spill prevention and 
management plans are designed to facilitate quick 
containment of the spill and implement recovery 
efforts to minimize environmental impact. We conduct 
regular training to review plan requirements and 
personnel responsibilities, including incident response 
training focused on responding to emergencies.
Proactive asset integrity maintenance and facility 
improvements are also important elements of our 
approach to spill prevention, as they help to address 
potential risks associated with infrastructure over 
time, such as corrosion. For example, we perform 
regular inspections and maintenance of relevant 
equipment including tanks, compressors, pipelines, 
line heads, and pumps. A cross-functional group 
supports our asset integrity efforts and facilitates 
innovation and communication of new ideas and 
lessons learned across our operating areas.
Automating Spill Prevention and Management
We have also implemented a range of remote 
monitoring and automated spill prevention systems. 
For example, our control centers in our most active 
areas, which are staffed 24 hours a day, continuously 
monitor pump volumes, line pressure, and other 
operational parameters to proactively identify 
potential issues that could result in a release or other 
operational upset.
We are also continuing to expand implementation of 
our iDetect proprietary leak detection software. This 
technology uses sensors to detect potential leaks in 
real time on flow lines, gathering systems, and lay-flat 
lines for temporary water transfers, including reuse 
water systems. If a potential leak is detected, iDetect 
sends an alarm notification directly to the mobile 
devices of our field personnel, which includes a full 
description and volume estimate of the potential 
leak. We integrated iDetect into other automation 
systems in our control centers, allowing remote 
monitoring in our most active areas and shutdowns if 
a leak is detected. Additionally, iDetect facilitates spill 
prevention by providing data to evaluate the origins of 
leaks and better plan our facility and pipeline designs.
SPILL PREVENTION AND 
MANAGEMENT PRACTICES 
We use multiple methods to help us reduce 
spill risks, including:
•  Site-specific spill prevention and response 
plans 
•  Regular equipment inspections and 
preventative maintenance  
•  Secondary containment on tanks
•  “Nearly full” tank alarms
•   Control-center-based continuous 
monitoring and remote shut-off 
capabilities in our most active areas
•   Automated and remote leak monitoring 
and detection technology, including our 
proprietary iDetectSM software

34 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
OIL AND PRODUCED WATER SPILLS  
AND RECOVERY
EOG tracks and documents the volume, number, and 
rate of oil spills and the volume of produced water 
spills from our U.S. operations, as well as the recovery 
volumes from those spills. We also consider our oil 
spill rate performance in our executive compensation 
program.
EOG has historically reported oil spills outside of 
primary containment that were greater than five 
barrels, because it is the most common regulatory 
spill reporting threshold for our primary operating 
areas. In our 2020 Sustainability Report, we began 
disclosing oil and produced water spills greater than 
one barrel to be more consistent with industry peer 
reporting. While we have continued that practice  
this year, we are also disclosing the total number of  
oil spills. 
  For more information regarding our spill metrics, 
including the relevant definitions and the 
regulatory oil spill reporting requirements (i.e., 
volume thresholds) for our primary operating 
areas, see the Appendix starting on page 65 and 
the Data Tear Sheet starting on page 6.
In 2021, our oil spill rate for spills greater than one 
barrel increased by 50% and our produced water 
spill volume increased 57% from 2020. The increases 
in 2021 were a result of operational challenges and 
SPILL PREVENTION AND MANAGEMENT
conditions experienced during Winter Storm Uri. 
In response, we enhanced our winterization plan 
for critical equipment and will continue to focus 
on preventative maintenance. These efforts will be 
supported by our cross-functional group focused on 
asset integrity and facilities innovation. (See page 33 
for more.)
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
In 2021, we recovered 66% of oil from spills over five 
barrels and 64% of oil from spills over one barrel. 
We also recovered 66% of the total volume of our 
produced water spills over one barrel.
Oil Spill Rates and Recovery
spills over 5 Bbls
2019 2020 2021 2020 2021
Oil Spill Rates and Recovery
spills over 1 Bbl
0.002
0.007
0.002
0.004
0.004
0.007
0.003
0.007
0.003
0.005
Unrecovered Oil Rate (spilled Bbls 
not recovered per Mboe produced)
Oil Spill Rate (Bbls spilled per 
Mboe produced)
Recovered Oil Rate (spilled Bbls 
recovered per Mboe produced)
0.012
0.008
0.010
0.006
0.009

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
35 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Biodiversity and Land Stewardship
EOG is committed to environmental stewardship 
throughout the life cycle of our operations, 
which includes integrating biodiversity and land 
conservation in the planning and management 
of our exploration and production activities and 
subsequent restoration. We also partner with 
local stakeholders, including community groups, 
government agencies, and academic institutions, 
at various stages of project development and 
operation to help conserve local habitats and 
wildlife and collaborate on initiatives that go 
beyond our regulatory requirements.
APPROACH TO BIODIVERSITY AND LAND 
USE MANAGEMENT 
Our approach to managing biodiversity and land use 
seeks to focus on avoidance, and then to minimize, 
mitigate, and offset impacts. We tailor our approach 
to address the unique biodiversity and surface 
features, risks, and opportunities for each site. This 
includes conducting pre-development assessments 
and ongoing monitoring to help avoid and minimize 
potential impacts and to support successful site 
reclamation and restoration. We include third-party 
experts in these reviews as relevant.
As part of our predevelopment process, we evaluate 
locations to identify site characteristics. These reviews 
include desktop assessments for a range of features 
(see accompanying box). In locations where more 
information may be needed, or to confirm our desktop 
analysis, we undertake site visits that include a 
multidisciplinary team of EOG personnel, contractors, 
regulators, and other stakeholders as relevant.
surface areas after active construction, drilling, and 
completions work is finished to minimize impacts 
for wells with ongoing production. We also restore 
surface impacts related to permanent and temporary 
pipelines and access roads once those are no longer 
needed for ongoing operations.
Once production activities are completed we 
decommission wells, including site restoration and 
reclamation. We have regulatory and contractual 
responsibilities to remove assets, including the 
plugging and abandonment of wells at the end of oil 
and natural gas production operations. This process 
involves a number of steps:
•  An internal multidisciplinary team including land, 
geology, production, and reservoir engineering 
personnel reviews the well and develops a well 
closure plan. 
•  Where required, EOG notifies the appropriate state 
or federal agency of the plan to plug and abandon 
the well and provides a closure plan with a wellbore 
closure diagram. 
•  Existing surface production equipment is removed 
and reused at other locations where possible, and 
equipment that cannot be reused is salvaged.
•  Wells are plugged by filling former production 
zones with intervals of cement pursuant to relevant 
state or federal regulations on the size and depth 
of cement plugs. 
•  Once the well is plugged, remaining surface 
equipment is removed and surface restoration 
commences.
We seek to locate well pads and other operations 
where they will avoid impacts to biodiversity or 
cultural resources. We also seek to downsize and 
centralize our drilling and production facilities and 
use directional and horizontal drilling technology with 
longer laterals to reduce our overall surface footprint. 
During facility construction and operations, we 
monitor and adjust our activities to minimize  
potential impacts. 
After active operations are complete, we undertake 
restoration and reclamation. This can include reducing 
well pad footprints as well as restoring impacted 
PREDEVELOPMENT SITE 
ASSESSMENTS
As part of our predevelopment site 
assessments we undertake desktop  
reviews for:
• Protected species and critical habitats 
• Vegetation
• Wetlands and waters of the United States
• Hydrology
• Topography and soils
• Archaeological sites and cultural resources
•  Other special features unique to an 
operational area

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
36 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Beyond our legal, regulatory, and contractual 
obligations, we work in partnership with landowners 
and state and federal regulators to restore land in a 
manner that is responsive to the specific interests of 
the local communities.
Improving Biodiversity Assessment Data to 
Support Habitat Avoidance
In 2020, we began using drones and fixed wing 
aircraft to support location assessments. We 
collect aerial imagery and light detection and 
ranging (LiDAR) remote sensing as part of our 
predevelopment planning in the Permian Basin in 
New Mexico. By combining this high-resolution 
aerial information with environmental data from 
national and state government sources, we are 
able to create three-dimensional elevation maps 
BIODIVERSITY AND LAND STEWARDSHIP
that enhance our ability to visualize and adjust well 
pad and infrastructure locations away from sensitive 
habitat areas and identify areas for targeted on-site 
surveys. We share these combined data sets with 
federal regulators to augment their assessment and 
management tools. 
We also use drone-based data collection to help 
identify raptor nesting locations near our well sites and 
relocate drilling pads outside of raptor nesting areas, as 
illustrated below.
We work with landowners, local communities, 
and regulatory agencies to undertake 
reclamation and restoration projects that 
address the unique biodiversity issues of our 
sites and interests of local communities. 
Management Oversight
EOG personnel from multiple functions, including S&E, 
operations, drilling, and production, participate in the 
predevelopment assessment processes. Executive 
leadership meets with operating areas throughout 
the year to review and discuss topics that can include 
biodiversity-related efforts.
AVOIDING AND MINIMIZING  
BIODIVERSITY IMPACTS
The following are examples of our efforts to avoid and 
minimize biodiversity impacts in our operations. 
  
Raptor nest buffer
Pre-planned drilling pad locations originally 
considered
Adjusted drilling pad locations to conserve 
raptor nesting location based on comprehensive 
data made available through aerial surveys, 
biodiversity data sources, and three-dimensional 
modeling
Using Drone-Based Data Collection to Relocate 
Drilling Outside of Raptor Nesting Areas 
Raptor Nest

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
37 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Avian Monitoring and Conservation Planning 
in the Powder River Basin 
Since 2014, EOG has led a study to develop better 
information on the territory and nesting patterns 
of Ferruginous Hawks, a raptor species that 
nests throughout the basin. Through a project 
developed with, and approved by, the U.S. Bureau 
of Land Management and the Wyoming Game & 
Fish Department, EOG has fitted 16 of these birds 
with GPS transmitters over the last seven years to 
provide real-time, year-round information on their 
movements and specific details on their breeding 
locations and migration patterns. This program 
has allowed us to better support the breeding and 
nesting of Ferruginous Hawks and manage our 
operations to avoid impacts to the hawks, including 
guiding the placement of drilling rigs and timing of 
our operations.  
Protecting Species and Habitats Through 
Candidate Conservation Agreements 
EOG participates in collaborative programs between 
landowners, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, and 
other entities to protect species that are listed as 
endangered (e.g., the Texas Hornshell Mussel) by the 
U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service or are being considered 
for listing as threatened or endangered (e.g., the 
Dunes Sagebrush Lizard and Lesser Prairie Chicken) 
under the Endangered Species Act. Through these 
agreements, we commit to taking mitigative actions 
to protect certain sensitive areas and designated 
habitat zones or contributing funds to support habitat 
restoration and reclamation. 
Creating Owl Towns and Nesting Perches in 
the Permian Basin 
In 2019, we began implementing initiatives to improve 
nesting conditions for raptors and burrowing owls in 
our Permian Basin operations. Since then, we have 
worked with a biologist to install a total of 18 raptor 
nesting platforms and to create four “owl towns” with 
a total of 34 artificial burrows. We continue to monitor 
how the birds respond to these artificial perches and 
burrows, allowing us to modify and improve existing 
equipment and designs. 
BIODIVERSITY AND LAND STEWARDSHIP
RECLAIMING AND RESTORING LANDS
We work with landowners, local communities, and 
regulatory agencies to undertake reclamation 
and restoration projects that address the unique 
biodiversity issues of our sites and interests of local 
communities. 
Sagebrush Reseeding to Accelerate 
Reclamation
In Wyoming, EOG has collaborated with local 
stakeholders to reclaim land previously used as 
water reservoirs for drilling and production activities. 
EOG has worked with Wyoming regulators to plant 
sagebrush seedlings grown by Sheridan College 
students to reestablish vegetation and accelerate the 
restoration of native grasslands and scrublands. Based 
on the growth rates of these sagebrush seedlings, we 
are identifying future planning sites and evaluating 
how to enhance planting practices.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
38 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Expanding on this work, during the summer of 2021, 
EOG personnel collected mature sagebrush from a 
new well site under development and replanted them 
at a reclamation site. For this pilot project, our team 
used special tree and shrub transplant equipment 
to move the plants while keeping the root mass and 
surrounding soil intact. The technique for preserving 
the root structure and accompanying soil supports 
faster plant reestablishment that benefits the habitats 
of local birds.
Restoring Native Texas Grasslands
Since 2015, EOG has supported Texan by Nature, 
a collaborative partnership between natural 
resource users and conservation experts to promote 
conservation efforts that help sustain Texas’s working 
BIODIVERSITY AND LAND STEWARDSHIP
Seismicity
EOG takes a proactive approach to understanding 
seismic activity around our areas of operation. We 
collect and review available geologic data, including 
3D seismic subsurface images. We deploy and help 
fund local seismic monitoring arrays in operating 
areas with active seismicity. We also monitor flow 
rates and pressures in our hydraulic fracturing and 
produced water disposal operations (see Water Reuse 
on page 32 for more information on produced water 
management). This information is integrated into 
our proprietary mapping and analysis applications 
to support the multidisciplinary analyses our staff 
undertake as part of our daily operations. Additionally, 
we work proactively with regulators by providing data 
and other deliverables to support their research and 
planning efforts.
To advance industry knowledge regarding seismicity, 
we participate in research and other initiatives with 
other operators, trade organizations, and academic 
institutions. EOG sponsors scientific research through 
the Center for Integrated Seismicity Research, a 
research center managed by the Bureau of Economic 
Geology. We also serve on the Center for Integrated 
Seismicity Research Science Advisory Committee.
lands, water supplies, and wildlife. In the Eagle Ford, 
EOG is working in partnership with Texan by Nature 
and private landowners to create over 350 acres 
of native pollinator habitat by reseeding well pads, 
pipeline rights of way, and other areas associated with 
our leases with native grasses and nectar-producing 
plants. These grasses and plants can provide high-
protein forage and food plots, which maintain and 
improve habitat conditions for the monarch butterfly 
and numerous other species in this migratory 
corridor. Additionally, the native grasses require less 
maintenance and are more drought tolerant than 
nonnative grasses. Since starting this project in 2019, 
over 60% of the 350-acre commitment has been or 
is planned to be planted, and we continue to identify 
additional sites for reseeding.

39 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
SAFETY PERFORMANCECULTURE IS KEY TO OUR  
SUSTAINABLE SUCCESS
Our decentralized structure empowers and  
drives innovation and performance 
improvements across the company by 
encouraging employees in each operating  
area to develop their own solutions to  
unique challenges 
TOP PLACES TO WORK
Based on the 2021 engagement survey, our 
offices in Artesia, Houston, Oklahoma City, 
and San Antonio were each recognized as a 
Top Workplace by Energage, and EOG was 
included in the Top Workplace USA list
DIVERSE AND INCLUSIVE 
WORKPLACE
22% 
of our executive- and senior-level managers  
are women, a 23% increase from 2020
11%
reduction in  
workforce  
Total Recordable 
Incident Rate  
compared to 2020
15%
reduction in 
workforce  
Lost Time Incident 
Rate compared  
to 2020
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT  
AND INVESTMENT
Understanding and responding to community 
needs is key to creating shared value in the 
communities where we live and work
$7.1 million 
contributed by EOG, our U.S. employees, and 
our directors to support community needs 
2021 HIGHLIGHTS
Social
40  Our Communities 
46  Our People 
52  Safety

40 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Our Communities
Understanding community needs and responding 
to concerns is key to creating shared value in the 
communities where we live and work. 
As a decentralized company, our local engagement 
efforts benefit from the insights of our employees 
and their families who live in the local communities 
where we operate. Each of our operating areas is 
unique, and we proactively engage with community 
stakeholders, including property owners, civic 
leaders, elected officials, first responders, nonprofits, 
and local community groups, to identify and address 
specific community needs and concerns.
ENGAGING IN OUR COMMUNITIES
EOG develops and maintains mutually beneficial 
relationships in the communities where we live and 
work in many ways. The largest and most direct way 
is by providing diverse career opportunities, a large 
percentage of which EOG fills with local candidates. 
We support numerous efforts to help improve 
quality of life through charitable donations and local 
community giving; partnering with local community 
organizations; encouraging local volunteerism; 
investing in initiatives that increase access to science, 
technology, engineering, and math (STEM) education 
in our local communities; and by generating local and 
state tax revenue both directly and indirectly from 
our operations.
Stakeholder engagement is integral to building 
and preserving relationships. In keeping with 
EOG’s culture, our stakeholder outreach efforts 
are decentralized. Local offices are empowered to 
develop and maintain close working relationships 
with community stakeholders, actively communicate 
on a regular basis, and be responsive. 
Our stakeholder engagement includes a wide 
range of activities throughout the life cycle of our 
operations. We meet with community leaders and 
permitting authorities to discuss specific projects 
during the planning process and on an ongoing 
basis. We also reach out to — and engage with — 
community leaders and civic organizations to learn 
how we can support local philanthropic and other 
community efforts. 
In addition, the land personnel in our operating 
areas work closely with surface and mineral owners 
and other community members near our operations 
to communicate plans and address questions and 
concerns. Our Land Administration Call Center 
addresses questions from interest owners, including 
inquiries related to land and royalty ownership.
Respect for Cultures, Traditions, and  
Indigenous Peoples
EOG respects the rights and local traditions of 
stakeholders where we operate. We seek to contribute 
to economic growth, social development, and the 
overall welfare of the community, and to tailor our 
actions to each community’s particular culture. 
ENGAGING STAKEHOLDERS
Partner to build strong 
relationships with stakeholders 
through collaborative efforts
Develop relationships and 
lines of communication with 
local stakeholders, including 
through individual or 
community meetings
Identify local  
stakeholder and potential 
community concerns

41 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
•  Packaged and distributed donations at food banks 
in Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas.
•  Built safe, affordable housing through Habitat 
for Humanity in Denver, Fort Worth, Houston, 
Oklahoma City, and San Antonio.
•  Beautified communities with trash cleanups in Utah 
and Texas, including a section of the Gulf Coast 
EOG adopted through Texas Adopt-A-Beach.
Employees power EOG’s tradition of volunteerism by donating their time to a wide 
range of charitable and community organizations. The company supports this 
culture of volunteering by providing employees with eight hours of paid volunteer 
time annually. This allows employees the flexibility to volunteer their time to support 
community causes that are meaningful to them. Additionally, members of our 
executive team sponsor, organize, and participate in volunteer activities that allow 
our employees to come together with purpose to support community needs. 
Our corporate Energize You wellness program recognizes and encourages 
volunteerism as an important contributor to overall well-being. Participating in 
•   Collected wellness items to support the Center 
for Transforming Lives’ efforts to help women and 
children living in poverty in Fort Worth.
•  Decorated and assembled bags of medically 
tailored meals for Project Angel Heart in Colorado.
•  Encouraged the next generation of STEM 
professionals by guest lecturing at Newcastle  
Public Schools in Oklahoma.
•  Supported educators by participating in an energy 
education workshop in Oklahoma and hosting a 
field tour in Wyoming.
•  Helped deliver classroom supplies to San Antonio 
educators through United Way’s “Write Start 
Project” back-to-school drive.
volunteer activities is one of the ways that employees can earn points toward 
quarterly incentives. In 2021, the wellness program further promoted volunteerism 
through the Community Engagement Challenge, a competition among EOG 
divisions to have the highest percentage of employees using volunteer hours 
for community service activities. It resulted in more than 45 community service 
activities across our operating areas. 
Despite the ongoing pandemic, EOG employees found ways to safely donate their 
time and efforts to a broad range of community projects. 
Health & WellnessSTEM Education & Job Training Community Vitality & Quality of Life
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
 IN FOCUS
EOG Volunteer Culture: Employee Powered, EOG Supported

42 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
OUR COMMUNITIES
As part of our commitment to respect tribal heritage 
resources, we proactively engage federal, state, and 
local land management agencies in multiple jurisdictions 
to create cooperative cultural review and assessment 
protocols. Our goal in these efforts is to address site-
specific concerns based on stakeholder input, local 
knowledge, and cultural preservation best practices. 
•  24-hour hotlines  — We maintain a 24-hour 
compliance and ethics hotline and online 
reporting system through which concerns can be 
shared confidentially and anonymously. We also 
maintain a Land Administration Call Center for 
interest owners. 
  See the Governance section starting on page 55 
for further discussion of our Codes of Business 
Conduct and Ethics and Compliance Program 
and page 62 for more on the investigation and 
resolution process. 
HUMAN TRAFFICKING PREVENTION
EOG has raised awareness and conducts training for 
employees and contractors to identify and prevent 
human trafficking. 
EOG is a corporate sponsor of Truckers Against 
Trafficking, a nonprofit that was formed to educate, 
equip, empower, and mobilize members of the 
trucking, bus, and energy industries to combat 
human trafficking. Human-trafficking-prevention 
educational materials created specifically for energy 
companies by Truckers Against Trafficking are 
available to company personnel. 
EOG is also an active member in other industry 
groups working to raise awareness about human 
trafficking. For example, an EOG representative 
serves on the Board of Directors of the Energy 
Security Council, an organization that brings 
together members of the energy industry and law 
enforcement to collaborate and share best practices 
on different issues, including human trafficking.
COMMUNITY INVESTMENT
EOG employees take pride in their communities,  
and EOG encourages and supports investing in  
and giving back to those communities in a variety  
of ways, including financial and in-kind giving  
and volunteerism. 
Our giving is focused on causes and organizations 
that are of particular importance to our company, our 
local communities, and our employees. In 2021, our 
contributions largely fell into three categories: STEM 
education and job training, health and wellness, and 
community vitality and quality of life.
Stakeholder engagement is integral to building 
and preserving relationships in the communities 
where we live and work. In keeping with EOG’s 
culture, our stakeholder outreach efforts are 
decentralized. Local offices are empowered 
to develop and maintain close working 
relationships with community stakeholders, 
actively communicate on a regular basis, and  
be responsive. 
Stakeholder Grievance Reporting  
Mechanisms
We provide multiple mechanisms for stakeholders  
to report concerns or ask questions related to  
our operations. 
•  Company contacts  — Feedback may be  
provided to company representatives at work 
locations or by contacting representatives in  
the Human Resources or Legal Department as  
well as the Compliance Committee.
CHARITABLE DONATIONS AND  
COMMUNITY GIVING
In 2021, EOG, our U.S. employees, and our 
directors contributed 
$7.1 million
to support charitable and community needs.
This amount included
$2.1 million
in matching gift donations by EOG.

43 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
2021 COMMUNITY INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS
Examples of community investments made in 2021 include the following: 
•  Sponsored a Bike MS team for over 20 consecutive 
years, raising over $245,000 in 2021.
•  Provided financial support to the Carl McCain 
Memorial Foundation to help individuals and 
families who have worked in the energy industry 
cover expenses when they are financially burdened 
by medical costs.
•  Supported organizations such as The Council on 
Recovery, Texas Children’s Hospital, and Hunting 
For The Cure, which provides outdoor experiences 
for children with cancer.
Health & Wellness 
STEM Education & Job Training
•  Donated funds to the Switch Energy Alliance,  
an organization dedicated to inspiring an  
energy-educated future.  
•  Supported the Independent Petroleum Association 
of America Energy Workforce Education Center, 
Community Vitality & Quality of Life
•  Supported more than a dozen food banks, many of 
which were in areas that were hit hard by Hurricane 
Ida in August 2021.
•  Supported efforts to expand adult literacy in 
Houston by helping sponsor Houston’s Adult 
Literacy Blueprint and donating laptops to the 
Mayor’s Office for Adult Literacy.
•  Supported LGBTQ Saves, which provides safe 
spaces for social and personal development of 
lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer 
(LGBTQ) youth, as well as Tony’s Place, a drop-in 
center focusing on LGBTQ+ youth up to 25 years 
of age who are unstably housed, couch surfing, or 
experiencing homelessness.
•  Participated in Discard and Donate and  
Move For Hunger, which are programs that work 
with employees who are relocating to collect 
unwanted household items and unopened food for 
donation to local facilities. 
OUR COMMUNITIES
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
MATCHING GIFTS PROGRAM
EOG has one of the largest matching gifts 
programs in the industry. In 2021, employee 
and director contributions to qualified 
charitable organizations were matched 
dollar for dollar, up to $100,000 per 
employee or director. EOG also matched 
contributions made under our annual United 
Way campaign, which was in addition to the 
matching gifts program limit. 
which encourages students to delve into the energy 
industry and its many career fields, through funding 
of the Exploring Energy Program and providing 
career guidance to high school students.
•  Sponsored students from Cristo Rey Jesuit College 
Preparatory School of Houston through a unique 
corporate work-study program. The program 
provides students of limited economic resources 
with the opportunity to gain work experience and 
earn up to 50% of the cost of their annual tuition.

44 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
OUR COMMUNITIES
Partnering With Local  
Community Organizations 
We invest resources and funds in our communities 
through partnerships with nonprofits and state-
affiliated agencies, which helps to maximize our 
positive impact. Organizations that we have partnered 
with include the Oklahoma Energy Resources Board 
(OERB) and Wyoming Agriculture in the Classroom, 
and we are a founding member of the Permian 
Strategic Partnership (PSP). 
We supported the OERB by participating in workshops 
and roundtables that help educate that state’s next 
generation of innovators and leaders. Wyoming 
Agriculture in the Classroom helps students develop an 
understanding of Wyoming’s resources so that they are 
capable of serving as stewards of that state’s future. 
EOG’s participation includes hosting site visits at some 
of our facilities to help teachers better understand our 
industry and the work we do in their communities. 
   See In Focus — Developing the Next Generation of 
Energy Professionals Through STEM Education  on 
page 45 to learn more. 
SUPPORTING THE PERMIAN STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP
We are a founding member of the Permian Strategic Partnership, which was formed by oil and gas 
companies operating in the Permian Basin region, and we continue to contribute funds and other support to 
the organization annually. The PSP collaborates with citizens, community organizations, private foundations, 
civic leaders, and government officials to develop solutions that strengthen local communities in West Texas 
and southeast New Mexico. From its inception in 2018 through 2021, the PSP has committed over $90 million 
to community-oriented investments in road improvements, quality schools, affordable housing, improved 
health care, and workforce development. In 2021, EOG committed funds to the PSP to support the  
projects below.
Permian Warrior Partnership, a collaboration with 
America’s Warrior Partnership to increase support 
for the approximately 20,000 veterans across the 
Permian Basin region. The partnership aims to 
provide community support for local veterans and 
ensure access to quality services and opportunities. 
A COVID-19 campaign using digital and  
social media, TV, video, and print outlets to 
encourage vaccination.
Efforts to expand the availability of health care 
resources in Permian Basin communities, such as  
the following:
•  Expansions of building infrastructure for 
health-related studies at Odessa College and 
Texas Tech University. These projects aim to 
increase the number of students graduating 
with degrees in health-related fields.  
•  Scholarships for The University of Texas 
Permian Basin and funding for Texas Tech 
University Health Sciences Center’s (TTUHSC) 
Rural Residency Track.   
•  TTUHSC’s Medicine on the Move initiative, 
which will help provide rural communities with 
expanded access to quality and affordable 
health care via mobile health care units. 
The Catalyst workforce development program, 
which aims to align industry training needs with 
the ability of the educational and training systems 
to provide relevant resources. 
UTeach Permian Basin, which focuses on recruiting 
and training STEM majors for the teaching field. 
A SkillPoint Alliance program that aims to provide 
rapid training in fields such as electrical; heating, 
ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC);  
and plumbing.

45 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
The oil and gas industry continues to be transformed by advances in technology 
and innovation that focus on lowering costs, increasing efficiency, and reducing its 
environmental footprint. STEM education has been key in this transformation and 
will help create the next generation of energy professionals. 
EOG invests time and financial contributions in initiatives that increase access to 
STEM education across the communities where we live and work.
We strive to help students foster an interest in science, technology, engineering, and 
math and raise awareness of energy-related STEM careers. EOG supports a range 
of STEM programming that reaches students from elementary school through the 
college and university levels. At the elementary, middle, and high school levels, we 
often partner with a nonprofit or industry organization that promotes early access 
to STEM learning and exposure to STEM-related careers. Our support also includes 
financial contributions to schools and organizations as well as engaging with 
students and educators directly through tours and workshops. 
NEW MEXICO
EOG donated funds to help the Cal Ripken, Sr. 
Foundation build STEM centers that will give 
elementary school students in southeast New 
Mexico opportunities to participate in STEM 
activities. STEM centers will provide hands-on 
learning activities and access to learning tools 
that support STEM education.
Our relationship with Texas A&M International University (TAMIU) is a recent 
example of our STEM support. TAMIU welcomed the first class of students into 
its new petroleum engineering degree program in fall 2021, an important step in 
a multiyear initiative to create access to a petroleum engineering degree in the 
Laredo, Texas community. 
EOG is proud to be among the industry partners to assist TAMIU financially with the 
launch of its new Bachelor of Science degree. Establishing a new degree program 
takes time and commitment; EOG made our first donation to TAMIU in 2013. In 2021, 
we continued our support for the university’s petroleum engineering students by 
creating an endowed scholarship. Full-time undergraduate petroleum engineering 
students who maintain a minimum GPA and meet the federal guidelines for a 
financially disadvantaged student are eligible for the scholarship.
STEM Education Support in Elementary,  
Middle, and High Schools
WYOMING
EOG hosted a group of elementary school teachers for a drilling 
rig tour through Wyoming Agriculture in the Classroom. The 
nonprofit develops STEM and natural-resource-related curricula 
for elementary school students and offers teachers training and 
support to bring the curriculum into their classrooms. 
OKLAHOMA
EOG volunteered with the OERB to educate students and teachers 
on the oil and gas industry and STEM activities in the classroom. 
At a STEM summer camp, middle school students learned about oil 
and gas careers, geology, and safety. Another presentation took 
place at an energy education workshop for K–12 educators and 
covered bringing interactive STEM activities into the classroom. 
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
 IN FOCUS
Developing the Next Generation of Energy Professionals Through STEM Education

46 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Our People
U.S. Employee Tenure
years
5–9
29%
10–14
20%
15–19
7%
20–24
3%
25+
3%
<5
38%
EOG’s culture is key to our sustainable success. 
Innovative and highly engaged employees at all 
levels of the company drive our collaborative 
approach and continuously learn from one 
another. By providing employees with a quality 
work environment and maintaining a consistent 
college recruiting and internship program, EOG is 
able to attract and retain some of the industry’s 
best and brightest — individuals who will embrace 
the company’s culture and our commitment to 
sustainability and corporate responsibility.
RECRUITING AND RETENTION
EOG values attracting and retaining talent, and for 
this reason, we offer competitive salaries, bonuses, 
and a subsidized, comprehensive benefits package. 
EOG also offers a holistic wellness program, tuition 
reimbursement (see page 49), a matching gifts 
program, and a flexible work schedule. New-hire stock 
grants, annual stock grants, and an employee stock 
purchase plan give every employee the opportunity  
to be a participant in the company’s success. (See 
page 50 for more.)
EOG is an equal employment opportunity and 
affirmative action employer. All employment decisions 
are made without regard to factors such as sex, 
race, color, age, religion, national origin, physical 
or mental disability, pregnancy, protected veteran 
status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender 
identity, or any other characteristic protected by law.
2,697
U.S. employees as  
of year-end 2021 
96%
of employees are 
based in the U.S.
29.1%
of employees  
are women
OUR EMPLOYEES
*  As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity 
Commission and based on self-identification by employees.
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT
Our decentralized organization supports engagement 
by empowering employees at all levels to develop 
new ideas that help us improve performance across 
the organization. We engage employees and build 
our collaborative culture by encouraging teams 
throughout the company — and across disciplines  
— to share their thoughts and solutions at regular 
internal conferences and planning sessions. This focus 
on employee empowerment and the cross-pollination 
of ideas underpins our ability to innovate and 
continuously improve.
27.2%
of employees are a 
racial/ethnic minority*
62% 
of employees have 
been with the 
company for five  
or more years
3.8%
voluntary turnover 
rate in 2021

47 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
2020-2022
EOG Resources is a Top 
Workplace three years 
running!
2010-2021
EOG Resources is a 
Top Workplace 12 years 
running!
2013-2021
2013-2021
EOG Resources is a  
Top Workplace nine 
years running!
EOG Resources is a  
Top Workplace nine 
years running!
Top Workplace USA recognizes companies 
that create a positive work environment by 
prioritizing a people-centered culture and 
giving employees a voice.
OUR PEOPLE
In addition to fostering engagement across functions 
and operating areas, members of our executive team 
routinely interact with personnel throughout the 
company. For example, they participate in operating 
area reviews and annual technical conferences with 
employees from across disciplines, as well as the 
annual management conference that is attended by 
leaders from across the company. Furthermore, our 
CEO provides a company update to each operating 
area at least three times per year. 
EOG also facilitates engagement through regular 
all-staff meetings in our operating areas, company 
newsletters, intranet articles, and training. We 
organize a broad range of volunteer activities 
and support employees in volunteering in our 
communities. 
  Read about some of the organizations to which 
our employees gave their time in 2021 in In Focus 
— EOG Volunteer Culture: Employee Powered, EOG 
Supported on page 41.
We engage employees and build our 
collaborative culture by encouraging teams 
throughout the company — and across 
disciplines — to share their thoughts and 
solutions at regular internal conferences and 
planning sessions. This focus on employee 
empowerment and the cross-pollination of 
ideas underpins our ability to innovate and 
continuously improve.
EOG continues to be recognized as a Top Workplace 
by Energage based on an annual survey of employees 
across the company’s operations, reflecting EOG’s 
positive culture and work environment. Based on the 
2021 survey, our offices in Artesia, Houston, Oklahoma 
City, and San Antonio were each recognized as a 
Top Workplace. EOG was also included on the Top 
Workplace USA list, which recognizes companies that 
create a positive work environment by prioritizing a 
people-centered culture and giving employees a voice.
RESPONSE TO COVID-19 PANDEMIC 
As our industry and communities continued to face 
challenges stemming from the COVID-19 pandemic, 
EOG remained focused on keeping employees 
motivated and engaged. Our resilience helped 
us emerge stronger in 2021. We maintained our 
commitment to keeping our employees and their 
families safe and providing the technology and 
support to enable them to not only work safely and 
productively from the office or at home, but also to 
remain engaged and connected across the company. 
This technology and support included proprietary 
in-house applications that employees could access 
through their phones, tablets, and computers, as well 
as an external online collaborative work platform and 
video conferencing capabilities. We also continued to 
adapt our safety protocols as we reopened our offices 
in a phased approach to allow employees to spend 
more time back in the workplace during the last half 
of the year.

48 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
U.S. FEMALE AND MINORITY* EMPLOYEES  
as of December 31, 2021
OUR PEOPLE
Female Representation
Total Executive- and 
Senior-Level Managers*
First- and Mid-Level 
Managers*
Professionals* All Other
2019 2020 2021
17.6%
8.8%
21.6%
2019 2020 2021
30.0% 30.3% 29.1%
2019 2020 2021
18.3% 16.4% 17.6%
2019 2020 2021
36.0% 36.6% 35.1%
2019 2020 2021
31.4% 32.9% 30.5%
11.8% 11.8% 10.8%
25.0% 25.9% 27.2%
17.5% 18.8% 20.2%
28.3% 28.8% 31.0%
26.5% 27.7% 28.4%
Minority*,+ Representation
Total Executive- and 
Senior-Level Managers*
First- and Mid-Level 
Managers*
Professionals* All Other
2019 2020 20212019 2020 2021 2019 2020 2021 2019 2020 2021 2019 2020 2021
U.S. EMPLOYEE AGES  
years
<30
9%
30–39
40%
40–49
26%
50–59
15%
60+
10%
We focus on developing our employees 
for meaningful career opportunities, 
including promotion into supervisory and 
management positions and enhanced 
compensation opportunities. 
DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
EOG and our employees have a collective 
responsibility for creating a workplace where 
everyone feels included and respected. EOG values 
gender, racial, ethnic, and cultural diversity. We 
believe diversity in background and experience lead 
to diversity of thought, which helps drive innovation.
We have taken steps to raise employee awareness 
and provide leadership support to help advance 
our diversity and inclusion (D&I) efforts. We have 
a D&I Working Group to engage employees at the 
grassroots level and help develop and implement 
D&I initiatives. Sponsored by an executive-level 
steering committee, the working group is made up 
of employees from multiple disciplines across our 
operating areas and typically meets monthly. 
Among our other D&I efforts, we have enhanced our 
approach to college recruiting. At schools where EOG 
has established recruiting pipelines, we are expanding 
our efforts by partnering with student and university 
organizations that focus on underrepresented 
groups, including female and minority students. This 
includes sponsoring student events, lunches, and 
speakers. In 2021, we also conducted recruiting at an 
expanded group of colleges, with a focus on building 
relationships with minority-serving institutions. 
To provide context around our demographics across 
the company, our disclosures include information on 
female and minority representation. 
*  As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
+  Based on self-identification by employees.

49 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT 
EOG provides training in leadership, management 
skills, communication, team effectiveness, technical 
skills, and use of EOG systems and applications. We 
focus on developing our employees for meaningful 
career opportunities, including promotion into 
supervisory and management positions and enhanced 
compensation opportunities. Our leadership training, 
in particular, is focused on providing continuity of 
leadership at EOG by further developing the skills 
needed to lead a multidisciplined, diverse, and 
decentralized workforce.
EOG also holds several internal technical conferences 
each year designed to share best practices and 
technical advances across the company. These annual 
conferences cover exploration, drilling, completions, 
reservoir engineering, production, facilities, and 
safety and environmental topics. EOG is a member 
of the RPS Nautilus Training Alliance, the premier 
membership-based training program for the oil and 
gas industry. Technical personnel are encouraged to 
attend this training annually. 
EOG’s Tuition Reimbursement Program provides 
90% reimbursement for postsecondary education 
that either better qualifies an employee for present 
duties or prepares the employee for future placement 
within the company. The policy also provides 100% 
reimbursement for professional certification tests, 
such as professional engineer or certified public 
accountant. 
WELLNESS
We are committed to the health and wellness of our 
employees. Wellness at EOG encompasses more 
than just physical health — it includes emotional, 
social, and financial health. It is important to us that 
our programs and benefits help our employees find 
success both in their personal and professional lives.
Wellness Program
Our Energize You wellness program, administered 
through Virgin Pulse, gives employees the opportunity 
to earn points that can be used to receive cash, 
to make donations to charities, or to purchase 
merchandise from an online store. Employees earn 
points by taking “journeys,” which are daily, self-
guided online courses to help build healthy habits. 
OUR PEOPLE
  For more detailed information, see the Data 
Tear Sheet starting on page 6. In addition to the 
diversity metrics presented in this report, we 
also make a copy of our EEO-1 Report available in 
the Sustainability section of our website. EEO-1 
report data is based on a pay period in the fourth 
quarter of a given year, which was December 18 
through December 31 for the 2021 report, and 
adheres to reporting requirements of the U.S. Equal 
Employment Opportunity Commission. As a result, 
EEO-1 report data may differ from our employment 
data reported as of December 31, including in this 
sustainability report.
They can also earn points through various types of 
coaching, volunteering in the community, attending 
safety meetings, making charitable donations, 
donating blood, taking part in team challenges,  
and more. 
EOG promotes engagement, awareness, education, 
and prevention throughout the year by supporting 
wellness-themed activities for employees. These 
activities are planned by more than 80 active 
volunteer Wellness Ambassadors across the company 
and include lunch and learns on health-related topics; 
donation drives for food, clothing, or school supplies; 
and virtual workout challenges and classes.

50 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
BENEFITS PROGRAM
Helping our employees stay healthy and 
plan for their futures is important to EOG. 
Our benefits program is designed to 
support a holistic approach to employee 
wellness. We provide U.S. employees with 
medical, prescription drug, vision, and dental 
coverage. These benefits are also available 
to our employees’ legally recognized 
spouses and eligible dependents. EOG 
provides both short- and long-term disability 
protection, basic life, and accidental death 
and dismemberment coverage as well. 
Two new benefits for medical plan members 
added in 2021 were Lyra Health and Hinge 
Health. We have long prioritized the mental 
and emotional well-being of employees 
through our Employee Assistance Program 
(EAP), and using Lyra Health as an EAP 
provider further enhanced the scope and 
availability of the services offered. Lyra’s 
evidence-based mental health platform gives 
access to a curated network of clinicians. 
Hinge Health provides an easy-to-access 
digital platform for addressing back pain or 
other musculoskeletal issues through self-
guided exercise therapy sessions. 
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Savings and Retirement Plan 
EOG matches employee 
contributions up to 6% and 
makes annual retirement 
contributions ranging from  
3%–9% based on employee age  
and years of service up to 
statutory limits.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
Employees have the opportunity 
to purchase our common stock at 
a 15% discount on certain dates 
during set offering periods, with 
no commission or fees and subject 
to applicable statutory limits.
Performance-Based 
Compensation
Employees are eligible to 
receive annual salary increases, 
annual stock grants, and a 
discretionary annual bonus.
Family Care Pay
We offer up to 160 hours of paid time 
off for the birth, adoption, or foster care 
of a child, or serious health condition of 
an employee’s spouse, child, or parent, 
and any step or in-law relationship 
that applies to those listed. This pay is 
in addition to paid leave available to 
mothers following the birth of a child.
Sick Pay
We offer 56 hours of paid time for 
an employee’s or eligible family 
member’s illness or injury and routine 
and preventative medical, dental, and 
vision appointments, in addition to 
short-term disability protection.
Ovia Health 
This maternity and family 
benefits platform offers apps that 
provide support across the entire 
parenthood journey. Features 
include a health assessment, 
symptom tracking, one-on-one 
coaching, and return-to-work 
support.
Health Savings Account With 
Company Contributions
This program allows employees 
to save pretax dollars to pay for 
qualified medical, dental, and vision 
expenses. EOG contributes up to 
$1,000 annually to the accounts of 
participating employees.
Employee Assistance Program 
This comprehensive, confidential 
support program provides employees 
and their eligible family members 
with counseling services to support 
mental well-being. Provided 
through Lyra, this benefit includes 
16 free sessions with a mental health 
professional.
Adoption Assistance 
We offer $5,000 in 
reimbursement to help 
offset costs associated 
with adoption.
Volunteer Pay
We offer eight hours of paid 
volunteer time for a company-
sponsored event or any 
volunteer activity for which 
hours are documented.
Flexible Work Hours 
Early Friday schedules 
allow most employees a 
reduced workday  
on Friday.
EMPLOYEE  
BENEFITS
OUR PEOPLE

51 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Decentralized Structure Fosters Innovation
EOG is unique in our ability to leverage our culture and operating structure to get 
incrementally better every year. Our decentralized model fosters innovation across 
operating areas and compounds the impact of innovation by taking ideas born in one 
operating area and expanding them across multiple basins and across multiple functions 
— from innovative completion techniques and drilling motor designs to improved 
procurement practices like self-sourced sand to information-technology-driven solutions 
to reduce emissions. 
Executive leadership works to empower every employee as a decision-maker, idea  
generator, and critical contributor to EOG’s performance and success. This empowerment 
is further bolstered by giving employees access to real-time performance data across 
a wide range of operational and financial functions with more than 140 proprietary 
applications developed in-house through cross-functional collaboration. 
Once improvement ideas have been identified locally, we foster collaborative, 
multidisciplinary teams across each of our operating areas to innovate, test, and share 
new technologies and practices to improve performance across everything we do. 
Examples of our communication and collaboration forums include the following: 
Technical conferences bring employees from across our operating areas who work in 
the same discipline together to present and discuss ideas. Annual technical conferences 
are held for nearly every discipline across our operations (e.g., Drilling, Exploration) and 
support functions (e.g., Safety and Environmental, Accounting).
Division reviews are hosted by each EOG operating area multiple times a year to share 
performance as well as new innovations and to collect input from executive management. 
Executive management engages in daylong reviews of each operating and support 
discipline.
Specialized functional teams , such as our Sustainable Power Group (SPG), strategic 
water resources team, and Safety and Environment Group, share expertise and learnings 
from across the company on topics including emissions reduction, water management, 
and environmental and safety performance. 
The EOG Technology Center provides a venue that functions as an innovation 
laboratory to test ideas and technological advancements for improved operational 
performance, including emissions reductions and produced water spill management.
The validity of our approach can be seen in the results from everyday operational 
practices to large projects. Closed Loop Gas Capture (CLGC) is one such success story. 
This technology provides an alternative to the flaring that can result from downstream 
market interruptions. While the idea was initiated by employees operating in the 
Delaware Basin, the innovative solution has since been shared across the company.  
Other operating areas are conducting pilot projects to understand its localized 
application. We have also supported regulatory adoption of CLGC, which has led  
to a successful partnership with the government of New Mexico for the approval  
of this technology. 
In another example, we established the SPG to support emissions performance efforts. 
The SPG provides centralized communication and coordination to maximize contributions 
from across the organization. The group brings together employees who understand the 
unique features of each of our operational areas and have strong working relationships 
with their colleagues across disciplines and areas. Building on this knowledge and 
rapport, they test technologies in the field, utilize the EOG Technology Center, and then 
share results with the goal of scaling successful emission management solutions.
See In Focus — iSense Continuous Leak Detection System  on page 24 for another 
example of innovation at EOG.
 IN FOCUS
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Advancing a Culture of Innovation
Cross-company 
communication channels
Executive empowerment  
and oversight
Access to real-time 
performance data
Multidisciplinary teams  
across operating areas

52 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
EOG believes that leadership, commitment, and 
communication are key characteristics of safe 
operations. We also emphasize the importance 
of having our employees and contractors take 
personal responsibility for conducting operations 
in a safe manner. 
The majority of our safety personnel are based 
in our operating area offices to support our 
decentralized organization. Their reporting structure 
is to our companywide Vice President, Safety and 
Environmental, and ultimately to our Chief Operating 
Officer (COO). This approach promotes local 
responsibility while supporting implementation of 
companywide processes across our areas of operation. 
To foster accountability, EOG’s safety performance is 
also considered in evaluating employee performance 
and compensation, including executive compensation. 
EOG discusses safety management across the 
company in a variety of ways to drive the sharing of 
ideas and continuous improvement. For example, 
our Safety Support team, composed of safety 
representatives from all operating areas, holds 
regular meetings to share area-specific safety matters 
and projects. The team also shares resources and 
collaborates on safety-focused projects. 
Safety performance is reported to supervisors and 
division leadership regularly. Senior leadership for each 
of our operating areas also provides regular reports to 
our executive management on safety performance and 
related matters.
SAFETY PREPAREDNESS AND TRAINING
Knowing what to do and how to do it is critical to 
strong, consistent performance. We provide initial, 
periodic, and refresher safety training to employees 
and contractors. These safety training programs focus 
on topics such as operating procedures, safe work 
practices, and emergency and incident response. 
Safety
While practices vary across operating areas, they can 
include the following: 
•  Providing the Safe Practices Manual to employees 
and contractors and making it available online for 
easy reference
•  Offering safety training courses for EOG employees 
and contractors who work at EOG’s facilities, plus 
additional online safety and operational courses  
to employees
INTEGRATED SAFETY PRACTICES
At EOG, we strive to achieve strong, consistent  
safety performance across our operations. We  
have implemented several practices to help drive  
this performance. 
All workers are empowered to proactively identify 
and communicate potential hazards, near misses, and 
other safety issues. These observations can help us 
to recognize trends and identify and mitigate factors 
that can lead to incidents. We collect incident data to 
identify trends and implement corrective actions as 
necessary. (See Monitoring Performance — Incident 
Rates on page 54.) 
Hazards and appropriate safety precautions are 
assessed, identified, and discussed in prejob safety 
meetings before tasks are performed. As necessary, 
we also conduct safety stand-downs in which we stop 
work across an operation to discuss safety hazards 
and mitigations. 
PROMOTING SAFE OPERATIONS
To help promote safe operations, we  
seek to: 
•  Communicate a vision for safe operations 
that is both visible and consistent 
•  Empower all personnel to be proactive 
and use their stop-work authority 
•  Take measures to continuously improve 
the safety of our operations 
•  Support our contractors’ safety programs
SAFETY MANAGEMENT AND OVERSIGHT
EOG’s safety management processes provide a 
framework for assessing safety performance in a 
systematic way. Guided by our companywide Safety 
and Environmental Policy and Safe Practices Manual, 
these processes are adaptable to the specific risks 
and conditions of our operating areas.

53 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
SAFETY
All employees and contractors working on our sites 
have the authority — and are encouraged — to 
request that work be stopped if they are concerned 
about safety. This allows personnel to ask questions or 
confirm procedures. Employees can also report safety 
concerns or grievances through our ethics hotline, 
which is managed by a third party. (See page 62 
for more.)
SAFETY HAZARD IDENTIFICATION 
AND RISK MANAGEMENT PRACTICES 
Our practices related to hazard identification 
and risk management include:
•  Providing initial, periodic, and refresher 
safety training
•  Collecting incident data and conducting 
trend analysis
•  Identifying  and reporting potential 
hazards and near misses
•  Utilizing work methods that manage the 
level of risk
•  Taking corrective actions as necessary
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
SAFE DRIVING
Driving is a common aspect of our work given the 
remote location of many EOG operations. We work to 
equip our employees with tools related to safe driving 
practices including:
•  Awareness — Our Safe Practices Manual 
includes specific guidance on our vehicle safety 
expectations and practices.
•  Training — Safe driving practices are a common 
focus in our field safety meetings. We also offer 
specific hands-on, decision-based driver training, 
as available.
•  GPS Monitoring — We equip EOG vehicles with 
GPS-based vehicle monitoring systems, which 
provide data for driver feedback that increases 
driver awareness and allows for focused driver-
skills training.
•  Route Planning — We plan our travel logistics to 
route truck traffic onto secondary roads and time 
our activities outside of local high-traffic times 
where possible.
PROMOTING SAFETY THROUGH  
CONTRACTOR ENGAGEMENT 
We engage with our contractors on safety matters. 
This engagement includes reviewing the safety 
practices and performance of contractors with master 
service agreements to perform work on our locations. 
In addition, we assess the safety performance of 
contractors and the programs they have in place while 
working on location for EOG, monitor performance, 
and provide them with various training opportunities. 
(See page 52 for more.)
Since 2019, we have used a third-party vendor 
or internal systems to support prescreening and 
ongoing reviews of contractors, including tracking 
their safety performance and management programs. 
EOG undertakes assessments of certain contractors’ 
compliance with our safety standards. Additionally, 
certain contractor reviews are completed for different 
safety-related elements. This includes reviewing safety 
policies, procedures, and training, as well as on-site 
safety performance assessments to review contractor 
compliance with our safety requirements. 
EMERGENCY RESPONSE 
Each of EOG’s operating areas develops and maintains 
a written plan that provides a framework for rapid and 
effective response to emergency situations to protect 
local communities, our employees and contractors, 
and the environment. These plans support, and are 
components of, EOG’s corporate Crisis Management 
Plan, which details our overall corporate response 
should an emergency occur. Emergency response 
plans include a tiered response level for activation 
of the plan based on the type of incident and the 
response required. 
These plans are updated as needed, and training 
is provided to relevant field and office personnel, 
including contractors as needed. We also conduct 
periodic drills, including incident command system 
training and tabletop drills, to prepare EOG employees 
and contractors to respond appropriately to incidents.

54 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
2019
0.20
0.67
0.61
2020
0.56
0.42 0.45
2021
0.37 0.41 0.40
Employee
Contractor
Workforce
Total Recordable Incident Rate*
incidents per 200,000 hours worked 
2019
0.10
0.21 0.19
2020
0.13 0.13 0.13
2021
0.03
0.13 0.11
Employee
Contractor
Workforce
Lost Time Incident Rate*
incidents per 200,000 hours worked 
Our workforce Total Recordable Incident Rate 
(TRIR) fell by 11% in 2021 following double-digit 
percentage improvements in each of the preceding 
two years. We also saw a 15% reduction in workforce 
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) in 2021. We believe 
the reductions in our workforce safety metrics over 
the past several years reflect a number of factors, 
including the increased availability of safety data and 
our continued engagement with contractors.
  See the Appendix starting on page 65 for related 
formulas and definitions and the Data Tear Sheet 
starting on page 6 for expanded safety metrics, 
including work-related fatalities.
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
SAFETY
MONITORING PERFORMANCE — INCIDENT RATES
*   EOG utilizes the industry-standard measurement, as established by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), of 
incidents (injuries) per 200,000 hours worked in calculating the total recordable incident rate and lost time incident rate. We work 
closely with our contractors to capture the hours worked by their employees and subcontractors.

55 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
Governance
56 Board of Directors 
59   Oversight and  
Practices 
CYBERSECURITY
Data and information technology systems 
are supported by the continued evaluation 
and modification of our business continuity 
plans as well as our cyberthreat detection and 
mitigation systems.
BOARD OVERSIGHT
EOG’s strong corporate governance 
practices enhance board and management 
accountability to our stockholders and other 
stakeholders and enhance our risk oversight 
and management efforts.
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION  
TIED TO ESG
In 2021, the Compensation and Human 
Resources Committee again established a 
separately weighted ESG-related annual 
performance goal to:
•  Reduce GHG, methane, and flaring 
emissions intensity rates
•  Reduce total recordable incident rate
•  Reduce oil spill rates
•  Increase wellhead gas capture rate
BOARD DIVERSITY AND TENURE
The composition of EOG’s Board reflects a 
balance of experience and perspectives. 
9.1 YEARS
average director tenure  
(as of October 5, 2022)
33% 
of directors are women or are  
racially/ethnically diverse
2/3 
of Board committee chairs are women
2021 HIGHLIGHTS

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
56 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Board of Directors
Currently, our Board of Directors comprises eight 
nonemployee, independent directors, and our 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, 
Ezra Yacob. 
All directors are elected annually under a majority-
vote standard, which provides our stockholders 
with a meaningful voice in the annual director 
election process. Our Board committees — the 
Audit Committee, the Compensation and Human 
Resources Committee, and the Nominating, 
Governance and Sustainability Committee — are 
each solely composed of independent directors. 
The independent directors regularly meet in 
executive sessions led by the independent Presiding 
Director, who is elected annually by the independent 
directors of our Board. The independent Presiding 
Director, whose duties are set forth in our Corporate 
Governance Guidelines, plays a valuable role in 
the overall leadership of the Board and serves as 
a liaison between our Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers, 
and the independent directors. 
EOG BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Janet Clark
DIRECTOR SINCE 2014
Nominating, Governance 
and Sustainability 
Committee Chair 
Charlie Crisp
DIRECTOR SINCE 2002
Bob Daniels
DIRECTOR SINCE 2017
Jim Day
DIRECTOR SINCE 2008
2022 Presiding Director
Cris Gaut
DIRECTOR SINCE 2017
Audit Committee Chair
Mike Kerr
DIRECTOR SINCE 2020
Julie Robertson
DIRECTOR SINCE 2019
Compensation and Human 
Resources Committee Chair
Don Textor
DIRECTOR SINCE 2001
Ezra Yacob
DIRECTOR SINCE 2021
Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
57 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
DIRECTOR DIVERSITY, SKILLS,  
AND EXPERIENCE
The directors serving on our Board possess diverse 
professional experiences, skills, and backgrounds. 
Our directors also have high standards of personal 
and professional ethics, proven records of success in 
their respective fields, and valuable knowledge of our 
business and of the oil and gas industry. 
  See Key Director Skills and Areas of Experience  
on page 58 for descriptions of certain key skills and 
areas of experience that we believe are relevant to 
our business, along with a matrix setting forth the 
number of our current directors that possess each 
skill or area of experience.
Our Board and the Nominating, Governance and 
Sustainability Committee regularly review the 
composition, performance, and skillsets of the Board 
and Board committees. In deciding what the Board’s 
priorities should be for further refreshment, we take 
into account the results of the Board evaluations; 
the current composition of the Board; the areas of 
experience, skillsets, and diversity of our directors; 
and the attributes of potential director candidates. 
The Board and the Nominating, Governance and 
Sustainability Committee also actively seek to 
create a pipeline of individuals qualified to become 
Board members, including candidates with diverse 
ethnic and racial backgrounds and gender diversity. 
The Nominating, Governance and Sustainability 
Committee utilizes various approaches for identifying 
director candidates, including recommendations 
from current and former EOG directors, EOG’s 
contacts in the business community, and professional 
search firms. If we engage a search firm to assist in 
identifying candidates for the Board, our policy is 
to instruct the search firm to seek out and present 
qualified women and minority candidates for  
consideration.
In evaluating director candidates and Board 
committee appointees, the Nominating, Governance 
and Sustainability Committee considers a person’s 
range of professional experience, skills, background, 
and diversity in gender and race, as well as other 
credentials and qualifications, including those set 
forth in our Corporate Governance Guidelines.
BOARD DIVERSITY AND TENURE
We have advanced diversity on the Board in part 
through refreshment, including the appointment 
of three new directors in the past three years. 
These charts reflect the diversity and tenure of 
our Board as of October 5, 2022.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Board Tenure
10+Years
33%
6–10 Years
11%
0–5 Years
56%
9.1 years
average 
director tenure 
Women
2
Racially/
Ethnically
Diverse
1 33%
of directors are 
women or are
racially/ethnically 
diverse
Director Diversity

58 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
KEY DIRECTOR SKILLS AND AREAS OF EXPERIENCE 
Below are descriptions of certain key skills and areas of experience that we believe are relevant to our business, along 
with a matrix setting forth the number of our current directors that possess each skill or area of experience.
SKILL/EXPERIENCE RELEVANCE NUMBER OF DIRECTORS
Executive 
Management
Has a demonstrated record of leadership and 
valuable perspectives on issues affecting large 
and complex organizations.
9
8
7
3
4
9
9
Financial 
Reporting, 
Accounting & 
Finance
Has an understanding of, and experience with, 
financial reporting and accounting matters and 
capital markets matters (both debt and equity) 
relevant to a large, publicly traded company.
9
8
7
3
4
9
9
Energy Industry 
(Upstream 
Exploration)
Contributes valuable perspective on issues 
specific to our operations in the upstream 
exploration sector of the oil and gas industry.
9
8
7
3
4
9
9
Energy Industry 
(Marketing & 
Midstream)
Contributes valuable perspective on issues 
specific to our operations in the marketing and 
midstream sector of the oil and gas industry.
9
8
7
3
4
9
9
Energy Industry 
(Oilfield Services)
Contributes valuable perspective on issues 
specific to the oilfield services sector (as it 
relates to our operations) of the oil and  
gas industry.
9
8
7
3
4
9
9
Corporate 
Governance & Risk 
Management
Has an understanding of, and experience 
with, the roles of corporate strategy and risk 
management necessary for organizational 
performance.
9
8
7
3
4
9
9
International Provides valuable insights into the international 
aspects of our business and operations.
9
8
7
3
4
9
9
SKILL/EXPERIENCE RELEVANCE NUMBER OF DIRECTORS
Governmental & 
Regulatory
Has an understanding of the role governmental 
and regulatory actions and decisions may have 
on our business.
9
6
9
9
9
4
6
Public Company 
Board Service
Contributes an understanding of corporate 
governance practices and trends and insights 
into board management.
9
6
9
9
9
4
6
Environmental, 
Health & Safety
Strengthens the Board’s oversight and 
understanding of the interrelationship between 
environmental and safety matters and our 
operational activities and strategy.
9
6
9
9
9
4
6
Human Resources 
& Compensation
Has an understanding of compensation factors 
and components that influence the attraction, 
motivation, and retention of a talented 
workforce.
9
6
9
9
9
4
6
Civic, Community 
& Charitable 
Organizations
Contributes to a better understanding 
of sustainable engagements with the 
communities in which we do business.
9
6
9
9
9
4
6
Technical, 
Geologic, and 
Engineering
Education background brings an 
understanding of technical, geologic, and 
engineering disciplines necessary for the 
identification of our exploration plays and 
development of our prospect inventory.
9
6
9
9
9
4
6
Information 
Technology
Contributes to the Board’s understanding of 
innovative information technology applications 
utilized in our operations and business.
9
6
9
9
9
4
6
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
59 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG’s strong corporate governance practices 
enhance board and management accountability 
to our shareholders and other stakeholders and 
enhance our risk oversight and management efforts.
BOARD RISK OVERSIGHT OF ESG MATTERS
Our Board has primary responsibility for risk 
oversight, including risks related to environmental, 
social, and governance matters. To ensure that our 
Board has a comprehensive view of EOG’s overall risk 
exposure, the Board regularly reviews our long-term 
strategic plans. Principal issues and risks that we may 
face in executing those plans — including regulatory, 
legal, market, financial, reputational, and ESG-related 
risks — are evaluated along with the processes we 
employ to identify, manage, and mitigate such risks. 
To assist with its risk oversight responsibility, the 
Board delegates certain elements of its oversight 
functions to one or more of its standing committees. 
The Nominating, Governance and Sustainability 
Committee has primary responsibility for oversight 
and guidance of ESG-related matters. As part of 
this responsibility, the Committee reviews potential 
ESG-related impacts to the company and makes 
recommendations to the Board, our Audit Committee, 
Compensation and Human Resources Committee, and 
management, as appropriate.
The Audit Committee  has primary responsibility 
for oversight of our guidelines and policies with 
respect to risk assessment and risk management, 
including major financial and other risk exposures, 
Oversight and Practices
such as cybersecurity risks. The Audit Committee 
also oversees our Ethics and Compliance Program 
and policies, as well as Internal Audit function, and 
monitors the results of compliance efforts. (See  
Page 62 for a related discussion.) 
The Compensation and Human Resources 
Committee, in consultation with the Board and 
the Nominating, Governance and Sustainability 
Committee, oversees matters relating to our human 
capital management. Our approach to human 
capital management focuses on employee culture, 
recruiting, and retention; compensation, training, and 
development; diversity and inclusion; and safety. For 
additional discussion regarding these areas, see Our 
People, starting on page 46, and Safety, starting on 
page 52.
While all our current directors have experience 
with environmental, safety, human resources, and 
compensation matters, members of our senior 
management assist the Board with their risk oversight 
function by presenting and discussing emerging ESG-
related risks — including risks associated with climate 
change — throughout the year. In addition, at least 
once per year, members of senior management report 
to our Board on EOG’s safety and environmental 
performance, climate-related scenario analyses, 
sustainability disclosures, and feedback from key 
stakeholders on ESG and other issues, in addition to 
reviewing trends and other industry information. 
Our Board, Compensation and Human Resources 
Committee, and Nominating, Governance and 
Sustainability Committee also receive regular reports 
from — and have regular discussions with — our  
Vice President, Human Resources and other members 
of our senior management on various human capital 
management topics, including peer benchmarking 
data and trends.
To ensure that our Board has a comprehensive 
view of EOG’s overall risk exposure, the 
Board regularly reviews our long-term 
strategic plans. Principal issues and risks 
that we may face executing those plans — 
including regulatory, legal, market, financial, 
reputational, and ESG-related risks — are 
evaluated along with the processes we employ 
to identify, manage, and mitigate such risks.
ROLE OF MANAGEMENT IN ASSESSING  
AND MANAGING ESG MATTERS
Our executive management team is responsible 
for supporting our Board and its committees in 
discharging their risk oversight functions, including 
with respect to ESG matters. The executive 
management team works with personnel across the 
company to assess and manage risks, implement 
sustainability efforts, and report performance. Ideas 
for improvement are generated by multidisciplinary 
teams at every level of the organization, with 
members of executive management providing 
centralized oversight of key issue areas.
  See In Focus: Decentralized Structure Fosters 
Innovation on page 51 to learn more.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
60 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
For example, our President and Chief Operating 
Officer (COO) provides overall leadership for 
safety and environmental matters, including risks 
and opportunities in connection with emissions 
management and climate change. As part of our 
integrated approach to management of these  
matters, our Director of Sustainability, our Vice 
President, Safety and Environmental, and our  
Manager of Sustainable Power regularly brief 
executive management on these matters. 
Our Safety and Environmental (S&E) Group and 
Sustainable Power Group also meet regularly with 
our COO to discuss emissions reduction strategies 
and play critical roles in assessing and managing 
safety and environmental risks across the company.
The S&E Group is responsible for managing and 
measuring environmental and safety performance. 
They work collaboratively with our operations 
group on initiatives related to our technologies and 
practices for managing safety and environmental 
matters and with other departments with respect  
to related policy and regulatory matters. The  
S&E Group’s senior leadership is centralized at 
EOG’s Houston headquarters and includes our Vice 
President, Safety and Environmental, our Director 
of Safety and Environmental, our Director of Water 
Resources, our Directors of Environmental, and 
our Director of Safety. Field-level management of 
safety and environmental matters is performed 
by S&E personnel that work in our operating area 
offices and live in the local communities. As such, the 
majority of EOG’s S&E staff is integrated with EOG’s 
operations in order to effectively manage day-to-day 
safety and environmental matters.
 The Sustainable Power Group is dedicated to 
supporting EOG’s efforts to identify and implement 
emissions reduction initiatives. The Sustainable 
Power Group (SPG) comprises engineers and other 
specialists and is led by our Manager of Sustainable 
Power, who reports to the group’s Executive Vice 
President. The team provides leadership and supports 
our culture of innovation to develop and apply 
technologies and other solutions to help achieve our 
emissions targets and net zero ambition. 
To facilitate a consistent team effort in assessing and 
managing environmental and safety risks across the 
company, S&E leaders across all of our operating 
area offices and S&E personnel at our Houston 
headquarters meet throughout the year to discuss our 
safety and environmental policies, best practices, and 
related risks. The team also periodically updates our 
executive management regarding progress toward 
our safety and environmental strategic goals and any 
related risks. 
EOG has also implemented the following practical 
mechanisms as part of our efforts to identify, assess, 
and manage environmental and safety matters and 
facilitate continuous improvement and consistency 
throughout our decentralized operations:
•  Regular reports to our executive management from 
both the senior leadership in each of our operating 
areas on their area’s safety and environmental 
performance and related matters and the SPG
•  S&E conferences attended by the S&E teams from 
each operating area and senior executives
•  Regular meetings among EOG’s S&E personnel to 
share information, best practices, and goals 
•  Regular S&E training, available to employees  
and contractors, as applicable
•  Discussion of ESG matters at EOG’s in-house 
drilling, completions, and production & facilities 
technical conferences to increase engagement by 
our operations personnel
•  Environmental staff dedicated to GHG emissions 
data collection and analysis 
•  Monthly meetings to discuss production and 
facility GHG emissions that are attended by a 
multidisciplinary team, including production facility 
engineers, the SPG, and representatives from our 
legal, sustainability, S&E, and information  
systems groups
OVERSIGHT AND PRACTICES

61 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
2022 ESG-RELATED  
ANNUAL PERFORMANCE 
GOAL 
ESG-related performance is evaluated 
under a separately weighted ESG-related 
goal as part of the Annual Bonus Plan. The 
weighting of this goal increased from 5% 
to 7.5% for 2021 and to 10% for 2022. It 
includes the following criteria: 
•  Reduction of each of our GHG, methane, 
and flaring emissions intensity rates 
below 2021 levels
•  Total recordable incident rate and oil  
spill rates below the averages of the prior 
three years
•  Wellhead gas capture rate of at  
least 99.8%
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
EOG’s executive compensation program is designed 
to attract and retain a highly qualified and motivated 
management team and reward individual executive 
officers for their contributions to the achievement 
of our key short-term and long-term goals. EOG’s 
executive officers are eligible to receive bonuses 
under the Annual Bonus Plan based on the 
achievement of operational, financial, and strategic 
goals established by the Compensation and Human 
Resources Committee of the Board. The Committee 
believes that setting specific performance goals 
around continuous improvement helps establish 
important benchmarks and communicates EOG’s top 
priorities to our executive officers and employees.
Our ESG-related annual performance goals have 
historically incorporated improving our strong S&E 
record, including reducing our recordable incident 
and oil spill rates. In 2019, the Compensation and 
Human Resources Committee expanded the ESG-
related annual performance goals to include the 
reduction of EOG’s GHG emissions intensity rate and 
methane emissions intensity rate, in each case for 
2019, below prior years.
In 2020, the Compensation and Human Resources 
Committee again expanded our ESG-related annual 
performance goals. Based on its review of our 
compensation program and shareholder feedback,  
the Committee established a separately weighted 
ESG-related annual performance goal to reduce our 
GHG, methane, and flaring emissions intensity rates, 
total recordable incident rate, and oil spill rates below  
2019 levels. 
In 2021, this Committee again established a separately 
weighted ESG-related annual performance goal — 
specifically, to reduce our GHG, methane, and flaring 
emissions intensity rates, total recordable incident 
rate, and oil spill rates below 2020 levels and increase 
our wellhead gas capture rate above the 2020 level. 
OVERSIGHT AND PRACTICES
EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
ETHICAL BUSINESS PRACTICES
EOG is committed to conducting our business in 
accordance with the highest ethical standards and in 
compliance with the laws of all countries where we 
operate, as well as ensuring that all employees and 
business partners are treated fairly and with respect.
To reinforce this commitment, EOG maintains a 
Compliance Program. The program includes strong 
nonretaliation provisions intended to ensure that 
EOG’s business is conducted with high ethical 
standards and in compliance with the letter and spirit 
of the law. The program also includes review and 
enforcement of EOG’s Codes of Business Conduct and 
Ethics and other policies related to legal compliance 
and ethics; overseeing employee communications, 
training, and compliance monitoring; and monitoring 
the investigation and resolution of complaints  
and inquiries.
The Audit Committee of the Board oversees EOG’s 
Compliance Program, and we have a standing 
Compliance Committee that is responsible for 
implementing EOG’s Compliance Program and 
providing regular reports to the Audit Committee. 
The standing members of the Compliance Committee 
are our General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer, Vice 
President, Human Resources, and Vice President,  
Internal Audit.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
62 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG’s Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics 
detail our expectations with respect to business 
conduct, our legal and ethical responsibilities, 
and our officers, directors, and employees as 
well as our contractors and vendors.
CODES OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  
AND ETHICS
EOG’s Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics 
detail our expectations with respect to business 
conduct, our legal and ethical responsibilities, and 
our expectations for our officers, directors, and 
employees as well as our contractors and vendors.
Directors, Officers, and Employees — EOG’s  
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors, 
Officers, and Employees includes sections on 
workplace safety, security, data privacy, protection 
of the environment, human rights, and fair treatment 
and mutual respect of workers. All employees are 
required to acknowledge receipt of EOG’s Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors, Officers, 
and Employees when hired. In addition, employees 
agree to adhere to EOG’s Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics for Directors, Officers, and Employees 
and related policies in accepting annual grants of 
restricted stock from EOG’s Compensation and 
Human Resources Committee. 
Contractors and Vendors  — Our contractors and 
vendors must agree to abide by EOG’s Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics for Vendors and 
Contractors. The policy obligates our contractors 
and vendors to provide their services in compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations, including those 
relating to environmental, health, safety, and human 
rights matters. 
TRAINING AND CONFIDENTIAL  
REPORTING MECHANISMS
To promote our commitment to ethical business 
practices, EOG maintains an active global compliance 
training program. Training is provided to employees 
upon joining the company and then to employees and 
contractors periodically thereafter. All employees also 
complete harassment prevention training.
In addition, we maintain a Code of Ethics for Senior 
Financial Officers to which our Chief Executive Officer, 
Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, and 
controllers are subject. All three of these codes can 
be found in the “Board of Directors” section of the 
“Company” page of eogresources.com. 
EOG also requires our directors, officers, employees, 
contractors, and vendors to comply with related 
policies, including those related to anticorruption and 
anti-money-laundering compliance. Our Codes  
of Business Conduct and Ethics and the related 
policies are reviewed annually — including with our 
Audit Committee — and updated as necessary  
or appropriate.
OVERSIGHT AND PRACTICES
EOG encourages employees, contractors, and 
business partners to report any violations of the 
Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics or other 
conduct relating to EOG’s business that they suspect 
may be unethical or in violation of applicable laws  
and regulations. 
EOG provides several confidential options for 
reporting actual and suspected misconduct, including 
speaking with a supervisor or contact at EOG, an EOG 
Human Resources representative, or a member of 
EOG’s Legal Department or Compliance Committee. 
Employees, contractors, suppliers, business partners 
(including joint venture partners), shareholders, and 
other external stakeholders may also report actual 
or suspected misconduct anonymously through 
EOG’s confidential 24-hour hotline or by submitting a 
confidential report online. 
EOG’s hotline and online reporting system are 
hosted by a third party to maintain anonymity. The 
hotline and online reporting system are available 
worldwide in local languages spoken in our areas 
of operation. A link to both resources is publicly 
available on eogresources.com, including in the 
“Board of Directors” section of the “Company” page. 
All complaints received are immediately forwarded to 
the Chief Compliance Officer, periodically reviewed 
by the Compliance Committee, and investigated as 
appropriate. The Audit Committee is also regularly 
updated regarding matters reported through the 
hotline or online reporting system.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
63 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG’s third-party hotline and online reporting system 
include the ability to arrange a callback time to hear 
the status of EOG’s response to a report and to answer 
any follow-up questions anonymously. EOG does not 
tolerate retaliation, including legal retaliation, for raising 
an ethical or legal concern or asking questions in  
good faith. 
RESPECT FOR HUMAN RIGHTS
EOG is committed to conducting our business in  
a manner that respects the dignity and human rights of 
all individuals. We also encourage and expect  
our contractors and vendors to adhere to this  
same commitment. 
Oversight of our approach to human rights issues 
is primarily the responsibility of our Nominating, 
Governance and Sustainability Committee. 
To formalize our commitment and reflect our practices, 
in 2021 we adopted a companywide Human Rights 
Policy and added a human rights provision to our Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors, Officers, 
and Employees and our Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics for Vendors and Contractors. Our Codes of 
Business Conduct and Ethics also provide guidance 
on issues such as nondiscrimination, anti-harassment, 
workplace safety, and equal employment opportunities.
To help implement our human rights commitment,  
we provide guidance on the importance of 
respecting human rights and identifying potential 
human rights issues as part of our global compliance 
training program. 
OVERSIGHT AND PRACTICES
•  United Nations Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights 
•  Universal Declaration of Human Rights 
•  International Labour Organization’s 
Declaration on Fundamental Principles 
and Rights at Work, including those 
regarding freedom of association and 
prohibitions on child labor, forced labor, 
and discrimination in the workplace
We also recognize the importance of 
internationally recognized principles 
regarding the rights of Indigenous  
groups, such as those in the United  
Nations Declaration on the Rights of 
Indigenous Peoples. (See page 40 for 
more information on EOG’s approach 
to engagement with local stakeholders, 
including Indigenous peoples.)
INTERNATIONAL STANDARDS AND 
FRAMEWORKS INFORMING OUR  
APPROACH TO HUMAN RIGHTS 
PUBLIC ADVOCACY AND ENGAGEMENT
EOG does not contribute corporate funds to any 
federal, state, or local political candidate, party, 
organization, or campaign. In addition, EOG does not 
sponsor or administer a political action committee. 
We respect and support the right of our directors, 
officers, and employees to support political parties 
and candidates with their personal time and money. 
However, use of EOG company resources for such 
purposes, including employee time, company funds, 
and company supplies, is prohibited without the 
express approval of EOG’s Chief Executive Officer. 
EOG engages with regulators and elected officials  
to educate them on issues affecting our company and 
industry, changing technologies, and best practices. 
In addition, EOG employees are active participants 
in industry coalitions and working groups, including 
those focused on safety, water reuse, and reducing 
emissions, to share information and promote  
best practices.
EOG pays membership dues to certain trade 
associations and benefits from the time these trade 
associations spend engaged in efforts to educate 
lawmakers and voters on issues relevant to the oil and 
gas industry. 
As part of our ongoing evaluation of our trade 
association memberships, we monitor the policy 
positions of the trade associations of which we 
are active members. While we strive to promote

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
64 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
policies and practices that we support through our 
membership and participation in trade associations, 
trade associations represent their collective 
membership, not individual member companies, and 
may take positions on a wide variety of matters that 
are not necessarily supported by EOG.
Our Government Relations group reviews and oversees 
our participation in trade associations and, at least 
once a year, the Board’s Nominating, Governance and 
Sustainability Committee reviews EOG’s contributions 
to trade associations, including any amounts related to 
political activities and lobbying expenses.
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
AND CYBERSECURITY
EOG relies on information technology systems to run 
our business, including managing data from creation 
in the field to delivery to end users with proprietary 
applications built in-house. EOG’s supply chain of 
data helps enable us to operate as a real-time, mobile, 
and transparent company; to empower employees 
to make well-informed decisions; and to identify and 
develop opportunities for improvement, including the 
company’s ESG performance.
As our reliance on data and our information technology 
systems has increased, we have continued to evolve 
and modify our business continuity plans as well as our 
cyberthreat detection and mitigation systems. We have 
implemented and invested in controls, procedures, and 
protections designed to protect our systems, identify 
and remediate vulnerabilities in our systems and 
OVERSIGHT AND PRACTICES
related infrastructure, and monitor and mitigate the 
risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threats  
and intrusions. 
Additionally, our internal audit team, in conjunction 
with third-party experts, plays an important role in 
reviewing and assessing our cybersecurity controls, 
procedures, and protections, including conducting 
penetration testing and vulnerability assessments of 
the external devices utilized by our employees and 
contractors. We also monitor the cyber risk exposure 
and security practices of EOG and key service 
providers to assess cyber preparedness. In the event of 
an incident, there is a response team and plan in place 
with predefined escalation and response procedures. 
Our Information Systems team is responsible for 
cybersecurity strategy and planning. The team reports 
to our Senior Vice President and Chief Information and 
Technology Officer who, in turn, reports to our Chief 
Executive Officer. Our executive management team, 
which is responsible for the day-to-day management 
of cybersecurity risk, regularly reports to the Audit 
Committee regarding cybersecurity matters. As part 
of its risk oversight responsibility, our Audit Committee 
oversees our policies, strategies, and initiatives  
for mitigating cybersecurity and information 
technology risks. 
While we have experienced limited cybersecurity 
incidents in the past, we believe potential threats and 
intrusions to EOG’s systems have been effectively 
managed and contained by EOG’s intrusion technology 
systems and staff, and we have not had, to date, 
any business interruptions or material losses from 
breaches of cybersecurity. As technology and potential 
cybersecurity threats evolve, we will look to adapt and 
enhance our security measures as necessary.
Our Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics 
communicate the following expectations 
of employees and contractors related to 
cybersecurity matters:
•  Safeguard EOG’s information systems 
and related technologies from theft, 
fraud, unauthorized access, alteration,  
or other damage.
•  Avoid any usage of EOG’s information 
systems that might lead to a breach of 
EOG’s information systems security.
•  Immediately contact a member of 
EOG’s Information Systems team upon 
becoming aware of a situation that  
might compromise EOG’s information 
systems security.
CYBERSECURITY IS  
EMBEDDED IN OUR CODES 
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 
AND ETHICS

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
65 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Appendix
66  Formulas 
67  Definitions 
70  SASB and TCFD Indexes 
73   American Exploration and Production Council —  
ESG Metrics 
75   Internal and Third-Party Verification  
and Assurance 
75  Additional Disclosures 
76  Non-GAAP Financial Measures

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
66 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Formulas
2021 Metric
Freshwater Intensity Rate  
(Bbls/Boe) =
Fresh Water Used 17,681,571
= 0.05
EOG Production 355,828,901
Oil Spill Rate (over 5 Bbls) 
(Bbls/MBoe) =
Oil Spill Volume 3,587
= 0.010
EOG Production 355,829
Recovered Oil Rate  
(over 5 Bbls) (Bbls/MBoe) =
Recovered Oil Volume 2,352
= 0.007
EOG Production 355,829
Oil Spill Rate  
(over 1 Bbl) (Bbls/MBoe) =
Oil Spill Volume 4,109
= 0.012
EOG Production 355,829
Recovered Oil Rate  
(over 1 Bbl) (Bbls/MBoe) =
Recovered Oil Volume 2,627
= 0.007
EOG Production 355,829
Employee Lost Time  
Incident Rate (LTIR) =
Number of Employee Lost Time  
Incidents x 200,000 1 = 0.03
Workforce Hours Worked  
by Employees
5,913,410
Employee Total Recordable 
Incident Rate (TRIR) =
Number of Employee Recordable  
Incidents x 200,000 11 = 0.37
Workforce Hours Worked  
by Employees
5,913,410
Contractor Lost Time  
Incident Rate (LTIR) =
Number of Contractor Lost Time  
Incidents x 200,000 17 = 0.13
Workforce Hours Worked  
by Contractors 25,500,814
Contractor Total Recordable 
Incident Rate(TRIR) =
Number of Contractor Recordable  
Incidents x 200,000 52 = 0.41
Workforce Hours Worked  
by Contractors
25,500,814
Workforce Lost Time Incident 
Rate (LTIR) =
Number of Workforce Lost Time  
Incidents x 200,000 18 = 0.11
Workforce Hours Worked 31,414,224
Workforce Total Recordable 
Incident Rate (TRIR) =
Number of Workforce Recordable  
Incidents x 200,000 63 = 0.40
Workforce Hours Worked 31,414,224
2021 Metric
GHG Intensity Rate  
(Metric Tons CO2e/MBoe) =
EOG Scope 1 GHG Emissions 4,972,755
= 14.0
EOG Production 355,829
Methane Intensity Rate  
(Metric Tons CO2e/MBoe) =
EOG Scope 1 Methane Emissions 232,261
= 0.7
EOG Production 355,829
Combustion Emissions Intensity 
Rate (Metric Tons CO 2e/MBoe) =
EOG Scope 1 GHG Emissions for 
GHG Source: Combustion 4,103,674 = 11.5
EOG Production 355,829
Flaring Emissions Intensity Rate  
(Metric Tons CO2e/MBoe) =
EOG Scope 1 GHG Emissions for  
GHG Source: Flaring 556,381 = 1.6
EOG Production 355,829
Pneumatics Emissions Intensity 
Rate (Metric Tons CO 2e/MBoe) =
EOG Scope 1 GHG Emissions for  
GHG Source: Pneumatics 45,632 = 0.1
EOG Production 355,829
Other Sources Emissions 
Intensity Rate  
(Metric Tons CO2e/MBoe)
=
EOG Scope 1 GHG Emissions for  
GHG Source: Other Sources 267,068 = 0.8
EOG Production 355,829
Methane Emissions  
Percentage (MCF/MCF) =
EOG Scope 1 Methane  
Emissions in MCF 483,854 = 0.06%
EOG Natural Gas Production 811,672,692
Wellhead Gas Capture  
Rate (MCF/MCF) =
Wellhead Natural Gas Captured 810,162,018
= 99.8%
EOG Natural Gas Production 811,672,692
Total Water Intensity Rate  
(Bbls/Boe) =
Total Water Used 196,054,730
= 0.55
EOG Production 355,828,901
Reuse Intensity Rate  
(Bbls/Boe) =
Reuse Water Used 107,275,101
= 0.30
EOG Production 355,828,901
Nonfreshwater Intensity Rate  
(Bbls/Boe) =
Nonfresh Water Used 71,098,058
= 0.20
EOG Production 355,828,901

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
67 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Metric Term Definition
Reference Source  
(If Applicable)
GHG AND METHANE EMISSIONS METRICS
EOG  
Scope 1 GHG 
Emissions
The metrics in this report present the total Scope 1 emissions for 
the specified gas(es) associated with EOG’s gross operated U.S. 
onshore production, gathering and boosting, and gas processing 
segment sources as reported to the EPA pursuant to the EPA 
Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program. Also includes emissions that 
are subject to the EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program but 
are below the basin reporting threshold and would otherwise  
go unreported.
The emissions data have been converted to a carbon dioxide 
equivalent (CO 2e) — the conversion to CO 2e accounts for the 
higher global warming potential (GWP) of methane and nitrous 
oxide compared to carbon dioxide. The 100-year GWP of methane 
is 25 and nitrous oxide is 298.
U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency, 
Greenhouse Gas 
Reporting Program , 
40 CFR Part 98, 
Subparts C and W.
IPCC, 2007: Climate 
Change 2007: 
The Physical Science 
Basis. Contribution 
of Working Group I 
to the Fourth 
Assessment Report of 
the Intergovern  mental 
Panel on Climate 
Change.
EOG Scope 1 
Methane 
Emissions in 
Thousand 
Cubic Feet 
(MCF)
The metrics in this report present the total Scope 1 Methane (CH 4) 
emissions associated with EOG’s gross operated U.S. onshore 
production, gathering and boosting, and gas processing segment 
sources as reported to the EPA pursuant to the EPA Greenhouse 
Gas Reporting Program. Also includes emissions that are subject 
to the EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program but are below the 
basin reporting threshold and would otherwise go unreported. 
The total is converted to MCF using the following formula:
(CH4 MT)/yr x 1000kg/MT x (2.20462 lbs)/kg x lbmole/(16.04 lbs 
CH4) x (379.3 scf)/lbmole x Mscf/1000scf
U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency, 
Greenhouse Gas 
Reporting Program , 
40 CFR Part 98, 
Subparts C and W.
EOG  
Natural Gas 
Production
EOG’s gross operated U.S. onshore natural gas  
wellhead production.
EOG operations data.
EOG 
Production
EOG’s gross operated U.S. onshore production. EOG operations data.
Metric Term Definition
Reference Source  
(If Applicable)
GHG Source: 
Combustion
Combustion emissions sources are portable equipment (i.e., 
drilling and completion equipment), stationary engines, and 
stationary heaters. Combustion means the combustion of fuel to 
run these sources.
Combustion includes external fuel combustion, where the flame 
and products of combustion are separated from contact with the 
process fluid to which the energy is delivered, and internal fuel 
combustion, where the expansion of high-temperature and 
high-pressure gases produced by combustion applies direct force 
to a component of an engine, such as pistons, turbine blades, or 
a nozzle.
U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency, 
Greenhouse Gas 
Reporting Program , 
40 CFR Part 98, 
Subparts C and W.
GHG Source: 
Flaring
Flaring emissions sources include flare stacks, associated gas, 
dehydrators, completions, workovers, and storage tanks. A flare is 
one type of combustion device, whether at ground level or 
elevated, that uses an open or closed flame to combust waste 
gases or to control emissions without energy recovery.
U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency, 
Greenhouse Gas 
Reporting Program , 
40 CFR Part 98, 
Subparts C and W.
GHG Source: 
Other
Other emissions sources are amine equipment, compressor 
emissions, venting, and fugitives. Amine equipment are 
sweetening units that treat natural gas. Compressor emissions are 
from centrifugal or reciprocating compressors. For centrifugal 
compressors, this is blowdown valve leakage through the 
blowdown vent, unit isolation valve leakage through an open 
blowdown vent without blind flanges, and wet seal oil degassing 
vents. For reciprocating compressors, this includes blowdown 
valve leakage through the blowdown vent, unit isolation valve 
leakage through an open blowdown vent without blind flanges, 
and rod packing emissions. 
Venting means gases or vapors are emitted directly to the 
atmo sphere. Venting emissions sources may come from 
dehydrators, equipment blowdown, liquids unloading, workovers, 
compressors, and storage tanks. EOG’s practice is to capture and/
or control venting emissions when feasible.
Fugitive emissions sources are equipment leaks from valves, 
connectors, open-ended lines, pressure relief valves, pumps, 
flanges, and other components such as instruments, loading arms, 
stuffing boxes, seals, dump lever arms, and breather caps. 
U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency, 
Greenhouse 
Gas Reporting 
Program, 40 CFR Part 
98, Subparts C and W.
GHG Source: 
Pneumatics
Pneumatics emissions sources are attributable to pneumatic 
controllers and pneumatic pumps. Pneumatic controllers are 
natural gas-driven devices used during normal production 
operations to control temperature, level, flow, and pressure. 
Pneumatic pumps are natural-gas-powered pumps used during 
normal production operations to inject and/or move fluids.
U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency, 
Greenhouse 
Gas Reporting 
Program, 40 CFR Part 
98, Subparts C and W.
Definitions

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
68 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
DEFINITIONS
Metric Term Definition
Reference Source  
(If Applicable)
OIL SPILL METRICS
Oil Spill Spill of crude oil. EOG operations data.
Regulatory spill reporting requirements  
(i.e., volume thresholds) for EOG’s primary 
operating areas:
STATE/ 
JURISDICTION
REPORTING 
THRESHOLD
New Mexico >5 Barrels
North Dakota >1 Barrel
Tribal North Dakota All Spills
Oklahoma >10 Barrels
Texas >5 Barrels
Wyoming >10 Barrels
Federal (BLM leases) >10 Barrels
Produced 
Water Spill
Spill of produced water. See 
Water Metrics for definition of produced 
water.
EOG operations data.
Recovered Oil Crude oil that is retrieved from the spill 
location and is not lost to the 
environment.
EOG operations data.
Unrecovered 
Oil
Crude oil that is not recovered from the 
total spill volume.
EOG operations data.
Metric Term Definition
Reference Source  
(If Applicable)
Net Zero For EOG, net zero means all of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
will be reduced, captured, and/or offset. This covers Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions from the company’s activities and 
operations over which it has operational control. GHG emissions 
inventories will be informed by the GHG Protocol guidance and 
use CO2e as a common unit of measure. Scope 2 emissions will be 
calculated using the market-based methodology.
Scope 1 
Emissions
Direct emissions from sources that are owned or controlled by the 
reporting company.
See EOG Scope 1 GHG Emissions and EOG Scope 1 Methane 
Emissions in Thousand Cubic Feet (MCF)  and the related GHG 
Source definitions for descriptions of Scope 1 emissions metrics 
presented in this report for 2021, 2020, and 2019, and our 2025 
GHG and methane emissions targets.
Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol, 
a Corporate 
Accounting 
and Reporting 
Standard, 
Revised (2004).
Scope 2 
Emissions
Indirect emissions from the generation of purchased or acquired 
electricity, steam, heat, or cooling consumed by the  
reporting company.
The Scope 2 emissions presented in this report are reported on an 
operated basis using the location-based methodology and are 
calculated based on EOG’s purchased electricity consumption in 
the United States using the most recently available EPA eGrid 
(Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database) State 
GHG emissions factors for the given year.
Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol, GHG 
Protocol Scope 2 
Guidance (2015).
Scope 3 
Emissions
All indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) from sources that 
are not owned or controlled by the reporting company that occur in 
the value chain of the reporting company, including both upstream 
and downstream emissions. Since Scope 3 emissions are, by 
definition, the direct emissions of another entity and beyond the 
control of the reporting company, uncertainty in estimation and 
potential for the double-counting of emissions are concerns.
EOG operations data.
Wellhead Gas 
Capture Rate
The percentage by volume of wellhead natural gas captured 
upstream of low pressure separation and/or storage equipment 
such as vapor recovery towers and tanks.
EOG operations data.
Electricity 
Usage
EOG’s purchased electricity consumption in the United States in  
a given year.
Metric Term Definition
Reference Source  
(If Applicable)
Other Air 
Emissions
Other Air Emissions are emissions of: (1) oxides of nitrogen (NOx), 
reported as NOx, which includes NO and NO2 but excludes N2O; (2) 
oxides of sulfur (SOx), reported as SO2, which includes SO2 and SO3; 
and (3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), which are defined by 
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in 40 CFR Part 51.100. 
Other Air Emissions estimates are calculated for stationary sources 
included in regulatory air emissions inventory and permitting 
requirements based on operating data, emissions factors, and 
engineering calculations.
EOG operations data. 
Regulatory  
air requirements  
for EOG’s U.S. 
operating areas.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
69 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
DEFINITIONS
Metric Term Definition
Reference Source  
(If Applicable)
SAFETY METRICS
Lost Time 
Incident
A job-related injury or illness that results in an employee or 
contractor, as applicable, requiring one or more days away from 
work, beyond the day of the onset of the injury or illness, as 
determined by a physician or other licensed health care 
professional, and regardless of whether the employee, or 
contractor, as applicable, is scheduled to work or not.
EOG utilizes the industry-standard measurement of incidents 
(injuries) per 200,000 hours worked in calculating our LTIR.
U.S. Department  
of Labor,  
Occupational Health 
and Safety 
Administration, OSHA 
Recordable Incidents.
Workforce 
Hours Worked
Amount of total workforce labor hours worked in the calendar 
year by EOG employees and contractors.
EOG workforce data.
Recordable 
Incident
A job-related incident or injury is recordable if it requires medical 
treatment beyond first aid or causes death, days away from work, 
restricted work, transfer to another job, or loss of consciousness.
EOG utilizes the industry-standard measurement of incidents 
(injuries) per 200,000 hours worked in calculating our TRIR.
U.S. Department  
of Labor, 
Occupational Health 
and Safety 
Administration, OSHA 
Recordable Incidents.
Work-Related 
Fatality
A loss of life of an employee or contractor as a result of an EOG 
recordable incident.
U.S. Department 
of Labor, 
Occupational Health 
and Safety 
Administration, OSHA 
Recordable Incidents.
Metric Term Definition
Reference Source  
(If Applicable)
WATER METRICS
Fresh Water Water that has a total dissolved solids concentration of less than 
or equal to 1,000 milligrams per liter of water. The volumes 
reported are not a result of commingling of fresh and nonfresh 
sources to stay below threshold. The volumes reported do not 
include reuse water that has been treated to meet threshold.
U.S. Geological 
Survey, Water Science 
Dictionary of Terms.
Nonfresh 
Water
Water that has a total dissolved solids concentration that exceeds 
1,000 milligrams per liter of water. Examples of nonfresh water 
include saline water, seawater, brackish groundwater or surface 
water, reclaimed water from a municipal or industrial facility, 
desalinated water, or remediated groundwater used for   
industrial purposes.
The volumes reported are not a result of commingling of fresh and 
nonfresh sources to reach threshold.
U.S. Geological 
Survey, Water Science 
Dictionary of Terms, 
Water Basics 
Glossary.
Reuse Water Water that is sourced from treated fluid and/or produced water 
generated from EOG-operated or third-party oil and natural gas 
wells. Does not include 1) water used in enhanced oil recovery or 
secondary recovery or 2) any fresh water or nonfresh water 
that may be blended or mixed with reuse water in 
EOG’s operations.
EOG operations data.
Produced 
Water
The water (brine) brought up from the hydrocarbon-bearing 
strata during the extraction of oil and natural gas, and can include 
formation water, injection water, and any chemicals added 
downhole or during the oil/water separation process.
U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency, 
Effluent Guidelines 
and Standards,  
Oil and Gas Extraction 
Point Source 
Category, 40 CFR 
Part 435.
Total Water 
Used
All fresh water, nonfresh water, and reuse water used in EOG’s U.S. 
onshore operations.
EOG operations data.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
70 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
SASB and TCFD Indexes
2021 SASB INDEX
In preparing this report, we consulted the disclosure framework set forth in the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board’s (SASB) Oil & Gas — Exploration and Production Sustainability 
Accounting Standard. We also took into consideration the recommended disclosure elements from 
the Financial Stability Board’s Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Supporting our commitment to transparent ESG-related disclosures, we are providing the following 
tables indicating the location of our disclosures in relation to the SASB’s disclosure topics and the 
TCFD’s core elements. While the following tables map where we report information on the 
disclosure topics, we may provide a different unit of measure, different metric, partial information, 
or narrative disclosure for the topic area.
Disclosure Topic Disclosure Location
ACTIVITY METRICS
EM-EP-000.A Production volumes Net production: 2021 10-K , pp. 2, 4–5, 38,  
F-40, F-49 
Gross production: Data Tear Sheet, p. 6
EM-EP-000.B Number of offshore sites EOG’s well sites in Trinidad are offshore; 
see 2021 10-K , pp. 3 and 28
Otherwise, EOG’s offshore interests are 
de minimis and are operated by third-party 
operators; see 2021 Form 10-K , p. 8.
EM-EP-000.C Number of terrestrial sites 2021 10-K , pp. 27–30
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS
EM-EP-110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, 
percentage methane 
Data Tear Sheet, p. 6
Environment — Managing Emissions, p. 25
EM-EP-110a.2 Gross global Scope 1 emissions by 
source
Data Tear Sheet, p. 6
Environment — Managing Emissions, p. 25
EM-EP-110a.3 Discussion of long-term and 
short-term strategy or plan to 
manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions 
reduction targets, and an analysis of 
performance against those targets
Environment — Environmental Management 
Systems, p. 12
Environment — Climate-Related Risks, 
Long-Term Strategy, and Scenario Analysis,  
pp. 14-17
Environment — Managing Emissions, pp. 18-19
Disclosure Topic Disclosure Location
AIR QUALITY
EM-EP-120a.1 Air emissions of the following 
pollutants: (1) NOx (excluding N 2O), 
(2) SOx, (3) volatile organic 
compounds (VOCs), and (4) 
particulate matter (PM10)
Data Tear Sheet, p. 6
Environment — Managing Emissions, p. 27
WATER MANAGEMENT
EM-EP-140a.1 Fresh water consumed Data Tear Sheet, pp. 6-7
Environment — Water Management, pp. 30-32 
EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of wells with disclosure of 
fracturing fluid chemicals
Environment — Hydraulic Fracturing, p. 29
BIODIVERSITY IMPACTS
EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental 
management policies and practices 
for active sites
Environment — Our Environmental Practices, 
pp. 10-11
Environment — Environmental Management 
Systems, p. 12
Environment — Climate-Related Risks, 
Long-Term Strategy, and Scenario Analysis,  
pp. 14-17
Environment — Managing Emissions, pp. 18-19
Environment — Biodiversity and Land 
Stewardship, pp. 35-38 
In providing this information, EOG is not endorsing the terms as defined and/or utilized by the 
SASB or TCFD, and we are not seeking to comply with any specific recommendations or to make 
any specific disclosures under those frameworks. Inclusion of an item in this report is not meant to 
correspond with the concept of materiality associated with disclosures required by the SEC. 
Information about issues deemed material to our investors as defined by regulatory requirements 
may be found in our SEC filings.

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
71 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Disclosure Topic Disclosure Location
EM-EP-160a.2 Aggregate volume of hydrocarbon 
spills, volume in Arctic, and volume 
recovered
Data Tear Sheet, p. 7
Environment — Spill Prevention and 
Management, p. 34
Metrics for volumes in Arctic are not applicable 
to EOG.
SECURITY, HUMAN RIGHTS & RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES
EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and 
(2) probable reserves in or near areas 
of conflict
We do not currently have any proved  
or probable reserves in or near areas of  
active conflict.
EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes 
and due diligence practices with 
respect to human rights, Indigenous 
rights, and operation in areas of 
conflict
Social — Our Communities, pp. 40-42
Governance — Oversight and Practices, p. 63
We do not currently operate in any areas of 
active conflict.
COMMUNITY RELATIONS
EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks 
and opportunities associated with 
community rights and interests
Social — Our Communities, pp. 40-43 
WORKFORCE HEALTH & SAFETY
EM-EP-320a.1 (1) Total recordable incident 
rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate
Data Tear Sheet, p. 8
Social — Safety, p. 54
EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems 
used to integrate a culture of safety 
throughout the exploration and 
production life cycle
Social — Safety, pp. 52-53 
Disclosure Topic Disclosure Location
RESERVES VALUATION & CAPITAL EXPENDITURES
EM-EP-420a.1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve 
levels to future price projection 
scenarios that account for a price on 
carbon emissions
Environment — Climate-Related Risks, 
Long-Term Strategy, and Scenario Analysis,  
pp. 14-17 
EM-EP-420a.4 Discussion of how price and demand 
for hydrocarbons and/or climate 
regulation influence the capital 
expenditure strategy for exploration, 
acquisition, and development  
of assets
Environment — Climate-Related Risks, 
Long-Term Strategy, and Scenario Analysis,  
pp. 14-17 
BUSINESS ETHICS & TRANSPARENCY
EM-EP-510a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) 
probable reserves in countries that 
have the 20 lowest rankings in 
Transparency International’s 
Corruption Perceptions Index
We do not currently have proved or probable 
reserves in countries that have the 20 lowest 
rankings in Transparency International’s 
Corruption Perceptions Index.
EM-EP-510a.2 Description of the management 
system for prevention of bribery 
throughout the value chain
Governance — Oversight and Practices,  
pp. 61-62 
MANAGEMENT OF THE LEGAL & REGULATORY ENVIRONMENT
EM-EP-530a.1 Discussion of corporate positions 
related to government regulations 
and/or policy proposals that address 
environmental and social factors 
affecting the industry
Environment — Climate-Related Risks, 
Long-Term Strategy, and Scenario Analysis,  
pp. 14-17
Governance — Oversight and Practices,  
pp. 63-64
CRITICAL INCIDENT RISK MANAGEMENT
EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems 
used to identify and mitigate 
catastrophic and tail-end risks
Social — Safety, pp. 52-53 
2021 SASB AND TCFD INDEX

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
72 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
Disclosure Recommendation Disclosure Location
GOVERNANCE
Board’s oversight of climate-related risks and 
opportunities
Environment — Climate-Related Risks, Long-Term 
Strategy, and Scenario Analysis, pp. 14-17
Governance — Oversight and Practices, pp. 59-60Management’s role in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities
STRATEGY
Climate-related risks and opportunities the 
organization has identified over the short, 
medium, and long term
Environment — Climate-Related Risk, Long-Term 
Strategy, and Scenario Analysis, pp. 14-17
Environment — Managing Emissions, pp. 18-28 
Impact of climate-related risks and oppor  tunities 
on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and 
financial planning
Resilience of the company’s strategy under 
different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C 
or lower scenario
RISK MANAGEMENT
Processes for identifying and assessing 
climate-related risks
Environment — Our Environmental Practices,  
pp. 10-11
Environment — Environmental Management Systems, 
pp. 12-13
Environment — Climate-Related Risk, Long-Term 
Strategy, and Scenario Analysis, pp. 14-17
Environment — Managing Emissions, pp. 18-28
Governance — Oversight and Practices, pp. 59-60
Processes for managing climate-related risks
Integration of climate-related risks into overall 
risk management
Disclosure Recommendation Disclosure Location
METRICS AND TARGETS
Metrics used to assess climate-related risks  
and opportunities
Data Tear Sheet, p. 6
Environment — Environmental Management Systems, 
pp. 12-13
Environment — Climate-Related Risk, Long-Term 
Strategy, and Scenario Analysis, pp. 14-17
Environment — Managing Emissions, pp. 18-28
Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions 
and the related risks
Targets used to manage climate-related  
risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets
2021 TCFD INDEX
2021 SASB AND TCFD INDEX

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
73 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
American Exploration and Production Council — ESG Metrics
2021 AXPC ESG METRICS 1
ESG Metrics Topic 2021 Metric
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS 2
GHG Emissions (metric tons CO 2e) 4,615,890
GHG Intensity
EOG GHG Emissions (metric tons CO 2e)
12.98EOG Gross Annual Production — as Reported Under 
Subpart W (MBoe)
Percent of GHG Emissions Attributed to Boosting and Gathering Segment 67%
Methane Emissions (metric tons CH 4) 8,967
Methane Intensity
EOG Methane Emissions (metric tons CH 4)
0.03EOG Gross Annual Production — as Reported Under 
Subpart W (MBoe)
Percent of Methane Emissions Attributed to Boosting and Gathering 45%
In February 2021, the American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) released a voluntary 
framework of common ESG metrics to support more consistency and comparability in reporting 
across independent oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in the United States.
EOG currently discloses data on all of the metric categories covered by the AXPC framework in the 
Data Tear Sheet. However, the metrics we disclose in the Data Tear Sheet may have some variations 
in scope and content from the AXPC framework and, in some instances, we disclose metrics beyond 
what is covered by the AXPC framework. Nevertheless, EOG does support the effort for more 
consistency and comparability in reporting across upstream U.S. exploration and production 
companies, and as such, we are providing the following AXPC metrics for 2021 along with the 
metrics in the Data Tear Sheet. We strive to continually improve our data-performance reporting 
and, in an effort to provide improved consistency and comparability in data across the industry, will 
continue to evaluate appropriate frameworks for reporting in future years.
1
  EOG is not reporting oil and produced water spills using the AXPC metric. EOG’s spill metrics for oil and produced water spills over one barrel reported in our 2020 Sustainability Report include spills outside of primary containment 
(e.g. tanks or pipes), which includes spills that are both outside and within secondary containment. The AXPC metric only includes oil and produced water spills greater than one barrel outside of impermeable secondary containment 
(e.g., lined berms and dikes).
2
  EOG GHG and methane emissions values and intensities include emissions from onshore production, gathering and boosting, and gas processing segments reported to the EPA pursuant to the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
(GHGRP) under Subparts C and W as well as GHG and methane emissions that are subject to the GHGRP but are below the basin reporting threshold and would otherwise go unreported. AXPC GHG and methane emissions values 
and intensities include only emissions from onshore production and gathering and boosting segments reported to the EPA pursuant to the GHGRP under Subpart W.
ESG Metrics Topic 2021 Metric
FLARING
Gross Annual Volume  
Flared Gas (MCF) 1,510,674
Percentage of Gas Flared per 
MCF of Gas Produced
EOG Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (MCF)
0.2%
EOG Gross Annual Gas Production (MCF)
Volume of Gas Flared  
per Thousand Barrels of  
Oil Equivalent
EOG Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (MCF)
0.004
EOG Gross Annual Production (Boe)
WATER USE
Freshwater Intensity
EOG Fresh Water Consumed (Bbl)
0.050
EOG Gross Annual Production (Boe)
Water Recycling Rate EOG Recycled Water (Bbl) 55%
EOG Total Water Consumed (Bbl)
Water Stress Assessment 
Does EOG use WRI Aqueduct, GEMI, Water Risk Filter, 
Water Risk Monetizer, or other comparable tool or 
methodology to determine the water stressed areas  
in portfolio?
YES

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
74 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
AXPC ESG METRICS
ESG Metrics Topic 2021 Metric
SAFETY
Employee Total Recordable 
Incident Rate
Number of EOG Employee OSHA Recordable Cases x 
200,000 0.37
EOG Employee Work Hours
Contractor Total Recordable 
Incident Rate
Number of EOG Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases x 
200,000 0.41
EOG Contractor Work Hours
Combined Total Recordable 
Incident Rate
Number of EOG Employee and Contractor OSHA 
Recordable Cases x 200,000 0.40
EOG Employee and Contractor Work Hours
ESG Metrics Topic 2021 Metric
SUPPORTING DATA
Gross Annual Oil Production (Bbl) 220,550,119
Gross Annual Gas Production (MCF) 811,672,692
Gross Annual Production (Boe) 355,828,901
Gross Annual Production (MBoe) 355,829
Gross Annual Production — as Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe) 355,652
Fresh Water Consumed (Bbl) 17,681,571
Recycled Water (Bbl) 107,275,101
Total Water Consumed (Bbl) 196,054,730
Employee OSHA Recordable Cases 11
Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases 52
Combined OSHA Recordable Cases 63
Annual Employee Work Hours 5,913,410
Annual Contractor Work Hours 25,500,814
Annual Combined Work Hours 31,414,224

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
75 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
EOG’s sustainability reporting involves various internal subject matter experts who were called 
upon to provide verified information for each of the topics included in this report. Members of 
EOG’s internal audit team also participated in the verification and review of the data included in 
this report. Further, EOG obtained independent third-party verification and reasonable 
assurance of our 2021 GHG emissions and energy use data included in the  Data Tear Sheet  
starting on page 6. This verification was performed by an internationally recognized 
certification body according to the ISO 14064 - 3:2019 — Greenhouse Gases — Part 3: 
Specification with Guidance for the Validation and Verification of Greenhouse Gas Assertions.
Prior to publication, this 2021 Sustainability Report was also reviewed by EOG’s executive 
officers and the members of the Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee of 
EOG’s Board of Directors.
Internal and Third-Party  
Verification and Assurance FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report includes certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as 
amended, including statements regarding EOG’s plans, objectives, and projections with respect to 
our current and future operations, performance, and business strategy and statements regarding 
EOG’s practices, programs, policies, initiatives, plans, goals, objectives, strategies, ambitions, and 
targets with respect to environmental, social, and governance matters. Although EOG believes the 
expectations reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable and are based on 
reasonable assumptions, no assurance can be given that such assumptions are accurate or that any 
of such expectations will be achieved (in full or at all) or will prove to have been correct. EOG’s 
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made, and EOG undertakes no obligation, 
other than as required by applicable law, to update or revise our forward-looking statements, 
whether as a result of new information, subsequent events, anticipated or unanticipated 
circumstances, or otherwise. Important factors that could cause EOG’s actual results to differ 
materially from the expectations reflected in EOG’s forward-looking statements are enumerated in 
the section entitled “Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” on pages 53 and 54 of 
EOG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC 
and any updates to those factors set forth in EOG’s subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 
Also, see the section entitled “Risk Factors” on pages 14 through 27 of EOG’s Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, for a discussion of certain risk factors that 
affect or may affect EOG’s business, operations, and performance, and any updates to those 
factors set forth in EOG’s subsequent filings with the SEC.
THIRD-PARTY SCENARIOS
The scenario discussed in this report from the IEA’s World Energy Outlook 2021  is based on the 
IEA’s Sustainable Development Scenario. The IEA’s Sustainable Development Scenario is based on 
the main energy-related components of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals, 
including the Paris Agreement’s goal of limiting the increase in global average temperatures to well 
below 2°C above preindustrial levels. In its World Energy Outlook 2021 , the IEA also presents a 
Stated Policies Scenario and an Announced Pledges Scenario. Projected energy demand is highest 
under the Stated Policies Scenario, which incorporates existing policy frameworks affecting energy 
markets and specific policy initiatives that have been announced. IEA’s Announced Pledges 
Scenario was designed to reflect announced net zero pledges and enhanced Nationally Determined 
Contributions if they are implemented in time and in full. The IEA’s World Energy Outlook 2021  also 
includes a “Net Zero Emissions by 2050” case, which extends the Sustainable Development 
Scenario by modeling a pathway in the next 10 years to reach net zero emissions globally by 2050, 
resulting in lower projected energy demand relative to the Sustainable Development Scenario. The 
scenario discussed in this report does not incorporate the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 case. The 
IEA does not endorse any particular scenario, nor does EOG. The use or inclusion herein of a 
third-party scenario reflects the modeling assumptions and outputs of the respective scenario 
authors and is not an endorsement by EOG of its accuracy or likelihood.
Additional Disclosures

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
76 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
RESERVES
The reserve estimates disclosed in this report are of EOG’s “proved” reserves — that is, the 
quantities of oil and gas that are estimated to be recoverable with a high degree of confidence. 
Statements of reserves are only estimates and may not correspond to the quantities of oil 
and gas ultimately recovered. For related discussion, see the sections entitled “Risk Factors” 
and “Supplemental Information to Consolidated Financial Statements - Oil and Gas Producing 
Activities” in EOG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 
Crude oil equivalent volumes are determined using a ratio of 1.0 barrel of crude oil and condensate 
or natural gas liquids to 6.0 thousand cubic feet of natural gas. 
METRICS REPORTING
The metrics contained in this report have been calculated using the best available information at 
the time of preparation of this report. The data utilized in calculating such metrics is subject to 
certain reporting rules, regulatory reviews, definitions, calculation methodologies, adjustments, 
and other factors. These metrics are subject to change if updated data or other information 
becomes available. Metrics in this report in respect of prior years may be revised from previous 
Sustainability Reports to reflect updated data and other information. Any updates to the metrics in 
the Data Tear Sheet in this report, prior to our next Sustainability Report, will be set forth in the 
data tear sheet posted to the “Sustainability” section of the EOG website at eogresources.com . 
Total amounts presented in this report may not equal the sum of their components due to 
rounding. Percent changes presented in this report may reflect rounding.
ABOUT EOG
EOG Resources, Inc. (NYSE: EOG) is one of the largest crude oil and natural gas exploration and 
production companies in the United States with proved reserves in the United States and Trinidad. 
For further information regarding EOG and our operations, please see our information filed with 
and/or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) from time to 
time and our corporate website at eogresources.com .
To supplement the presentation of our financial results prepared in accordance with generally 
accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States of America, EOG’s annual and 
quarterly earnings materials and other investor and stakeholder communications may contain 
certain financial measures that are not prepared or presented in accordance with GAAP. A 
reconciliation of each of the non-GAAP financial measures referenced in this report to their most 
directly comparable GAAP financial measure is included in the tables below. We use these and 
other non-GAAP financial measures for purposes of 1) comparing our financial and operating 
performance with the financial and operating performance of other companies in our industry and 
2) analyzing our financial and operating performance across periods. For additional information, 
see the “Reconciliations & Guidance” section of the “Investors” page of our website at 
eogresources.com .
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
In millions of USD, except ratio  
data (Unaudited) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
Interest Expense, Net (GAAP)  178  205  185  245  274 
Tax Benefit Imputed (Based  
on 21% for 2018–2021 and 35%  
for 2017)  (37)  (43)  (39)  (51)  (96)
After-Tax Net Interest Expense 
(Non-GAAP) — (a)  141  162  146  194  178 
Net Income (Loss)  
(GAAP) — (b)                                                    4,664  (605)  2,735  3,419  2,583 
Adjustments to Net Income (Loss), 
Net of Tax (See Detail of Adjustments 
to Net Income (Loss) on page 77)  364  1,455  158  (201) (1,934)
Adjusted Net Income  
(Non-GAAP) — (c)   5,028  850  2,893  3,218  649 
Total Stockholders’ Equity — (d)    22,180 20,302  21,641  19,364  16,283  13,982 
Average Total Stockholders’ Equity* 
— (e)    21,241 20,972 20,503  17,824  15,133 
Current and Long-Term Debt (GAAP) 
— (f)  5,109  5,816  5,175  6,083  6,387  6,986 
Less: Cash                                                       (5,209) (3,329) (2,028) (1,556)  (834) (1,600)
Net Debt (Non-GAAP) — (g)  (100)  2,487  3,147  4,527  5,553  5,386 
Total Capitalization (GAAP)  
— (d) + (f)   27,289  26,118  26,816 25,447 22,670 20,968 
Total Capitalization (Non-GAAP)  
— (d) + (g) 22,080 22,789 24,788  23,891  21,836  19,368 
Average Total Capitalization 
(Non-GAAP)* — (h)   22,435 23,789 24,340 22,864 20,602 
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES
* Average for the current and immediately preceding year

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
77 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
In millions of USD, except ratio  
data (Unaudited) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016
RETURN ON CAPITAL EMPLOYED (ROCE) 
Calculated Using GAAP Net Income 
(Loss) — [(a) + (b)]/(h) (Non-GAAP) 21.4% -1.9% 11.8% 15.8% 13.4%
Calculated Using Non-GAAP 
Adjusted Net Income — [(a) + (c)]/
(h) (Non-GAAP) 23.0% 4.3% 12.5% 14.9% 4.0%
Year Ended December 31, 2021 Before Tax
Income Tax 
Impact After Tax
Adjustments:
    Add: Mark-to-Market Financial Commodity  
Derivative Contracts Impact
 514  (112)  402 
   Add: Certain Impairments  15  —  15 
   Less: Gains on Asset Dispositions, Net  (17)  9  (8)
    Less: Tax Benefits Related to Exiting Canada Operations  —  (45)  (45)
Total  512  (148)  364 
DETAIL OF ADJUSTMENTS TO NET INCOME (LOSS) (GAAP):
Year Ended December 31, 2020 Before Tax
Income Tax 
Impact After Tax
Adjustments:
    Add: Mark-to-Market Financial Commodity Derivative 
Contracts Impact  (74)  16  (58)
   Add: Certain Impairments  1,868  (392)  1,476 
   Add: Losses on Asset Dispositions, Net  47  (10)  37 
Total  1,841  (386)  1,455 
Year Ended December 31, 2019 Before Tax
Income Tax 
Impact After Tax
Adjustments:
    Add: Mark-to-Market Financial Commodity  
Derivative Contracts Impact  51  (11)  40 
   Add: Certain Impairments  275  (60)  215 
   Less: Gains on Asset Dispositions, Net  (124)  27  (97)
Total  202  (44)  158 
Year Ended December 31, 2018 Before Tax
Income Tax 
Impact After Tax
Adjustments:
    Add: Mark-to-Market Financial Commodity  
Derivative Contracts Impact  (93)  20  (73)
   Add: Certain Impairments  153  (34)  119 
   Less: Gains on Asset Dispositions, Net  (175)  38  (137)
   Less: Tax Reform Impact  —  (110)  (110)
Total  (115)  (86)  (201)
Year Ended December 31, 2017 Before Tax
Income Tax 
Impact After Tax
Adjustments:
    Add: Mark-to-Market Financial Commodity  
Derivative Contracts Impact  (12)  4  (8)
   Add: Certain Impairments  261  (93)  168 
   Add: Losses on Asset Dispositions, Net  99  (35)  64 
   Add: Legal Settlement — Early Lease Termination  10  (4)  6 
   Add: Joint Venture Transaction Costs  3 (1)  2 
   Add: Joint Interest Billings Deemed Uncollectible  5  (2)  3 
   Less: Tax Reform Impact  —  (2,169)  (2,169)
Total  366  (2,300)  (1,934)
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
78 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
In millions of USD (Unaudited) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017
Total Expenditures (GAAP)  4,255  4,113  6,900  6,706  4,613 
Less:  
   Asset Retirement Costs  (127)  (117)  (186)  (70)  (56)
    Noncash Expenditures of Other Property, Plant, 
and Equipment  —  —  (2) (1) —
    Noncash Acquisition Costs of Unproved 
Properties  (45)  (197)  (98)  (291)  (256)
    Noncash Finance Leases  (74)  (174)  —  (48)  — 
    Acquisition Costs of Proved Properties  (100)  (135)  (380)  (124)  (73)
    Exploration Costs  (154)  (146)  (140)  (149)  (145)
Total Capital Expenditures (Non-GAAP)  3,755  3,344  6,094  6,023  4,083 
RECONCILIATION OF TOTAL EXPENDITURES (GAAP) TO TOTAL CAPITAL 
EXPENDITURES (NON-GAAP):
In millions of USD (Unaudited) 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017
Net Cash Provided by Operating  
Activities (GAAP)  8,791 5,008  8,163  7,769  4,265 
Adjustments:
    Changes in Components of Working Capital 
and Other Assets and Liabilities
      Accounts Receivable  821  (467)  92  368  392 
      Inventories  13  (123)  (90)  395  175 
      Accounts Payable  (456)  795  (169)  (439)  (324)
      Accrued Taxes Payable  (312)  49  (40)  92  64 
      Other Assets  136  (325)  (358)  125  659 
      Other Liabilities  116  (8)  57  (11)  90 
    Changes in Components of Working Capital 
Associated With Investing and Financing 
Activities  200  (75)  115  (301)  (90)
    Other Noncurrent Income Taxes — Net  
(Payable) Receivable  —  113  239  149  (513)
Cash Flow From Operations Before Working 
Capital (Non-GAAP) 9,309  4,967 8,009  8,147  4,718 
Cash Flow From Operations Before Working 
Capital (Non-GAAP)  9,309  4,967  8,009  8,147  4,718 
Less:  
    Total Capital Expenditures  
(Non-GAAP) (See Reconciliation of Total 
Expenditures (GAAP) to Total Capital 
Expenditures (Non-GAAP))  (3,755) (3,344) (6,094) (6,023) (4,083)
Free Cash Flow (Non-GAAP)  5,554  1,623  1,915  2,124  635

EOG Resources 2021 Sustainability Report
79 INTRODUCTIONENVIRONMENTSOCIALGOVERNANCEAPPENDIX
1111 Bagby, Sky Lobby 2
Houston, TX 77002
eogresources.com