2022  
SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT

CEO Letter 3
About Coterra 4
Our Portfolio 5
Climate 6
Governance 6
Strategy 7
Risk Management 13
Metrics 14
Emissions Reduction Initiatives 16
Targets 21
Environmental, Health and Safety 22
Environmental, Health and Safety Management System 22
Environmental Protection 23
Air Quality 23
Water Management 23
Biodiversity Impacts 25
Workforce Health and Safety 26
Community Relations 29
Security, Human Rights and Rights of Indigenous People 29
Business Ethics and Transparency 30
Human Capital 32
Appendix 34
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
Reference Index
34
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
Reference Index
35
Table of 
Contents

At Coterra, we are committed 
to responsible and transparent 
environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) practices. 
We believe responsible development of oil and natural gas 
through technology and innovation provides a path to prosperity 
and a bright sustainable future. We are excited to publish 
our inaugural Sustainability Report which highlights our ESG 
metrics and the consistent efforts we are making to improve our 
performance.
Our ESG practices are ingrained throughout the entire 
organization. Our Boardroom, where we have Directors that come 
from multiple industries, brings a diversity of backgrounds and 
perspectives that enriches our analysis and strategic focus. 
Our Directors empower and challenge our organization to meet 
a standard of excellence in everything we do, particularly as it 
relates to delivering our products safely and cleanly in a manner 
that reinforces operational excellence.
Being good community partners is central to our company 
culture. We listen to our employees, our neighbors and all 
stakeholders to bring the greatest positive impact to the 
communities where we live and work. Integrity and open 
communication are an integral part of our decision-making 
process and we take ownership in both our work and our actions. 
We strive to connect and engage in ways that lead to richer 
discussion, increased productivity and long-term value creation. 
We are committed to building prosperity and safeguarding the 
neighbors and environment in the communities where we operate. 
We prioritize the safety of our employees. We recognize that our 
employees work extremely hard every day and give us the ability 
to adapt and thrive in a challenging and competitive industry. We 
believe safe and environmentally conscious operations not only 
protect the individuals on our locations, but ultimately lead to 
more efficient operations. 
At Coterra, environmental stewardship and operational 
excellence are grand engineering and operational challenges. Our 
organization embraces this challenge from the field to the C-suite.  
We have an ongoing track record of innovation in environmental 
stewardship and sustainable practices.  We have an amazing 
group of employees whose focus is on protecting and preserving 
air quality, water resources and the land on which we operate. 
One year into the history of Coterra, we are proud of the strides 
we have made in the multi-year reductions of our greenhouse 
gas emissions, including methane, supported by the strong 
foundations from our history and our focus on innovation and 
excellence. We strive to deliver meaningful emissions reductions 
and our results are apparent as presented throughout this report. 
From 2019 to 2021, our team drove a 43% reduction in Scope 1 
greenhouse gas emissions intensity, 77% reduction in methane 
intensity, and a 70% reduction in flare intensity. We are proud of 
the results to date and are excited for the initiatives we have in 
place to further advance our ESG performance.
Sustainability means many things to many people. At Coterra, 
we embrace the environmental, safety and operational footprint 
challenges that are reflected within this report. We also embrace 
the sustainable need for clean, affordable and accessible 
energy here at home and around the world. We are in the midst 
of a seismic shift within the energy policy landscape. There is 
a growing, broad understanding that the world will desperately 
need oil and natural gas for decades to come. This understanding 
is, in part, driven by the crisis in Europe and by decades of poor 
energy policy decisions.  There is no world energy crisis; there is 
a world energy policy crisis. We, at Coterra, are committed to be a 
positive voice in this shifting energy policy landscape. Without the 
products we deliver every day, the world faces a future of energy 
poverty, unaffordability and energy insecurity. We are proud of 
our environmental record, and proud of the role that we serve in 
delivering safe, affordable, American energy to our country and to 
the world.
Sincerely,  
Thomas E. Jorden 
Chief Executive Officer & President
CEO Letter
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
   |  3

Report Overview
Hydrocarbons are critical to facilitating modern-day 
civilization, supplying nearly 80% of the world’s energy 
demand in 2020.1 Coterra is committed to producing these 
critical energy products in a safe and responsible manner 
for the benefit of all stakeholders. We strive to reduce our 
environmental impact, to invest in our people and  
communities and to govern in accordance with the highest 
ethical standards.
This report addresses the environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) topics that are relevant to Coterra’s 
business. On October 1, 2021, Coterra Energy Inc. (Coterra) 
was formed through the combination of Cabot Oil & Gas 
Corporation (Cabot) and Cimarex Energy Co. (Cimarex). 
Performance data within this report reflects pro forma Coterra 
Energy data on a combined basis for 2021 and prior, unless 
otherwise stated. 
The contents of this report have been informed by our 
stakeholders, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) and the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board’s (SASB) Extractives & Minerals Processing 
Sector: Oil & Gas - Exploration & Production standard. 
About Coterra
Coterra is an independent, onshore U.S.-based energy 
company with exposure to natural gas, natural gas liquids 
and oil, positioning us to meet the unique demands of a new 
energy marketplace. We embrace innovation, technology 
and data as we work to create value for our investors, 
our team members and the communities in which we 
operate. We believe the key building blocks for sustainable 
performance are: organization, assets, continuous 
innovation and financial strength.  
Our Mission
To create value by generating 
sustainable returns for investors, 
offering a rewarding experience 
for our team and delivering 
reliable energy solutions to  
all–safely and responsibly.
1IEA (2021), World Energy Outlook 2021, IEA, Paris https://www.iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2021
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
ABOUT COTERRA   |  4

Anadarko Basin
Coterra’s assets within the  
Anadarko Basin are primarily located 
in central Oklahoma. 
Marcellus Shale
Coterra’s operations in the region 
are primarily concentrated in 
Susquehanna County within  
northeast Pennsylvania. 
Permian Basin
Coterra’s acreage is located in the 
Delaware Basin region, which  
spans west Texas and southeast  
New Mexico.  
Our Portfolio
Activity Metrics (SASB: EM-EP-000.A,B,C)
SASB EM-EP-000.A 2 Production of:
(1) Oil 77. 9  Mbbl/day
(2) Gas 2,927 MMscf/day
Natural Gas Liquids 68.3 Mbbl/day
(3) Synthetic Oil 0
(4) Synthetic Gas 0
SASB EM-EP-000.B 3 Number of Offshore Sites 0
SASB EM-EP-000.C 3 Number of Terrestrial Sites 1,258
2Net production volumes to Coterra
3Gross operated upstream and midstream sites
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR PORTFOLIO   |  5

Climate Governance (TCFD: Governance – a,b)
Coterra’s Board of Directors (Board) is responsible for overall 
risk oversight. Management has primary responsibility 
for assessing and managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities. Management regularly interacts with the Board 
and its committees, including the Environment, Health &  
Safety Committee (EHS Committee) and the Governance and 
Social Responsibility Committee (GSR Committee), on  
climate-related risks and opportunities and other ESG matters.
The function of the EHS Committee is to assist the Board 
in providing risk oversight and support of the Company’s 
policies, programs and initiatives on the environment, 
health and safety. Among other things, the EHS Committee: 
• Oversees the Company’s EHS and sustainability policies, 
programs, data and the reporting and public disclosure 
thereof; 
• Monitors environmental matters and trends in such matters 
that affect the Company’s activities and performance; 
• Reviews the Company’s compliance with environmental, 
health and safety laws and regulations, including: 
 - management of and responses to environmental releases; 
 - safety incidents, statistics and outcomes and the 
Company’s responses; 
 - the Company’s assessment of and responses to pending 
legislative and regulatory efforts; and 
 - initiatives and training designed to improve EHS 
performance. 
• Consults with the Board and internal and external advisors 
regarding the management of the Company’s EHS 
programs.
The EHS Committee also compares our EHS performance 
with established benchmarks such as the Bureau of Labor 
Statistics (BLS), American Exploration and Production Council 
(AXPC) and the Independent Producers EHS Managers Forum. 
This allows the Board to assess our EHS performance on a 
continuous basis and provides the governance structure to 
ensure our programs provide a safe working environment for 
our employees. 
The function of the GSR Committee is to assist the Board in 
fulfilling its responsibility to the stockholders by: 
• Overseeing and assisting the Board with the Company’s 
efforts for socially responsible operations, programs and 
initiatives not otherwise delegated to another committee 
of the Board and the reporting or public disclosure of such 
efforts by the Company, including this report; 
• Identifying qualified individuals to become Board members 
and assisting the Board in determining the composition of 
the Board and its committees; 
• Assessing Board and committee effectiveness; 
• Developing and implementing the Company’s corporate 
governance guidelines; and 
• Taking a leadership role in shaping the corporate 
governance of the Company. 
Our Director, EHS, is in charge of day-to-day implementation 
and management of our environmental programs, including 
our GHG emissions management.
Climate
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  6

Climate Strategy (TCFD: Strategy – a,b,c; SASB: EM-EP-420a.4)
Coterra has identified climate change-related risks and 
opportunities that may impact our business over the short-, 
medium- and long-term.   
• Short-term risks: risks that might impact near-term financial 
results, including those that may materialize within the 
current annual reporting cycle. 
• Medium-term risks: risks that might materially impact our 
financial results due to longer-term manifestation of  
climate-related impacts that might require us to significantly 
adjust our strategy, including those that may materialize over 
a 2- to 5-year timeframe. 
• Long-term risks: risks that may fundamentally impact the 
viability of our long-term strategy and business model, 
including those that may materialize over a 5- to 10-year 
timeframe. 
The nature of these risks depends on the physical aspects 
of climate change, market regulations, investor pressure to 
reduce our carbon footprint and our ability to understand and 
respond to rapidly evolving developments.
Identified Risk and Opportunities
Regulatory Risks   |  Short- to Medium-Term
The adoption of climate change legislation or regulations 
restricting emission of greenhouse gases could result in 
increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and 
gas we produce.
Technology Risks  |  Medium- to Long-Term
Technological improvements or innovations that support the 
transition to a lower-carbon, more energy-efficient economic 
system may have a significant impact on us. The development 
and use of emerging technologies in renewable energy, 
battery storage and energy efficiency may lower demand for 
oil and gas, resulting in lower prices and revenues, as well as 
higher costs. In addition, many automobile manufacturers 
have announced plans to shift production from internal 
combustion engines to electric powered vehicles, and states 
and foreign countries have announced bans on sales of internal 
combustion-engine vehicles beginning as early as 2025, which 
would reduce demand for oil used to produce gasoline and 
diesel fuels.
Market Risks  |  Medium- to Long-Term
Markets could be affected by climate change through shifts 
in supply and demand for certain commodities, especially 
carbon-intensive commodities such as oil and gas or other 
products dependent on oil and gas. Lower demand for our 
oil and gas production could result in lower prices and lower 
revenues. Market risk might also take the form of limited access 
to capital as investors shift investments to less  
carbon-intensive industries and alternative-energy industries. 
In addition, investment advisers, banks and certain sovereign 
wealth, pension and endowment funds recently have been 
promoting divestment from fossil fuel companies and 
pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in 
the extraction, production and sale of oil and gas.
Reputational Risks  |  Medium- to Long-Term
Climate change is a potential source of reputational risk, which 
is tied to changing customer or community perceptions of an 
organization’s contribution to, or detraction from, the transition 
to a lower-carbon economy. Negative public perception 
regarding Coterra and/or our industry resulting from, among 
other things, concerns raised by advocacy groups about 
climate change impacts of greenhouse gas emissions including 
methane, hydraulic fracturing, oil spills and pipeline explosions, 
coupled with increasing societal expectations that businesses 
address climate change and potential consumer use of 
substitutes to carbon-intensive energy commodities may 
result in increased costs, reduced demand for our oil, natural 
gas and NGL production, reduced profits, increased regulation, 
regulatory investigations and litigation and negative impacts 
on our stock price and access to capital markets. These 
factors could also cause the permits we need to conduct our 
operations to be challenged, withheld, delayed or burdened by 
requirements that restrict our ability to profitably conduct our 
business.
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  7

Physical Risks  |  Short-, Medium- & Long-Term
Potential physical risks resulting from climate change might 
be event-driven (including potential increased severity of 
extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, droughts or 
floods) or might be driven by longer-term shifts in climate 
patterns that could cause sea level rise or chronic heat 
waves. Potential physical risks might cause direct damage to 
assets and indirect impacts, such as supply chain disruption, 
and also could include changes in water availability, sourcing 
and quality, which could impact drilling and completion 
operations. These physical risks could cause increased 
costs, production disruptions and lower revenues, as well as 
could substantially increase the cost or limit the availability of 
insurance. 
We regularly assess how we might be influenced by a 
changing climate and take seriously the potential for business 
disruption which could occur under extreme weather and 
natural disasters and reputational risks from climate change 
issues. These risks and responses are reviewed as part of the 
overall enterprise risk evaluation.
Market Opportunities  |  Short- to Medium-Term
With global disruptions in energy supplies relating to the 
war in Ukraine, supply-chain disruptions and the lack of 
infrastructure to support renewable energy alternatives, 
there has been an increase in demand for natural gas. We 
believe that natural gas can play a significant near-term role 
in reducing reliance on coal-fired electricity and to smooth 
the transition to intermittent renewable sources such as solar 
and wind. Recent disruptions in natural gas flows from Russia 
to Europe, coupled with the decommissioning of European 
nuclear power plants and reductions in hydro power 
generation due to lower water levels, has led to increased 
use of coal-fired power generation in Europe and increased 
emissions. This, in turn, has led to increased demand for 
natural gas imported from the U.S. and other producing 
countries to Europe. While the ability to export natural gas 
to Europe and other markets is constrained by the capacity 
of natural gas liquefaction facilities, these market dynamics 
have led to an increase in demand from U.S. natural gas and 
prices for natural gas.
Emissions Reduction Opportunities  |  Short-, 
Medium- & Long-Term
We are actively pursuing strategic actions to manage climate 
risks and to capture opportunities by investing in projects 
and technologies to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions 
including methane, minimizing flare volumes while increasing 
revenue through improved gas capture and minimizing 
freshwater sourcing requirements, as well as other actions. 
Examples of these initiatives are included throughout the 
remainder of this report. The company’s strategic and 
business planning considers the value of these projects in 
the context of the company’s overall approach to climate 
change risk management. 
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  8

Scenario Analysis
Coterra uses scenario planning to help inform the Company’s 
risk management and business strategy. Evaluation and 
consideration of future uncertainties is critical to maintaining 
our business agility and strengthening our capital allocation 
process. We test the strength and resiliency of our portfolio by 
sensitizing our internal financial models to multiple  
macro-commodity pricing scenarios. Specifically related to 
climate change, we utilize the models developed by two of the 
largest organizations that collect and track energy data, the 
International Energy Agency (IEA) and the United States (U. S.) 
Energy Information Agency (EIA). The IEA has four scenarios 
presented in their 2021 World Energy Outlook (WEO), and the 
EIA has nine scenarios presented in their 2022 Annual Energy 
Outlook (AEO). Energy demand, mix and prices vary across the 
scenarios, primarily driven by varying degrees of public policy 
assumptions for the IEA scenarios. 
This report considers the following scenarios:
• EIA 2022 Annual Energy Outlook Reference Case Scenario 
(EIA Base Case), 
• IEA 2021 World Energy Outlook Stated Policies Scenario 
(STEPS) and
• IEA 2021 World Energy Outlook Sustainable Development 
Scenario (SDS).
EIA Base Case and STEPS are not designed to achieve a 
particular outcome. Conversely, SDS is designed to limit 
the global average temperature increase to 2°Celsius or 
lower above pre-industrial levels. This scenario's resulting 
temperature increase above pre-industrial levels peaks at 
1.7°Celsius around 2050. Because the assumptions are 
developed secondary to the end goal in this scenario, it is 
important to evaluate the feasibility of the assumptions in SDS.
Global population and average individual wealth 
expected to grow, bolstering energy demand
By 2050, global population and average individual wealth 
(GDP4 per capita) are expected to grow +25% and +94%, 
respectively, bolstering energy demand. In STEPS, global 
energy demand grows +26% and the energy mix benefits  
from a diversity of sources, helping support energy reliability 
across demand sectors. Oil and natural gas supply grow over 
the period.
STEPS: Global Total Energy Supply (Exajoules)
2020
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
2030 2040 2050
Natural gas
Oil
Coal
Modern bioenergy
Nuclear
Traditional use of biomass
Other renewables
Intermittent renewables (solar, wind)
Natural gas
Oil
4Estimated 2050 GDP by applying IEA’s GDP CAGRs to 2020 GDP, from the April 2021 IMF Fiscal Monitor, as referenced in the IEA WEO   
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  9

In SDS, 2050 global energy demand declines 2% after 2020, 
despite the global wealth and population growth; energy 
per capita declines 22%, implying significant assumptions 
around behavioral change and energy efficiency. Additionally, 
the assumed energy efficiencies are primarily driven by the 
scenario’s public policy assumptions. SDS assumes that public 
policies supporting a 2°C or lower pathway are enacted equally 
across the world, and on the same timeline. The proposed 
efficiencies and global public policy may be difficult to achieve 
in reality.  
Also, the SDS scenario’s energy mix favors growth in 
renewables and electrification. This is driven by significant 
cost reduction assumptions for low-carbon technologies, 
including capital costs 5 that decline 60%, 59%, 14%, 36%, 
42%, 63% for solar PV, offshore wind, onshore wind, air source 
heat pumps, battery electric cars and utility-scale stationary 
batteries, respectively, over the 2020–2050 period. Even 
with the cost reductions, wind capital costs are still higher 
than combined-cycle natural gas capital costs. Solar capital 
costs are lower than combined-cycle natural gas, but solar 
also has a significantly lower capacity factor due to solar’s 
daily intermittency. Additionally, IEA acknowledges that the 
SDS’s lower demand assumption is critical to limiting overall 
investment required in this scenario. SDS proposed costs may 
be understated in reality. 
Facilitating low-carbon technologies is a function of the  
non-renewable critical mineral market, which would also need 
to grow substantially and at a rapid rate. Critical minerals are 
non-renewable and could face environmental concerns. They 
are also geographically concentrated, with China currently 
holding significant market share of the world’s mineral 
processing market. 6
Additionally, in SDS, the world’s 2050 power generation 
capacity is 73% intermittent energy, composed of 23% wind, 
42% solar and 8% battery storage (charged by intermittent 
sources). Today, the power mix is approximately 80% 
dispatchable, so the SDS scenario’s lack of dispatchable 
support might be challenged in reality. SDS also suggests that 
the buildings and transport sectors are increasingly electrified, 
further limiting energy diversity and heightening the impact of 
potential reliability events. 
We expect an all-of-the-above energy mix will be the likely path 
to ensuring energy reliability and affordability for a growing 
global population.
SDS: Global Total Energy Supply (Exajoules) 
2020
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
2030 2040 2050
Natural gas
Oil
Coal
Modern bioenergy
Nuclear
Traditional use of biomass
Other renewables
Intermittent renewables (solar, wind)
Natural gas
Oil
5From IEA’s World Energy Outlook – Capital cost percent reductions assume United States and Advanced Economies where applicable
6IEA (2021), The Role of Critical Minerals in Clean Energy Transitions, IEA, Paris https://www.iea.org/reports/the-role-of-critical-minerals-in-clean-
energy-transitions
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  10

North American oil and gas production expected to remain resilient
In STEPS, North American oil and gas production remains 
resilient and maintains substantial global market share after 
growing over the next decade. In the SDS, North American 
production declines, and North America concedes nearly  
one-third of its global natural gas market share, which 
has negative implications for both global emissions and 
geopolitical risk. SDS assumes advanced economies 
implement a $200/tonne carbon tax by 2050, artificially 
inflating the cost to produce hydrocarbons.  
This results in North America conceding natural-gas market 
share to regions with higher estimated emission intensities 
and/or regions that do not have a carbon tax. However, in order 
to more effectively reduce global emissions, production should 
be weighted toward the lower emission intensity producers 
with scale. As the world’s largest and one of the lower methane 
emitting producers, 7 the U.S. should remain a strong contender 
for global market share in a low-carbon scenario.  
Additionally, strong market share in global energy production 
is an important geopolitical tool that should be carefully 
considered by policy makers.
North America Oil Production (MMbbl/d)
24
28
24 26
18
23
13
   STEPS
   NAM market share in STEPS
   SDS
   NAM market share in SDS
   Historical data
2020 2030 2040 2050
0
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
North America Natural Gas Production (Bcf/d 8)
113
126
97
123
57
115
42
25%
19%
18%
29%
26%
23%
  STEPS
  NAM market share in STEPS
  SDS
  NAM market share in SDS
  Historical data
2020 2030 2040 2050
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
0
10%
20%
30%
40%
50%
60%
70%
EIA Base Case U.S. Production
 -
 20
 40
 60
 80
 100
 120
 140
0
4
8
12
16
202120232025202720292031203320352037203920412043204520472049
bcfd
mmbbld
EIA Base Case U.S. Production
Oil (mmbbld) Dry Natural Gas (bcfd)
  Oil (MMbbl/d)
  Dry Natural Gas (Bcf/d)
00
20
4 40
608
80
100
2021 2023 2025 2027 2029 2031 2033 2035 2037 2039 2041 2043 2045 2047 2049
12MMbbl/d
Bcf/d
120
14016
In the EIA Base Case, U.S. 
production also remains 
resilient after growing over 
the next decade.
28%
23%
27% 28% 29%
29%
29%
26%
7Based on intensity factors from Table 8 in the IEA’s World Energy Model
8IEA natural gas production has been converted from Bcm to Bcf/d by multiplying Bcm by 35.3 and dividing by 365
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  11

Oil prices ($/bbl)
2030 2030
0.000
$1.00$20
$2.00$40
$3.00$60
$4.00
$5.00
$80
$100
2040 20402050 2050
U.S. Natural Gas prices ($/MMBtu)
Conclusion
Hydrocarbons are critical to meeting the world’s growing 
energy needs, including for transportation, electricity, 
heating and cooling, cooking and industrial use—ultimately 
creating the everyday goods all around us. Global population 
and average individual wealth are expected to grow, driving 
energy demand. The U.S. is expected to play a significant 
role in meeting the world’s energy needs by delivering lower 
emission-intensity oil and gas to the market at scale.  
Coterra, the IEA and the EIA believe oil and natural gas will have 
a continued role in the global energy mix, and we believe we are 
in a premier position to supply those resources due to our low 
cost and low greenhouse gas intensity assets, as referenced in 
this report.
Coterra’s diversified portfolio across multiple geographic 
basins with robust low-cost oil, natural gas and NGL reserves 
allows us to further mitigate our exposure to potential market 
risks by being able to adapt to changing energy demand 
needs. Our scenario analysis shows the depth and quality of 
our portfolio and reaffirms our commitment to delivering  
low-cost energy to the world in a responsible way. 
We intend to continue to use scenario planning to help  
inform our risk management and business strategy.  
Evaluation and consideration of future uncertainties is critical 
to maintaining our business agility and strengthening our 
capital allocation process.
Sources
Based on IEA data from IEA (2021), World Energy Outlook 2021, IEA, Paris https://www.iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2021, All rights 
reserved; as modified by Coterra Energy Inc. 
IEA (2021), World Energy Model, IEA, Paris https://www.iea.org/reports/world-energy-model
IMF (International Monetary Fund) (2021a), Fiscal Monitor April 2021, https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/FM/Issues/2021/03/29/fiscal-monitor-
april-2021
U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), Annual Energy Outlook 2022
$77 $3.60
$71 $3.46
$56
$1.90
$85 $3.80
$81
$3.72
$53
$2.00
$88 $4.30
$87
$3.59
$50
$2.00
  STEPS   SDS   EIA Base Case
As a low-cost operator, Coterra is defensively positioned for various commodity price environments
As disclosed in our “2Q22 Earning Presentation,” released in 
August 2022, we estimated that our corporate  
break-even prices, inclusive of corporate overhead and taxes, 
are approximately $40/barrel of crude oil (bbl) and $2.25/
million British themal units (MMBtu) for oil and natural gas, 
respectively. Our estimated break-even oil price is competitive 
across the EIA Base Case, STEPS and SDS. 
Recent macro-economic inflationary pressures have 
increased our cost of goods sold, which has consequently 
increased our break-even natural gas price estimate. Our 
current estimated break-even natural gas price slightly 
exceeds the SDS commodity prices. However, in a  
lower-commodity price environment like the SDS, we would 
expect our cost of goods sold to deflate as well, implying a 
more competitive break-even than currently estimated.
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  12

Climate Risk Management (TCFD: Risk Management – a,b,c)
Coterra is committed to managing the transition and physical 
risks related to climate change. We employ a multidisciplinary, 
company-wide Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process 
for integrating risk management throughout our business 
that includes identifying, evaluating and addressing risks and 
opportunities on a regular basis. The ERM process receives 
oversight from our executives and is reviewed by the Board, 
assigning executive-level responsibility for each identified risk. 
The risks and impacts associated with our business require 
effective collaboration among departments, business units and 
external stakeholders. Climate change risks and opportunities 
are integrated into this process. When assessing risks in this 
ERM process, we evaluate each risk depending on the potential 
magnitude of impacts resulting from the risk, as well as the 
likelihood that the risk will materialize and impact Coterra. In 
assessing the magnitude and likelihood of a risk resulting in 
a material financial impact to Coterra, we also evaluate the 
expected timing over which the risk might materialize, including 
short-, medium- and long-term horizons. 
We also identify and assess climate-related risks as part of our 
overall sustainable business strategy. Risk management topics 
are reviewed and discussed on a regular basis among our 
leadership team and across the entire organization. Business 
unit leaders are responsible for incorporating business 
unit–specific risk management plans into their operations. 
Depending on the potential impact of the identified risk relative 
to the risk threshold we are willing to accept, appropriate risk 
mitigation and monitoring strategies are put in place, with 
associated controls and assurance mechanisms. 
Our risk management process is applied at the operational level 
to Coterra’s projects through integration into our approach to 
project management, as well as to operating facilities through 
our operational policies and procedures.
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  13

Climate Metrics  (TCFD: Metrics and Targets – a,b; SASB: EM-EP-110a.1,2)
Coterra tracks Scope 1 and 2 total greenhouse gas emissions inclusive of methane and flaring. Data 
is tracked and reported on an absolute basis and as an intensity relative to production. Coterra’s 
Scope 1 GHG emissions for calendar year 2021 have been verified by a third-party auditor. No 
material discrepancies were identified supporting Coterra’s GHG emissions disclosed to the EPA.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
SASB-EM-EP-110a.19 Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO 2e) 2,869,327 1,834,657 1,515,275
Percentage methane 33.2% 25.5% 15.7%
Percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations 0% 0% 0%
Gross global Scope 2 emissions 10,11 (metric tons CO 2e) Did not track 136,224 96,454
SASB-EM-EP-110a.2 9 Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions  
(metric tons CO 2e) from:  
(1) Flared hydrocarbons 574,378 287, 975 145,742
(2) Other combustion 1,399,228 1,125,372 1,124,392
(3) Process emissions 41,801 13,653 12,482
(4) Other vented emissions 802,728 352,236 216,524
(5) Fugitive emissions 51,192 55,421 16,135
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensities
METRIC 2019 2020 2021
Company-Wide Scope 1 (metric tons CO 2e/produced Mboe) 9.59 6.47 5.48
Company-Wide Scope 2 10,11 (metric tons CO 2e/produced Mboe) Did not track 0.49 0.35
Company-Wide Scope 1 + Scope 2 10,11 (metric tons CO 2e/produced Mboe) Did not track 6.96 5.83
Upstream12 Scope 1 (metric tons CO 2e/produced Mboe) 6.82 3.93 2.85
Midstream12 Scope 1 (metric tons CO 2e/Mboe13) 18.65 15.19 14.59
9When converting CH4 and N2O to CO2 equivalent to account for Global Warming Potential (GWP), Coterra uses 25 and 298, respectively, per 40 CFR Part 98 
Subpart A 
10Includes office buildings for which Coterra had operational control
11Coterra did not track Scope 2 emissions in 2019
12Upstream and midstream relate to the Onshore Production and Onshore Gathering and Boosting EPA defined industry segments, respectively
13Midstream Mboe is calculated using quantity of gas received by the facility and transported hydrocarbon liquids to a facility as defined in Subpart W using a 
6:1 BOE ratio
CLIMATE  |  14
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Methane Emissions Intensities (Scope 1)
METRIC 2019 2020 2021
Company-Wide Scope 1 (metric tons CH 4 emitted/metric tons CH 4 produced) 0.168% 0.071% 0.038%
Upstream12 Scope 1 (metric tons CH 4 emitted/metric tons CH 4 produced) 0.130% 0.064% 0.031%
Midstream12 Scope 1 (metric tons CH 4 emitted/metric tons CH 4 received) 0.098% 0.063% 0.045%
Flaring Emissions Intensity (Scope 1)
METRIC 2019 2020 2021
Company-Wide flaring 14 (volume of gas flared/volume of gas produced) 0.471% 0.228% 0.141%
Coterra analyzes our upstream emissions on a standalone basis to facilitate comparisons of our 
performance to our peers15, as our peer group has varying levels of operations within the upstream 
and midstream segments. The following data is derived from EPA Subpart  
W–submitted data:
Upstream Segment GHG Intensity (EPA Onshore Production Segment)
2021 CTRA
14
12
10
8
6
4
2
0
2020 CTRA 2020 Proxy Peer Average 2020 Non-Proxy Peer Average
GHG Intensity (MT CO 2e/Mboe)
12Upstream and midstream relate to the Onshore Production and Onshore Gathering and Boosting EPA defined industry segments, respectively
13Midstream Mboe is calculated using quantity of gas received by the facility and transported hydrocarbon liquids to a facility as defined in Subpart W using a 
6:1 BOE ratio
14Coterra’s flaring intensity includes high pressure, low pressure and pilot-light flaring
15Our Proxy peers consist of AR, APA, CHK, CLR, DVN, FANG, EOG, EQT, HES, MRO, OXY, OVV and PXD
13.30
8.83
3.932.85
CLIMATE  |  15
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Emissions Reduction Initiatives   
(TCFD: Metrics and Targets – a,c; SASB: EM-EP-110a.3)
Coterra’s two main Scope 1 greenhouse gases emitted are 
carbon dioxide (CO 2) and methane (CH 4). Through innovation 
and technology, we are committed to reducing the amount of 
these gases we release related to our operations. Our ongoing 
analysis of our near real-time emissions data enables us to 
track CO2 and CH4 emissions by each categorical source to 
identify equipment and/or emission sources with the most 
potential for emissions reduction opportunities. Coterra also 
leverages our associations with groups like the American 
Petroleum Institute’s “The Environmental Partnership” to 
further identify opportunities for innovations and technologies 
that may reduce our emission footprint.
Carbon Dioxide
Carbon dioxide emissions from our operations are primarily 
produced through combustion. Approximately 86% of 
Coterra’s carbon dioxide emissions are related to combustion 
in engines used in our compression, drilling and completion 
operations, while approximately 11% of our carbon dioxide 
emissions are related to flaring. The below figure demonstrates 
the major components of our CO 2 emissions:
66% 
Compressor  
Combustion
3% 
Other
11% 
Flaring
20% 
Drilling & 
Completion 
Combustion
From 2019 to 2021, Coterra reduced its absolute CO 2 
emissions by approximately 33%. To achieve this reduction to 
date, and to continue to reduce our CO 2 emissions in the future, 
Coterra is utilizing electrification, fuel optionality and flare 
mitigation throughout our operations.
Electrification  
Coterra’s strategic investments to electrify significant portions 
of our operating areas affords us the opportunity to transition 
a meaningful portion of the large engines in our operations 
to electric motors, markedly reducing our CO 2 emissions 
associated with those sources. Although these initiatives 
transition some of our Scope 1 emissions into Scope 2 
emissions, the net Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions are typically 
25%–45% less due to several factors. First, the emission 
intensity (CO 2e/MWh) of the power grid in the areas of our 
operations are low relative to some other oil and gas production 
areas. We expect the grids where we operate to continue 
lowering their emission intensities through improvement of 
efficiencies related to thermal generation; increased use of 
lower carbon electrical generation; and possible utilization 
of carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) within the 
power generation sector. Second, the efficiency of electric 
motors to convert energy input into work output tends to be 
better than internal combustion engines. Electric motors also 
reduce other pollutants from our operations such as NO X, SOX 
and particulate matter and the risk of incomplete combustion 
resulting in carbon monoxide (CO) and CH 4 emissions. The 
three largest operational processes for which we are currently 
abating CO 2 emissions through electrification are compression 
(e-compression), hydraulic fracturing (e-frac) and drilling 
(e-drilling).
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  16

Electric Infrastructure
• A Coterra owned grid powers our operations in 
Culberson and Reeves counties
• Coterra is currently running 6 rigs and 1 hydraulic 
fracturing crew equipped to run off of grid power, 
where available
• Coterra plans to exit 2022 with 4 midstream 
electric compressor units in service
• This system provides optionality for possible 
behind the meter power generation
E-Compression
Approximately 77% of Coterra’s 2021 Scope 1 compressor 
combustion CO 2 emissions were related to our midstream 
operations in the Permian Basin. In 2022, we have installed 
several large electric compressors, and we expect the 
continuation of this initiative in coming years will meaningfully 
reduce Coterra’s CO 2 emissions from this source. We are 
currently evaluating a scenario in which we could convert 
over 75% of Coterra’s midstream compression horsepower to 
electric compression by 2027. We also are converting well-site 
compression to electric compression where technically and 
economically feasible. 
E-Frac
Coterra’s CO2 emissions related to the combustion of fuels 
used in the hydraulic fracturing of our wells constituted 
approximately 82% of Coterra’s CO 2 emissions from drilling and 
completing wells. In the summer of 2022, we began operations 
with a grid-powered e-frac fleet. Early data suggests that the 
use of this technology reduces the net Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions related to hydraulic fracturing by 40%–45% when 
compared to a traditional diesel-powered fleet.
E-Drilling
Approximately 18% of our CO 2 emissions from drilling and 
completing wells are related to the combustion of fuels in the 
drilling process. In 2021, approximately 50% of the wells we 
drilled in the Permian Basin utilized grid-powered drilling rigs, 
and in 2022, Coterra expects that metric to increase to  
over 80%.
Fuel Optionality
Where technically and economically feasible, Coterra is 
utilizing lower CO 2-producing fuels. Many of the large engines 
we use in our operations have optionality regarding the type 
of fuels used in their combustion. Coterra uses a portfolio of 
options ranging from diesel, biodiesel, field gas and residue 
gas as fuel for our engines. By investing in infrastructure to 
deliver, and in some cases utilizing specialized equipment to 
burn, lower carbon–producing fuels, Coterra is reducing the 
CO2 emissions from combustion in our operations.
Substation: part of Coterra's electric infrastructure
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  17

Flare Mitigation
Flaring constituted approximately 11% of the Scope 1 CO 2 
emissions from Coterra’s operations in 2021. We strive to 
minimize flaring, not only to reduce our overall carbon dioxide 
emissions, but to minimize the volumes of natural gas we 
produce and are unable to sell. From 2019 to 2021, Coterra 
achieved an approximate 70% reduction of its total flaring 
intensity, computed as the sum of the volume of gas flared 
from high-pressure, low-pressure and pilot-light flaring in our 
operations divided by the total volume of gas we produced. 
This improvement was accomplished via several initiatives.  
First, we strive to ensure adequate gathering and pipeline 
capacity, or takeaway, to move the natural gas we produce to 
market. Coterra does not operate a single well that does not 
have a gas-gathering line to accept its gas production, and as 
of the end of 2021, Coterra has zero routine  
high-pressure flaring in its operations. Ensuring gas-gathering 
lines are in place before wells are capable of producing is 
a result of cooperation between our operations teams, our 
owned midstream group and our third-party gas gatherers. 
When either planned or unplanned upset conditions related to 
our gas takeaway capacity do occur, we work with our partners 
to reduce the impact of those curtailments. Due to optionality 
provided by looping within many of our gas-gathering systems, 
often we can divert gas volumes to other portions of the 
gathering system to continue to allow gas to flow away from 
our production facilities. If upset conditions are expected to be 
of long duration or cause large volumes of gas to be flared, we 
also often choose to shut-in wells until our takeaway capacity 
is restored. 
Second, Coterra’s completion activities follow green 
completions guidelines. Federal regulation defines green 
completions as the capture of produced gases during well 
completion activities and allows for flaring or venting only when 
it is not technically feasible to capture the gases or when the 
situation presents a hazardous condition.
In addition, our modern production facility designs result in 
less gas being flared. The use of our tankless facility design, 
coupled with vapor recovery units, reduces the volume of  
low-pressure flaring in our operations and allows us to sell 
more of the gas we produce. 
Also, our Coterra owned and operated gas-gathering allows 
for increased efficiencies related to non-routine high-pressure 
flaring due to midstream curtailments. In 2021, our Permian 
high-pressure flare intensity due to midstream curtailment 
was approximately 30% less for Coterra-owned gas-gathering 
compared to our third-party gas gatherers.  
Finally, we have begun centralizing high-pressure flares 
within our operations. By centralizing these flares to strategic 
points in our gathering systems, we can reduce the number 
of flares we must manage, resulting in less maintenance and 
fewer required inspections, which leads to more efficient 
flare burners and lower incidences of unlit flares. To date, this 
initiative has eliminated 23 flares from our production facilities 
by adding 2 centralized flares at our compressor stations. Once 
completed, we are targeting 7 additional centralized flares to 
be installed which will eliminate approximately 97 additional 
flares from our production sites. Also, the centralized flares will 
prevent the need to install approximately 5-7 production flares 
at new facilities each year.
Methane
Methane (CH 4) constituted approximately 16% of Coterra’s 
computed Scope 1 CO 2e greenhouse gas emissions in 2021. 
The figure below demonstrates the major components of our 
CH4 emissions:
4% 
Other
44% 
Pneumatic  
Controllers
22% 
Well Liquid 
Unloading
7% 
Fugitives
10% 
Completions/  
Workovers
13% 
Combustion  
Efficiency
Coterra is committed to reducing the CH 4 emissions from 
our operations to reduce our impact on the environment. We 
would also prefer to capture and sell CH 4 when technically 
and economically feasible. Between 2019 and 2021, Coterra 
innovated across its portfolio to generate an over 77% 
reduction in its CH 4 intensity, computed as the total metric 
tons of CH4 emitted divided by the total metric tons of CH 4 
produced. To achieve this reduction to date, and to continue 
to reduce our CH 4 emissions in the future, Coterra is focusing 
on pneumatic controllers, well liquid unloading, combustion 
efficiency, venting related to completions and fugitive CH 4 
emissions.
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  18

Pneumatic Controllers
Approximately 44% of Coterra’s CH 4 emissions in 2021 were 
related to natural gas-powered pneumatics. To reduce these 
emissions, we install non-emitting pneumatic devices on new 
facilities, we have implemented a retrofit program to convert 
existing facilities to non-emitting pneumatic devices and 
we have rerouted a portion of our pneumatics related CH 4 
emissions from atmospheric bleed to emission-control devices 
such as flares. Utilizing compressed-instrument air instead of 
natural gas to power pneumatic control devices is the primary 
way Coterra attains non-emitting control systems. As of the 
end of 2021, over 70% of our pneumatic controllers capable of 
venting to the atmosphere were either configured as  
non-emitting or were routed to a control device.
Well-Liquid Unloading
Well-liquid unloading events constituted approximately 22% of 
Coterra’s CH4 emissions in 2021. Well-liquid unloading events 
are required to remove fluid buildup in wells to improve or 
restore well production and are performed by venting wells to 
atmospheric tanks. Coterra reduced the CH 4 associated with 
these events by approximately 23% from 2019 to 2021. This 
reduction was accomplished via several methods. First, Coterra 
uses well-liquid unloading data in the prioritization process 
when deciding which wells to install artificial lift systems, 
capillary strings and wellsite compressors. Second, Coterra 
requires on-site supervision of the entire unloading process 
which allows for the events to be of shorter duration, since they 
are stopped once the well is unloaded. Finally, we hold regular 
reviews of liquid unloading events with the regional and field 
staff to analyze best steps forward to reduce emissions from 
this source.
Combustion Efficiency
Approximately 13% of Coterra’s methane emissions in 2021 
were related to combustion efficiency. These emissions 
are related to the incomplete combustion of fuels burned 
in engines and flares. Emissions from these sources are 
calculated using emission factors used in the United States 
Environmental Protection Agency’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting 
Program and are based on the volume and type of 
fuel burned in the engines and flares within our operations. 
Coterra’s initiative to electrify large engines where technically 
and economically feasible in our operations reduces the CH 4 
emissions related to these sources.  
Completion Operations
Venting during completion and workover operations 
represented approximately 10% of Coterra’s CH 4 emissions in 
2021. The large majority of these emissions were associated 
with milling out frac plugs after wells had been hydraulically 
fractured. Gas returned to surface during this operation is  
low-pressure, intermittent and not capable of being sent 
to sales. In 2022, Coterra began piloting a process in our 
Marcellus Business Unit designed to capture, measure and 
combust this gas, significantly reducing the CH 4 emissions 
associated with the process. Should this pilot be successful, 
Coterra expects a meaningful reduction in CH 4 emissions from 
this source.
Fugitive Emissions
Fugitive emissions constituted approximately 7% of Coterra’s 
CH4 emissions in 2021. These emissions represent the 
unintended release of gas through various components such 
as flanges, valves, connectors and pressure relief valves. To 
help identify and minimize fugitive emissions, Coterra employs 
the use of optical gas imaging (OGI) cameras for leak-detection 
inspections on an ongoing basis as required by regulation. In 
addition to Coterra’s OGI inspections required by regulation, 
we have also instituted additional voluntary OGI inspections 
on certain facilities. These additional inspections are designed 
to capture potential large, unintended releases and are 
carried out either by handheld or drone-based OGI cameras. 
Members of our team are trained and certified thermographers 
from the Infrared Training Center. The training provides our 
operators with not only the operating techniques and basics of 
thermal science, but also an understanding of the regulatory 
framework, safety practices, camera techniques and video 
image interpretive skills. 
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  19

Coterra has implemented additional enhanced monitoring 
practices across our operating areas beyond the required 
surveillance. These monitoring techniques include  
fixed-wing aerial flyovers, ground-based lasers and point 
sensors all designed to alert our teams to unintended  
releases and to more quickly remedy these releases.  
The technology available to monitor methane emissions is 
developing and evolving, and Coterra expects a portfolio of 
solutions will ultimately play a significant role in reducing our 
fugitive emissions. 
In addition to CH 4 surveillance, Coterra’s maintenance 
programs are also designed to reduce our fugitive emissions 
before they occur. By actively maintaining equipment in 
proper working order, Coterra reduces its exposure to fugitive 
emissions related to component failures. 
Coterra’s modern facility designs also reduce our exposure to 
fugitive emissions. Our tankless facilities reduce the number of 
components with a high risk of fugitive emissions.
Between 2019 and 2021, Coterra’s efforts related to fugitive 
methane emissions reduction resulted in an approximately 
68% reduction in CH 4 emissions from this source.
Tankless Facilities
Coterra’s tankless facility design targets reducing fugitive 
emissions, especially those related to atmospheric storage 
tanks. This design eliminates tanks from our facilities, as 
well as thief hatches and end-of-line devices that have the 
potential for fugitive emissions. Our tankless designs also 
incorporate vapor recovery units that reduce low-pressure 
flare volumes and allow Coterra to sell more of the gas it 
produces. Current costs of installing tankless facilities versus 
conventional facilities are competitive on newly constructed 
facilities. In a study utilizing continuous methane-emissions 
monitoring technology, Coterra compared the measured 
methane emissions from a tankless facility to a conventional 
facility. The results of that seven-month-long study showed 
approximately 96% less measured methane emissions from 
the tankless facility. Coterra is utilizing the tankless facility 
design on new facilities in our liquid-rich areas of operation, 
and when Coterra adds new wells to legacy facilities in these 
areas, we also are retrofitting those legacy facilities to tankless 
facilities when technically and economically feasible.
Tankless facility: Permian Basin
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  20

Climate Targets  (TCFD: Metrics and Targets – c; SASB: EM-EP-110a.3)
In 2022, three climate metrics were added to Coterra’s 
executive short-term incentive targets: greenhouse gas 
intensity, methane intensity and total flare intensity.  
The midpoints of our targets are 5.57 MT CO 2/Mboe, 0.036% 
and 0.125% which represent a 42% reduction, a 79% reduction 
and a 74% reduction, respectively, when compared to a  
2019 baseline.  
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity
GHG Emissions (MT CO 2e)/Gross Annual Total Production
Methane Emissions Intensity
Methane Emissions (MT CH 4)/Gross Methane Produced (MT CH 4)
Total Company Flare Intensity
Volume of Flared Natural Gas (Mcf)/Gross Total Produced Natural Gas (Mcf)
2019
2019
2019
2020
2020
2020
2021
2021
2021
2022
2022
2022
0.1%
0.0%
0.2%
0.3%
0.4%
0.5%
0.20%
0
2
4
6
8
10
0.15%
0.10%
0.05%
0.00%
9.59
0.168%
0.471%
0.228%
0.141% 0.118%–0.131%
0.071%
0.038% 0.033%–0.038%
6.47
5.48 5.20–5.94
  42%
Reduction
 79%
Reduction
 74%
Reduction
Figures listed above include only Scope 1 Subpart W reportable emissions. Results represent combined emissions profiles for all years. 2019 to 
2022 reductions calculated at midpoint of 2022 targets
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
CLIMATE   |  21

Environmental, Health and Safety
Environmental, Health and Safety Management System  
(SASB: EM-EP-540a.2)
Coterra is focused on improving our Environmental, Health 
and Safety (EHS) performance. Our EHS Committee of the 
Board of Directors has ultimate oversight of our EHS policies, 
programs and initiatives and reports regularly to the full Board. 
Our EHS management system (MS) establishes a framework 
for EHS compliance and performance and covers all elements 
of our operating lifecycle. It influences our management of 
environmental protection, biodiversity impacts and workforce 
health and safety, the aspects of which are described 
in the following sections. The EHS MS has controls and 
safeguards in place to assist the safe execution of our work 
within the oil and gas exploration and production sector. Our 
sites have processes to regularly inspect the facilities and 
identify, record and track prevention and mitigation efforts 
for identified potential hazards. The EHS MS is reviewed 
periodically and updated to incorporate best practices. For 
key tasks, we have standard operating procedures (SOPs) 
that provide clear guidelines and requirements to perform 
the tasks in a safe and environmentally responsible way. Our 
Director, EHS, provides oversight of our EHS MS. 
Coterra’s EHS MS outlines our compliance with applicable 
environmental laws and regulations and highlights our 
commitments, including monitoring, auditing and enhancing 
our environmental and safety performance. The EHS MS 
applies to all our operations and is available to employees 
on our intranet and to contractors via a third-party service. 
Employees and contractors are expected to comply with 
our policies, programs, standards and procedures. Coterra 
integrates EHS considerations into our projects and 
operations. EHS regulatory requirements are monitored 
for potential changes at a federal, state and local level, and 
identified changes are then communicated to impacted 
operations teams.
We provide monthly EHS training for our employees and 
encourage our contractors’ involvement. EHS training topics 
are generated through analysis of lessons learned, historical 
trends and regulatory changes. In addition, we also provide 
EHS leadership training to operational supervisors through an 
industry-leading consulting company. 
Before Coterra proceeds with any non-routine work, we 
perform a Job Safety Environmental Analysis (JSEA) to 
identify potential safety and environmental hazards. We 
conduct EHS review assessments through monthly and 
quarterly internal inspections and are subject to potential 
external annual facilities inspections by our insurance 
company. We have a self-assessment and corrective 
action management process for proactively identifying and 
addressing improvement opportunities, including external 
third-party environmental assessments. We also perform 
preventative maintenance on equipment across our operating 
areas to mitigate potential equipment failures.
Our EHS staff participate in our internal EHS network and 
industry trade groups. Coterra’s EHS staff is also encouraged 
to participate in professional and industry seminars and 
conferences to remain at the forefront of EHS matters within 
our industry and to be knowledgeable of EHS best practices 
across all industries. 
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY   |  22

Environmental Protection 
Air Quality (SASB: EM-EP-120a.1)
Air Quality Data
METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
SASB-EM-EP-120a.116 Air emission of the following pollutants:
(1) Metric tons NOX (excluding N2O) 1,109 839 1,130
(2) Metric tons SO X 2 1 1
(3) Metric tons volatile organic compounds (VOCs) 58 50 60
(4) Metric tons particulate matter (PM 10) 39 32 34
We are committed to minimizing air pollutants emitted. Our air quality programs are designed so that our operations meet or exceed 
federal and state regulations that establish emissions limits, emissions control requirements, monitoring, testing, record-keeping 
and reporting requirements to protect and maintain air quality. 
To improve our air quality performance, Coterra focuses on our emissions reduction initiatives as described within our response to 
climate, including but not limited to electrification of drilling, completion, compression and production equipment; centralized flaring; 
tankless facilities; and non-emitting pneumatic controllers. 
Water Management (SASB: EM-EP-140a.1,2,3)
Water Quality Data
METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
SASB-EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total freshwater withdrawn (Thousand cubic meters) 6 ,117 4,169 4,498
Percentage withdrawn in regions of high or extremely high 
baseline water stress 17 0% 0% 0%
(2) Total fresh water consumed (Thousand cubic meters) 5,632 3,731 4,065
SASB-EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water generated (Thousand cubic 
meters) 32,101 29,943 30,500
Volume of flowback generated (Thousand cubic meters) 1,585 968 1,870
(1) Percentage discharged 0% 0% 0%
(2) Percentage injected 85.2% 89.3% 78.7%
(3) Percentage recycled 14.8% 10.7% 21.3%
Percentage hydrocarbon content in discharged water 0% 0% 0%
SASB-EM-EP-140a.3 18 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there 
is public disclosure of all fracturing fluid chemicals used 100% 100% 100%
16This data table is limited to Coterra’s Marcellus Business Unit (MBU) only. Systems are being put into place to be able to capture this data for all areas of 
operations for reporting year 2022 
17As defined by the Water Resource Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct
18Coterra discloses the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing fluid through www.fracfocus.org
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY  |  23
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Water Management
Responsible water management is central to our operations 
and our communities. We recognize the risk water scarcity 
poses to Coterra and to our stakeholders. Water is an essential 
component in our oil and gas operations. Coterra focuses 
on the efficient management of water across the operations 
cycle and strives to take the precautions necessary to protect 
and responsibly use the water supplies in the communities in 
which we operate. As such, water scarcity is integrated into 
our risk assessments and as part of our business strategy. In 
2021, 0% of our water was withdrawn from high/extremely high 
water-scarcity risk regions, according to the World Resource 
Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct. Our EHS 
Committee and Director, EHS, provide oversight to water 
management activities and issues.  
To minimize freshwater usage, we recycle and reuse produced 
waters where technically and economically feasible. Coterra 
actively investigates alternative means to minimize freshwater 
needs, such as sourcing produced water from third-party 
disposal facilities and other offset operators. When recycled 
water volumes do not fulfill our stimulation requirements, 
Coterra purchases water, including freshwater, brackish and 
other non-potable water, from third-party sources. 
In our Marcellus Business Unit operations, while we recycle 
nearly 100% of the water generated by our flowback and 
production operations, additional water sourcing is utilized 
for our Marcellus hydraulic fracturing activity due to the low 
produced-water volumes. Pennsylvania freshwater withdrawal 
sources operate in accordance with the Susquehanna River 
Basin Commission (SRBC)’s Consumptive Use Mitigation 
Policy through facility-specific conditions presented in 
dockets issued/approved by the SRBC. Further, freshwater 
withdrawal facilities are required to be compliant with 
facility-specific water management plans approved by the 
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection 
(PADEP). The approved dockets and plans detail specific 
withdrawal quantities and limitations at each source to ensure 
adequate environmental protections and mitigate potential 
adverse impacts to the sources. Flowback/produced fluid 
generated is sent to PADEP-permitted beneficial reuse 
facilities or reused directly in operations. Permitted beneficial 
reuse facilities that do not return water to the Company for 
reuse in completions operations will generally provide the 
treated/stored water to other operators in the basin for reuse/
recycling in well-completion activities. 
Permian Basin On-Demand Pipeline System
We have developed an on-demand pipeline system that ties 
into our existing produced-water gathering, recycling and 
disposal infrastructure so that we can reuse produced water 
as source water for our completion operations. Over 200 miles 
of pipeline reduces the need for surface storage, trucking and 
minimizes potential spills. This system reduces the Company’s 
need to purchase and use fresh water for hydraulic fracturing 
operations. As water volume requirements for stimulation 
operations have grown, Coterra has been able to meet the 
additional water requirements through this system.
Booster Station: Part of Coterra’s engineered access for water reuse
202120202019
81%74%
63%
Permian Basin % Recycled Water Sourced for 
Completion Operations
Groundwater Protection 
Our groundwater protection program covers our operational 
regions and includes performing water-supply baseline 
surveys and sampling; well-integrity processes; engaging 
with landowners; and complying with federal, state and local 
regulations. We do not intentionally discharge process water, 
fracturing water or produced water to surface water bodies.
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY   |  24

Biodiversity Impacts (SASB: EM-EP-160a.1,2) 
Biodiversity Data
METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
SASB-EM-EP-160a.2 Number of hydrocarbon spills 42 31 17
Aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills (Bbls) 602 481 166
Volume of hydrocarbon spills in the Arctic 0 0 0
Volume of hydrocarbon spills impacting shorelines  
with ESI rankings 8–10 0 0 0
Volume of hydrocarbons recovered from spills (Bbls) 339 150 68
Unplanned releases of any kind are contrary to our 
commitment to environmental stewardship and represent 
operational inefficiencies we strive to eliminate. We seek to 
manage our operations effectively and limit the number of 
unplanned releases. In the event that we do have an incident, 
we are prepared with secondary containment systems,  
auto-shutoff instrumentation and controls, response plans, 
incident analysis and corrective actions. In addition, we utilize 
incident response companies for release management, 
remediation and disposal of waste to ensure all releases are 
handled effectively.
Our EHS department partners with all operations of the 
Company and engages with local biodiversity subject-matter 
experts to support and enhance our activities. As part of our 
EHS MS, biodiversity and land-use programs receive oversight 
from our EHS Committee and Director, EHS. Our EHS MS 
identifies and includes biodiversity management plans for 
priority areas.  
As part of our planning process prior to development 
operations, Coterra performs environmental assessments 
(EAs) to identify and mitigate potential biodiversity hazards. 
Our EAs are informed by data sets and regulations from various 
state and federal organizations. Coterra’s EA process  
identifies threatened and endangered species, special 
concerned species and other resources within the area. In 
addition, wetland delineations are conducted on proposed 
well-site locations. To date, EA results have not materially 
impacted Coterra’s ability to construct well-site locations  
nor impacted Coterra’s ability to access reserves.
Minimizing Surface Impacts
Coterra uses horizontal drilling and multi-well pads along with 
the latest technology that allows for increased lateral lengths, 
which reduces the number of pads needed to access reserves 
and minimizes our overall surface footprint. This also leads to 
more efficient operations due to less frequent mobilization 
of drilling rigs and completion crews, fewer individual sites 
requiring maintenance and less road construction and 
traffic. To minimize erosion and sedimentation issues, Coterra 
uses physical controls, optimizes well-pad design and layout 
and performs regular inspections.
Site Reclamation
Once a well-pad site is no longer needed, the wells are properly 
plugged and abandoned, associated equipment is removed 
and the location is reclaimed. Reclamation is performed per 
guidelines created by the various federal and state agencies 
with reclamation oversight.
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY   |  25

Workforce Health & Safety (SASB: EM-EP-320a.1,2)
Safety Data
METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
SASB-EM-EP-320a.119 (a) Full-time employees
(1) Total recordable incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.70 0.69 0.30
(1a) Lost time incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.46 0.34 0.10
(2) Fatality rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.00 0.00 0.00
(3) Near miss frequency rate (per 200k hours worked) Did Not 
Track 0.77 0.20
(4) Average hours of health, safety and emergency response training Did Not 
Track 14.32 14.01
(b) Contract employees
(1) Total recordable incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.59 0.37 0.44
(1a) Lost time incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.10 0.25 0.27
(2) Fatality rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.00 0.00 0.02
(3) Near miss frequency rate (per 200k hours worked) Did Not 
Track 0.98 0.22
(c) Full-time employees & contractor employees
(1) Total recordable incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.61 0.42 0.42
(1a) Lost time incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.15 0.27 0.24
(2) Fatality rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.00 0.00 0.01
(3) Near miss frequency rate (per 200k hours worked) Did Not 
Track 0.94 0.22
19Short-service employee metrics are included within our full-time employee metrics
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY   |  26

Safety is a core value of Coterra. We believe safe operations 
not only protect the individuals on our locations, but 
ultimately lead to more efficient operations. We have a formal 
health and safety policy that applies to all employees. Each 
employee acknowledges their EHS responsibilities annually. 
Our commitment to safety is integrated throughout our 
organization—from frontline employees and contractors to our 
executive leadership and Board of Directors. 
Our Executive Safety Council (ESC), a group of nine 
management team members, convenes regularly to set safety 
best practices across our operations. Our Director, EHS, 
oversees day-to-day implementation and management of our 
safety programs.  
While Coterra strives for a culture of safety, incidents can occur. 
When we have an incident, we conduct an incident analysis 
to determine the cause and identify possible measures to 
prevent future occurrences. We have also implemented safety 
stand-downs to reinforce our safety principles and to ensure 
everyone on location recognizes the importance of job safety. 
A “safety stand-down” is an event where we shut down a job, 
area or department for a period of time and gather employees 
and/or contractors together to discuss and reinforce specific 
safety topics and the overall safety culture at Coterra.
Coterra’s operations are conducted under a Stop Work 
Authority (SWA) program that empowers employees and 
contractors to stop work if they discover a dangerous condition 
or other serious EHS hazard. All Coterra employees and 
contractors have the authority and obligation to stop any task 
or operation if they have any concerns or questions regarding 
any potential EHS hazard. Once an SWA is in effect, work 
cannot resume until all stop work-issues and concerns have 
been adequately addressed.
Contractor Safety Program
Coterra employs a diverse group of contractors that provide 
specialized service functions necessary for our operations. 
Coterra is dedicated to enhancing our contractor’s safety 
performance while on our locations by vetting contractors 
for required training and qualifications, conducting periodic 
reviews and assessments and addressing incidents. 
Coterra’s EHS policies and programs apply to Coterra 
contractors when on our locations. Contractors are held to 
the same EHS expectations as Coterra employees. We also 
actively monitor and disclose contractor safety performance 
and participate in local contractor safety councils to explore 
and assess new ways to improve performance.
Prior to working on a Coterra job site, we review potential 
contractors for citations, safety statistics, written programs, 
training documentation and job specific requirements. We use 
specifically selected criteria and contractual requirements to 
regularly enhance and maintain contractor safety performance. 
Our contractors are expected to participate in EHS meetings 
as deemed necessary for their role. We conduct ongoing field 
evaluations on contractors to verify implementation of EHS 
programs and to confirm that our contractors are meeting 
Coterra’s safety requirements. 
Coterra’s contractors execute a Master Service Agreement 
(MSA) or similar agreement, which contractually obligates 
them to comply with Coterra’s EHS policies. The MSA also 
requires contractors to immediately report to Coterra all 
details of any near miss, injury, illness, property damage and/
or environmental impact and to fully cooperate in remedial 
activities in order to restore and protect the environment. 
Contractors chosen to work for Coterra are required to 
participate in the ISNetworld contractor verification program. 
This industry-leading safety verification process allows us 
to screen contractors based on their safety performance in 
relation to their peers. Our MSAs with our contractors include 
language requiring contractors to provide their employees with 
appropriate safety equipment and training, as well as to adhere 
to all applicable environmental and safety regulations. As part 
of Coterra’s commitment to providing a safe operation, a select 
group of contractors are selected every year to complete a 
verification and review process administered by ISNetworld. 
This process consists of contractor employee interviews and 
contractor management interviews which are designed to 
identify gaps in the contractor’s EHS program. Based on these 
reviews, ISNetworld develops action items and works with the 
contractor to verify completion of those items.
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY   |  27

Emergency Response Program
Coterra is committed to preparing for and responding 
to emergencies, and this commitment is detailed in our 
emergency response program. We have emergency response 
plans in place for all areas of our operations, based on the 
Incident Command System (ICS), which is a system that is 
utilized by all levels of government as well as many  
private-sector companies. Examples of emergency response 
plans for our operations are our Crisis Management Plan 
(CMP); Preparedness, Prevention and Contingency (PPC) 
Plan; Emergency Response Plan (ERP); and Tactical Response 
Plan (TRP). The primary purpose of these plans is to establish 
a response that is efficient, coordinated and effective, 
while delivering the necessary protection to our people, 
environment, assets and reputation. We conduct training and 
drills on a regular basis to ensure the preparedness of our 
response personnel. Our stakeholders are also able to report 
emergencies directly, and we have protocols set forth to 
communicate with them in the case of an emergency response 
incident. Our emergency response program is led by Coterra’s 
Senior Vice President – Operations and the corporate Crisis 
Management Team (CMT), which provides guidance to our 
regional emergency response teams. Emergency response—
related trainings are provided on our Incident Command 
Module. We actively conduct emergency response drills and 
engage a third party to help improve our emergency response 
planning and drills. All Coterra locations have our emergency 
hotline phone number posted publicly for stakeholder visibility, 
and we have a guide on emergency response protocols that 
we share with external stakeholders, including local first 
responders and officials.  
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY   |  28

Community Relations
(SASB: EM-EP-210a.1,b.1,2)
We are committed to building prosperity and safeguarding 
the neighbors and environment in the communities in which 
we operate. Using input from our employees who live locally 
within our operating areas, other local stakeholders and 
organizations such as the Marcellus Shale Coalition and 
the Permian Strategic Partnership, we prioritize community 
engagement in the following areas: 
• Workforce development
• Educational assistance
• Minimizing operational impact
• Arts and culture
• Access to healthcare
Engaging Communities
Coterra’s goal is to minimize our negative impact and maximize 
our positive impact on the communities in which we operate. 
We look to connect and engage with our neighbors. When we 
enter a new area or change our operations significantly, we 
meet with the community to share a timeline and key attributes 
of our operations and listen to community ideas  
and concerns. 
Coterra maintains good community relations by engaging with 
local communities through education about our operations 
and actively maintaining a dialogue with our stakeholders 
such as first responders, community leaders and local 
elected officials in an effort to continuously seek feedback 
on and improve our performance. We work to identify local 
stakeholders and communities of interest, including local and 
new government officials, and engage organizations such as 
the Chamber of Commerce and arts groups throughout the 
year. Operation-specific responsibility for community relations 
belongs to our Vice President of Government Affairs and 
Director of External Affairs. 
Company contributions are considered on a case-by-case 
basis with an emphasis on organizations whose work has a 
broad impact on the community. In addition, Coterra has a 
charitable match program for employee contributions to  
501(c)(3) organizations.
Community Relations Metrics
METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
SASB-EM-EP-210a.1 (1) Percentage of proved reserves in or near areas of conflict 0% 0% 0%
(2) Percentage of probable reserves in or near areas of conflict 0% 0% 0%
SASB-EM-EP-210b.2 Number of non-technical delays 0 0 0
Duration of non-technical delays (days) 0 0 0
Security, Human Rights and Rights of Indigenous Peoples (SASB: EM-EP-210a.3)
Coterra endeavors to conduct its business in a socially 
responsible and ethical manner consistent with human rights 
principles. We are committed to embedding respect for human 
rights throughout all aspects of our business and within all 
geographies in which we operate. We respect the land rights 
of indigenous people and are committed to protect culturally 
sensitive areas. Our Governance and Social Responsibility 
Committee provides oversight regarding community 
engagement and social responsibility, including alignment with 
our Human Rights Policy, which can be found on our website 
here, www.coterra.com/a-sustainable-future/ .
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
COMMUNITY RELATIONS   |  29

METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
SASB-EM-EP-510a.1
(1) Percentage of proved reserves in countries that have the 
20 lowest rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption 
Perception Index
0% 0% 0%
(2) Percentage of probable reserves in countries that have the 
20 lowest rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption 
Perception Index
0% 0% 0%
Coterra is committed to the highest ethical standards in 
its business through good corporate governance. These 
high standards permeate the Coterra culture as we strive 
to provide transparency to our stakeholders including 
employees, shareholders, business partners, regulators and 
the communities in which we work. Our Board of Directors 
are guided by our Governance Guidelines  and play a vital role 
in the execution and monitoring of corporate governance 
at Coterra. Our Environment, Health & Safety Committee , 
Audit Committee , Governance and Social Responsibility 
Committee  and Compensation Committee  are each made up 
of independent Directors.  
Compliance 
Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  covers all areas 
of professional conduct, including conflicts of interest, 
customer relationships, insider trading, financial disclosure, 
intellectual property, political contributions and confidential 
information, and it requires strict adherence to all laws and 
regulations applicable to the Company’s business. Our Chief 
Executive Officer, General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer 
and Chief Human Resources Officer administer and our Board 
of Directors, Audit Committee, and Governance and Social 
Responsibility Committee oversee compliance with the 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Employees, officers 
and directors receive periodic training on and are required 
to certify that they have read and understand the Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics. 
Whistleblower Hotline 
We have an external whistleblower hotline available 24/7 to 
employees and third parties to report any violations of our 
Code of Business Conduct anonymously, if they choose. 
Reports are logged into our system where they are reviewed 
and processed following our established procedures. Our 
processes include delegating appropriately for internal 
investigations on each report. Reports are investigated and 
tracked until resolved and reported to the Audit Committee of 
our Board of Directors.  
Political Involvement   
We operate in an industry that is heavily regulated and, 
therefore, we are deeply affected by the political and legislative 
process. We strongly believe that Coterra’s long-term value 
to our shareholders is enhanced by a business environment 
that protects and supports the oil and gas industry’s ability to 
responsibly operate to provide important energy resources 
to consumers. Corporate contributions, if any, in furtherance 
of this interest are made only if consistent with our Political 
Contributions and Activities policy within our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics, approved by the Chief Executive Officer 
and reviewed by our Board of Directors’ Governance and Social 
Responsibility Committee. 
Business Ethics and Transparency
(SASB: EM-EP-510a.1,2)
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
BUSINESS ETHICS AND TRANSPARENCY   |  30

Direct Contributions 
From time to time, Coterra supports organizations that 
are active in the public-policy and political-engagement 
processes, as they affect the exploration, production and 
transportation of natural gas and oil, including those organized 
under Section 527 of the Internal Revenue Code. In so doing, 
Coterra adheres to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
and to all U.S. and state laws and regulations that govern 
political engagement for U.S. public companies. In 2021, 
Coterra’s contributions to Section 527 organizations consisted 
of the following: 
SECTION 527 ORGANIZATION CONTRIBUTION
Republican Governors Association $ 60,000
GOPAC $ 25,000
Emerge Pennsylvania $ 500
Total $ 85,500
Indirect Political Spending 
We are also members of business and industry trade groups 
[(organized under Section 501(c)(6) of the Internal Revenue 
Code)] that engage in educational and collaborative initiatives 
regarding issues that affect our industry. Some of these 
associations also engage in lobbying activities that seek to 
promote legislative solutions that are sound and responsible 
and, in our judgment, appropriately advance not only Coterra’s 
business, but the goals and interests of our industry as a whole. 
Coterra occasionally makes contributions to 501(c)(4) 
tax-exempt civic or social-welfare organizations that engage 
in political activity in support of our industry or the business 
community as a whole. Our Chief Executive Officer approves 
Coterra’s participation in, and levels of contributions to, 
all business and trade associations and social welfare 
organizations.
In 2021, the total non-deductible, lobbying-related portion  
of our dues paid to all business and trade associations 
and 501(c)(4) organizations, as reported to us by those 
organizations, was approximately $3,050,000, as  
detailed below:
BUSINESS/TRADE ASSOCIATION OR 
SOCIAL-WELFARE ORGANIZATION TITLE
Appalachian Natural Gas Operators $ 37,58 4
American Exploration and Production Council 
(AXPC)
$ 84,000
American Petroleum Institute (API) $ 2,651,305
Commonwealth Partners Chamber of 
Entrepreneurs
$ 50,000
Independent Petroleum Association of 
America
$ 11, 375
Marcellus Shale Coalition (MSC) $ 2,175
New Mexico Oil & Gas Association (NMOGA) $ 87 ,000
Petroleum Alliance of Oklahoma $ 24,000
Pennsylvania Chamber of Commerce $ 3,850
Shale Energy Alliance $ 15,000
Texas Independent Producers & Royalty 
Owners Association (TIPRO)
$ 300
Texas Oil & Gas Association (TXOGA) $ 80,705
US Oil & GAS Association (USOGA) $ 912
Western Energy Alliance $ 1,800
Total $ 3,050,006
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
BUSINESS ETHICS AND TRANSPARENCY   |  31

At Coterra, we believe every employee 
makes us a stronger company. We strive 
to maintain minimal hierarchy, creating a 
culture where anyone who is inspired and 
offers good ideas can have an impact on 
how we operate our business. 
Our culture is shaped by three important viewpoints:
• People First: We recognize that our employees work hard 
every day and give us the ability to adapt and thrive in a 
challenging and competitive industry.
• Ideas Welcome: We encourage our employees to speak 
up and not be afraid to contribute ideas to help improve 
our company and our performance. We empower our 
employees to have a voice. We strive to eliminate barriers 
that prevent the sharing of ideas at all levels of the 
organization. 
• Team Approach: Cross-functional team collaboration 
ensures we make informed business decisions. 
We believe that employees should come to work in a safe and 
open environment where ideas, excellence and hard work 
lead to rewarding opportunities. Coterra’s core principles are 
established and consistent, however we allow our practices to 
evolve as we learn, grow and succeed. 
Our operational framework rests on these key pillars: 
• Safety: We prioritize the safety of our employees and the 
communities where we operate by emphasizing personal 
responsibility and safety leadership. 
• Integrity: Integrity and open communication are key to good 
decision-making. We honor our commitments and take 
ownership of both our work and our actions.  
• Transparency: We are an open culture with a shared 
mission to create value by generating sustainable returns 
for investors while responsibly providing reliable energy 
solutions to all. 
• Excellence: We are not interested in being average. We 
believe in challenging ourselves to meet a standard of 
excellence in everything we do. 
• Opportunity: We give authority and responsibility to those 
who demonstrate their ability to perform rather than a 
system based on tenure.
Recruitment
During our recruitment process, we define every role and 
skillset according to the current and future needs of our 
business. We utilize university-based hiring and internships 
for technical and future management jobs. We are focused on 
diversity, inclusion and great talent in our recruiting practices 
as we build the Coterra culture. During the expansion of our 
Houston corporate office, we trained hiring managers and 
required our recruiting partners to focus on presenting hiring 
managers with diverse slates of candidates. As a result, our 
post-merger Houston-based hiring has resulted in new team 
members that are 56% female and 52% ethnic minorities. 
As candidates experience our culture through the interview 
process, we have had success in hiring terrific new talent.
Compensation and Benefits
At Coterra, our employees are an integral part of our success. 
We are committed to offering employees a total rewards 
package that includes highly competitive compensation that 
is focused on driving results and performance and industry 
leading health, welfare and retirement benefits. 
Human Capital
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
HUMAN CAPITAL   |  32

Our Benefits Include:
• Alternative work schedules that can include working 
remotely some days, a 9/80 schedule and half-day Fridays
• Education reimbursement, when employees are reimbursed 
for tuition, books and lab fees up to the maximum IRS 
allowable reimbursement
• A scholarship program or educational assistance for 
dependent children of employees
• Medical and prescription insurance, including  
telehealth options
• Vision and dental insurance
• 100% company-paid life and disability insurance and 
company-paid spouse and dependent life insurance with 
lower-cost supplemental insurance buy-up policies for 
employees and spouses
• Employee assistance program
• Health savings accounts with a generous Company 
contribution
• Generous paid leave, including paid parental leave, 
competitive vacation time, flexible time off to care for the 
physical and mental health of the employee or their family, 
Company holidays, plus floating holidays to use as the 
employee chooses and bereavement leave
• 401(k) with Company match and a 100% employer-paid 
retirement contribution
• Matching gifts program
Employee Development
Aligning with our culture, we provide employees with the 
opportunity to advance their careers by elevating skills and 
capabilities consistent with the needs of our Company. 
Coterra is committed to cultivate growth and offers training, 
development programs and engagement events across every 
level of our organization and at every stage of our employees’ 
careers. We encourage our employees to excel in their field and 
offer tuition reimbursement to all employees. We offer formal 
on-site, remote and hands-on field training programs such as 
geoscience and engineering technical programs with external 
partners. We also provide leadership training, including courses 
focused on effective presentations and public speaking, 
leadership development and engagement. We strive to ensure 
that our leadership succession plans are aligned with manager 
assessments, feedback, leadership development programs 
and mentoring.
Employee Engagement
At Coterra, we regularly engage with our employees and 
encourage open dialogue, which is fundamental to our strategy. 
We value open communication. Rather than conducting 
anonymous surveys, we often hold small group meetings 
for employees with senior managers, as well as with the 
CEO at least annually. Employees are given multiple lines of 
communication they can utilize if they have any concerns. We 
utilize our annual salary planning and our annual bonus process 
as two distinct opportunities for leaders and employees 
to engage in thoughtful discussion around individual 
performance, prior year results, development opportunities 
and career goals. In addition to these formal opportunities, our 
employees are encouraged to engage in regular discussions 
with their leaders regarding expectations and performance. 
Retaining our talent is a priority, and employee turnover is 
tracked closely and discussed at least annually with our CEO 
and broader leadership.
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI)
Diversity leads to richer discussions, more innovation, better 
productivity and increased long-term value creation. We are 
committed to attracting a diverse workforce that has strong 
technical competence, is not afraid to contribute innovative 
ideas and works well in a team environment. Our Head of Talent 
Management oversees our DEI efforts and reports to our 
Chief Human Resources Officer. The Governance and Social 
Responsibility Committee of our Board of Directors provides 
ultimate oversight over DEI matters. The Committee reports 
quarterly to the full Board and together they act collectively 
as a Board to review all DEI-related matters. The Board also 
holds periodic discussions on succession planning as part 
of the Compensation Committee, which also incorporates 
DEI. Coterra actively recruits on diverse job boards and 
provides management with qualified candidates from 
different demographic backgrounds to ensure a broad talent 
perspective is considered. All demographic data is regularly 
shared with leadership. Coterra provides  
anti-harassment, anti-discrimination, inclusion and workforce 
management training for all employees as part of the Code 
of Conduct training at time of hire and on an annual basis 
thereafter.
A full copy of our EEO-1 report can be found here:  
www.coterra.com/a-sustainable-future/ .
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
HUMAN CAPITAL   |  33

Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) Index
This report has been informed by Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Below is a reference to each of the 
recommended disclosures:
GOVERNANCE 
Describe the organization’s governance  
around climate-related risks  
and opportunities
a. Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risk. Climate: Page 6
b. Describe management’s role in assessing and managing  
climate-related risks and opportunities. Climate: Page 6
STRATEGY
Disclose the actual and potential impacts  
of climate-related risks and opportunities  
on the organization’s businesses, strategy, 
and financial planning where such 
information is material
a. Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 
organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term. Climate: Page 7
b. Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on 
the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning. Climate: Page 7
c. Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or 
lower scenario.
Climate: Page 9
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Disclose how the organization identifies, 
assesses, and manages  
climate-related risks. 
a. Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and  
assessing climate-related risks. Climate: Page 13
b. Describe the organization’s processes for managing  
climate-related risks. Climate: Page 13
c. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing 
climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall  
risk management.
Climate: Page 13
METRICS AND TARGETS 
Disclose the metrics and targets used to 
assess and manage relevant  
climate-related risks and opportunities 
where such information is material. 
a. Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate risks 
and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk  
management process.
Climate: Page 14
b. Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse 
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks. Climate: Page 14
c. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage  
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance  
against targets.
Climate: Page 21
Appendix
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
APPENDIX   |  34

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Index 
Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector: Oil & Gas – Exploration & Production standard
This report provides Coterra’s performance data informed by SASB's Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector:  
Oil & Gas - Exploration & Production standard. All data represents full-year 2021 information and represents 100% of Coterra’s 
operating assets. Below is a reference to certain recommended standards:
SASB Data Table
METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
SASB-EM-EP-110a.120 Gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons CO 2e) 2,869,327 1,834,657 1,515,275
Percentage methane 33.2% 25.5% 15.7%
Percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations 0% 0% 0%
Gross global Scope 2 emissions 21,22 (metric tons CO 2e) 136,224 96,454
SASB-EM-EP-110a.2 20 Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions (metric tons C O2e) from:  
(1) Flared hydrocarbons 574,378 287,975 145,742
(2) Other combustion 1,399,228 1,125,372 1,124,392
(3) Process emissions 41,801 13,653 12,482
(4) Other vented emissions 802,728 352,236 216,524
(5) Fugitive emissions 51,192 55,421 16,135
SASB-EM-EP-110a.3
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage 
Scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of 
performance against those targets
See Climate – Emissions Reduction 
Initiatives, Page 16
Air Quality
SASB-EM-EP-120a.123 Air emission of the following pollutants:
(1) Metric tons NO X (excluding N 2O) 1,109 839 1,130
(2) Metric tons SO X 2 1 1
(3) Metric tons volatile organic compounds (VOCs) 58 50 60
(4) Metric tons particulate matter (PM 10) 39 32 34
Water Management
SASB-EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total freshwater withdrawn (Thousand cubic meters) 6 ,117 4,169 4,498
Percentage withdrawn in regions of high or extremely high baseline 
water stress 24 0% 0% 0%
20When converting CH4 and N2O to CO2 equivalent to account for Global Warming Potential (GWP), Coterra uses 25 and 298, respectively, per 40 CFR Part 98 
Subpart A 
21Includes office buildings for which Coterra had operational control
22Coterra did not track Scope 2 emissions in 2019
23This data table is limited to Coterra’s Marcellus Business Unit only. Systems are being put into place to be able to capture this data for all areas of operations 
for reporting year 2022
24As defined by the Water Resource Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas Tool, Aqueduct
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
APPENDIX   |  35

METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
(2) Total fresh water consumed (Thousand cubic meters) 5,632 3,731 4,065
SASB-EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water generated (Thousand cubic meters) 32,101 29,943 30,500
Volume of flowback generated (Thousand cubic meters) 1,585 968 1,870
(1) Percentage discharged 0% 0% 0%
(2) Percentage injected 85.2% 89.3% 78.7%
(3) Percentage recycled 14.8% 10.7% 21.3%
Percentage hydrocarbon content in discharged water 0% 0% 0%
SASB-EM-EP-140a.3 25 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public 
disclosure of all fracturing fluid chemicals used 100% 100% 100%
Biodiversity Impacts
SASB-EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies for active sites See Biodiversity Impacts, Page 25
SASB-EM-EP-160a.2 Number of hydrocarbon spills 42 31 17
Aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills (Bbls) 602 481 166
Volume of hydrocarbon spills in the Arctic 0 0 0
Volume of hydrocarbon spills impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 
8–10 0 0 0
Volume of hydrocarbons recovered from spills (Bbls) 339 150 68
Security, Human Rights and Rights of Indigenous Peoples
SASB-EM-EP-210a.1 (1) Percentage of proved reserves in or near areas of conflict 0% 0% 0%
(2) Percentage of probable reserves in or near areas of conflict 0% 0% 0%
SASB-EM-EP-210a.3
Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with 
respect to human rights, indigenous rights and operation in areas of 
conflict
See Security, Human Rights and Rights of 
Indigenous Peoples, Page 29
Community Relations
SASB-EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated 
with community rights and interests See Community Relations, Page 29
SASB-EM-EP-210b.2 Number of non-technical delays 0 0 0
Duration of non-technical delays 0 0 0
Workforce Health and Safety
SASB EM-EP-320a.1 26 (a) Full-time employees:
  (1) Total recordable incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.70 0.69 0.30
  (1a) Lost time incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.46 0.34 0.10
25Coterra discloses the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing fluid through www.fracfocus.org
26Short-service employee metrics are included within our full-time employee metrics
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
APPENDIX   |  36

METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
  (2) Fatality rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.00 0.00 0.00
  (3) Near miss frequency rate (per 200k hours worked) Did Not Track 0.77 0.20
  (4) Average hours of health, safety, and emergency response training Did Not Track 14.32 14.01
SASB EM-EP-320a.1 26 (b) Contract employees:
  (1) Total recordable incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.59 0.37 0.44
  (1a) Lost time incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.10 0.25 0.27
  (2) Fatality rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.00 0.00 0.02
  (3) Near miss frequency rate (per 200k hours worked) Did Not Track 0.98 0.22
(c) Full-time employees + contractor employees:
  (1) Total recordable incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.61 0.42 0.42
  (1a) Lost time incident rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.15 0.27 0.24
  (2) Fatality rate (per 200k hours worked) 0.00 0.00 0.01
  (3) Near miss frequency rate (per 200k hours worked) Did Not Track 0.94 0.22
SASB-EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of 
safety throughout the exploration and production lifestyle See Workforce Health and Safety, Page 26
Reserves Valuation and Capital Expenditures
SASB-EM-EP-420a.4
Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate 
regulation influence the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, 
acquisition, and development of assets
See Climate Strategy, Page 7
Business Ethics and Transparency
SASB-EM-EP-510a.1 (1) Percentage of proved reserves in countries that have the 20 lowest 
rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index 0% 0% 0%
(2) Percentage of probable reserves in countries that have the 20 lowest 
rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index 0% 0% 0%
SASB-EM-EP-510a.2 Discussion of the management system for prevention of corruption and 
bribery throughout the value chain
See Business Ethics and Transparency, 
Page 30
Critical Incident Risk Management
SASB-EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate 
catastrophic and tail-end risks
See Emergency Response Program,  
Page 28
Activity Metrics
SASB-EM-EP-000.A 27 Production of:
(1) Oil 77.9 Mbbl /d
(2) Natural gas 2,927 MMscf/d
26Short-service employee metrics are included within our full-time employee metrics
27Net production volumes to Coterra
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
APPENDIX   |  37

METRIC CODE METRIC 2019 2020 2021
Natural gas liquids 68.3 Mbbl/d
(3) Synthetic oil 0
(4) Synthetic gas 0
SASB-EM-EP-000.B 28 Number of offshore sites 0
SASB-EM-EP-000.C 28 Number of terrestrial sites 1,258
28Gross operated upstream and midstream sites
Disclaimer
This report contains terms, standards and reporting metrics used 
by Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB, together with TCFD, 
the Frameworks). The contents of this report are intended as guidance 
only and may not be comprehensive in scope or coverage, including 
as to such Frameworks. Coterra Energy Inc. (Coterra or Company) 
does not intend to and is not endorsing or adopting phrases, specific 
terms or recommendations from the Frameworks. Non-financial and 
non-GAAP information, such as that included in this report, is subject 
to more potential limitations than financial information, given the 
methods used for calculating or estimating such information. We do 
not make any express or implied representations or warranties and 
shall not assume any liability whatsoever for providing guidance or 
using these Frameworks, or for any errors, mistakes or omissions in 
this report.
Additionally, the concept of materiality used in this report is not 
intended to correspond to the concept of materiality associated 
with the disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC).  Please refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 
10-K and our other filings with the SEC for information about the 
risks and uncertainties to our business and operations and about our 
industry in general. This report also incorporates a greater number of 
estimates and assumptions than many of our required disclosures, 
as well as longer time frames. This means that many of the matters 
discussed in this report are not, or currently cannot be ascertained 
to be, “material” as that term is defined by the U.S. federal securities 
laws. While certain matters discussed in this report may be significant, 
any significance should not be read as necessarily rising to the 
level of materiality used for the purposes of complying with the U.S. 
federal securities laws, even where we use the word “material” or 
“materiality” in this report. Moreover, given the inherent uncertainty 
of the estimates, assumptions and timelines contained in this report, 
we may not be able to anticipate whether or the degree to which we 
will be able to meet our plans, targets or goals in advance. This report 
covers our owned and operated businesses and does not address the 
performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors and partners 
unless otherwise noted. This report does not distinguish between the 
activities and operations of Coterra and those of our subsidiaries.
This report contains certain forward-looking statements within the 
meaning of federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements are 
not statements of historical fact and reflect Coterra’s current views 
about future events. Such forward-looking statements include, but are 
not limited to, statements about returns to shareholders, enhanced 
shareholder value, future financial and operating performance and 
goals and commitment to sustainability and ESG leadership, emissions 
reduction targets and other climate- and environmental-related goals, 
strategies and plans, strategic pursuits and goals, including with 
respect to the publication of Coterra’s sustainability reports and other 
statements that are not historical facts contained in this report. The 
words “expect,” “project,” “estimate,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “intend,” 
“budget,” “forecast,” “opportunity,” “target,” “expectation,” “plan,” 
“scenario,” “predict,” “potential,” “possible,” “may,” “should,” “could,” 
“would,” “will,” “strategy,” “outlook,” “committed,” “strive“ and similar 
expressions are also intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
We can provide no assurance that the forward-looking statements 
contained in this report will occur as projected and actual results 
may differ materially from those projected. Readers should not place 
undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. Moreover, many 
of the assumptions, standards, metrics and measurements used in 
preparing this report continue to evolve and are based on assumptions 
believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation but should not be 
considered guarantees or promises of future performance. Forward-
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
APPENDIX   |  38

looking statements are based on current expectations, estimates 
and assumptions that involve a number of risks and uncertainties that 
could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. 
These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, the risk that 
the combined businesses of Coterra and Cimarex Energy Co. (Cimarex) 
will not be integrated successfully; the risk that the cost savings and 
any other synergies from the merger may not be fully realized or may 
take longer to realize than expected; the volatility in commodity prices 
for crude oil and natural gas; cost increases; supply chain disruptions; 
the effect of future regulatory or legislative actions, including the risk 
of new restrictions with respect to well spacing, hydraulic fracturing, 
natural gas flaring, seismicity, produced water disposal or other oil and 
natural gas development activities; disruption from the Merger making 
it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers, employees or 
suppliers; the diversion of management's time on integration-related 
issues; the potential effects of further developments to the long-term 
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and variants thereof on Coterra’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations; actions by, or 
disputes among or between, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting 
Countries and other producer countries; market factors; market 
prices (including geographic basis differentials) of oil and natural 
gas; impacts of inflation; labor shortages and economic disruption 
(including as a result of the pandemic or geopolitical disruptions such 
as the war in Ukraine); the presence or recoverability of estimated 
reserves; the ability to replace reserves; environmental risks; drilling 
and operating risks; exploration and development risks; competition; 
the ability of management to execute its plans to meet its goals; global 
sociodemographic and economic trends; technological innovations 
(including, but not limited to, the pace of technological developments 
with respect to leak detection); climate-related conditions and weather 
events; our ability to gather and verify data regarding environmental 
impacts; our ability to successfully implement various initiatives 
throughout the organization under expected time frames; the 
compliance of various third parties, including our contractors, with 
our policies and procedures; legal requirements and other unforeseen 
events or conditions; and other risks inherent in Coterra’s businesses. 
In addition, the declaration and payment of any future dividends, 
whether regular base quarterly dividends, variable dividends or 
special dividends, will depend on Coterra’s financial results, cash 
requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant 
by Coterra’s Board. While the list of factors presented here is 
considered representative, no such list should be considered to be 
a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Should 
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should 
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual outcomes may vary 
materially from those indicated. For additional information about other 
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those 
described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Coterra’s 
annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current 
reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the SEC, which are available 
on Coterra’s website at www.coterra.com .
Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions 
of management at the time the statements are made. Except to the 
extent required by applicable law, Coterra does not undertake any 
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, 
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these  
forward-looking statements. 
Coterra cautions that its future oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids 
(NGL) production, revenues and expenses are subject to all of the 
risks and uncertainties normally incident to the exploration for and 
development, production and sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs. These 
risks include, but are not limited to, price volatility, inflation or lack of 
availability of goods and services, environmental risks, drilling risks, 
political changes, changes in laws or regulations, the uncertainty 
inherent in estimating future oil and gas production or reserves and, 
as noted above, other risks identified in our Form 10-K and our other 
filings with the SEC.
COTERRA 2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
APPENDIX   |  39

Coterra Energy Inc.  
Three Memorial City Plaza 
840 Gessner Road 
Suite 1400 
Houston, TX 77024 
coterra.com/a-sustainable-future/  
If you have any questions regarding the Corporate Sustainability 
Report,  please contact us at IR@coterra.com . 
November 2022 | © All trademarks belong to their respective owners. All rights reserved.