ESG Report
The world requires reliable, affordable and sustainable energy, 
and we see this as an opportunity. We are committed to 
advancing the future of energy through innovation, ingenuity 
and unmatched execution.
Valero.com
August 2023

2
Contents
2
 3 A Letter From Our CEO
 4 About Valero 
 6 Environmental, Social 
  And Governance  
  (ESG)  
 8 Valero's Strategy
 10 Low-Carbon  
  Innovation
 14  Efficient Climate 
             Solutions 
 16 GHG Emissions 
  Strategy
 18 Environment
 28 Safety
 39 Community
 50 People
 65 Governance
 76 SASB Report
 78 Notes
 79 Non-GAAP Disclosures
Please visit www.valero.com to learn more about our 
company. The terms “Valero,” “we,” “our” and “us,” when 
used herein, may refer to Valero Energy Corporation 
(NYSE: VLO), to one or more of our consolidated 
subsidiaries, or to all of them taken as a whole. The term 
"DGD," when used in this report, may refer to Diamond 
Green Diesel Holdings LLC, its wholly owned consolidated 
subsidiary, or both of them taken as a whole.
ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT
Policies and Procedures
This document includes statements regarding various policies, values, standards, 
approaches, procedures, processes, systems, programs, initiatives, assessments, 
technologies, practices, and similar measures related to our operations, ESG-related data, 
actions and compliance systems (“Policies and Procedures”). References to Policies and 
Procedures in this document do not represent guarantees or promises about their efficacy or 
continued implementation, or any assurance that such Policies and Procedures will apply in 
every case. Such Policies and Procedures are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, 
some of which are beyond the control of Valero and are difficult to predict, and there may be 
exigent circumstances, factors, or considerations that may cause implementation of other 
measures or exceptions in specific instances. Please see Forward-Looking Statements below 
and the risk factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022.
Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of 
the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), including, but not limited to, statements about our Policies and 
Procedures. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “should,” “strive,” 
“pursue,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “track,” “would,” “continue,” “poised,” “focused,” 
“opportunity,” “scheduled,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “seek,” “could,” “may,” “will,” 
“targeting,” "goal," "aspiration," "plan," or other similar expressions that convey the uncertainty 
of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements in this document include those 
relating to our 2025 and 2035 GHG emissions reduction/displacement targets, our 2050 
ambition regarding GHG emissions reductions/displacements, statements relating to 
Valero’s low-carbon fuels strategy expected timing of completion, cost and performance of 
projects, future market and industry conditions, future operating and financial performance, 
expected timing of future reports, future production and manufacturing ability and size, 
and management of future risks, among other matters. It is important to note that actual 
results could differ materially from those projected in such forward-looking statements 
based on numerous factors, including those outside of Valero’s control, such as legislative 
or political changes or developments, market dynamics, cyberattacks, weather events, 
and other matters affecting Valero’s operations or the demand for Valero’s products. These 
factors also include, but are not limited to, the uncertainties that remain with respect to 
current or contemplated legal, political or regulatory developments that are adverse to or 
restrict refining and marketing operations, or that impose profits, windfall or margin taxes or 
penalties, the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the impact of inflation on margins and costs, economic 
activity levels, and the adverse effects the foregoing may have on Valero’s business plan, 
strategy, operations and financial performance. These statements are often based upon 
various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including 
examination of historical operating trends and market conditions made by the management 
of Valero. Although Valero believes that the assumptions were reasonable when made, 
because assumptions are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, 
which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control, Valero cannot give 
assurance that it will achieve or accomplish its expectations, beliefs or intentions, or that any 
forward-looking statements will ultimately prove to be accurate. When considering these 
forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary 
statements contained in Valero’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, 
including Valero’s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other 
reports available on Valero’s website at www.valero.com. These risks could cause the 
actual results, actions and Policies and Procedures of Valero to differ materially from those 
contained in any forward-looking statement. We do not intend to update these statements 
unless we are required by the securities laws to do so. Results or metrics in this document 
as of any date, or for any period, ending on or prior to the date of this document are not 
necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected as of any date, or for any period, 
ending after the date of this document. Neither the future distribution of this document or the 
information included or referenced herein, nor the continued availability thereof in archive 
form on our website, should be deemed to constitute an update or reaffirmation of these 
figures or statements as of any future date. 
This report and the disclosures herein are not “soliciting material,” are not deemed filed with 
the SEC, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of Valero’s filings under the 
Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this document 
and irrespective of any general incorporation language therein. Furthermore, references to 
our website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only.
This document represents a good faith effort by Valero to address its efforts, initiatives, and 
performance on an array of diverse and broadly defined ESG-related topics of interest to 
certain stakeholders. The inclusion of or reference to any information in this document is not 
an indication that this information or statements related thereto are necessarily material to 
investors or require disclosure in our filings with the SEC.
ESG Report

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   3
A Letter From Our CEO
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  3
Valero remains steadfast in the execution of its strategy, 
pursuing excellence in operations, investing for resilience 
and earnings growth, and honoring our commitment 
to stockholder returns. Our team’s execution across the 
board from safe and reliable operations to marketing, 
finance and administrative support is best-in-class.
Last year, Team Valero continued making economic 
low-carbon investments that leverage Valero’s project 
development and manufacturing expertise. In the fourth 
quarter, we successfully began operations of our new 
renewable diesel plant in Port Arthur, Texas, ahead of 
schedule and under budget. Most recently, we announced 
a $315 million investment in a sustainable aviation fuel 
(SAF) project at the same facility, with expected startup 
in 2025. We have invested more than $5.1 billion to date in 
low-carbon fuels, which have made Valero the world’s largest producer of low-carbon liquid transportation 
fuels.  These fuels offer some of the lowest carbon transportation options, enabling governments, countries 
and companies to reach their goals to lower GHG emissions. 
These projects are supported by our continuous strong financial performance and steady execution of our 
business strategy. Our low-carbon initiatives do not stop there. As you will read later in this report, we are 
advancing the evaluation and/or development of other low-carbon projects such as low-carbon hydrogen, 
renewable propane, carbon sequestration projects and alcohol-to-jet fuel, while also supporting the testing of 
a tailpipe CO2 onboard capture system.
In 2022, we grew earnings through market expansion, margin improvement and operating cost control, with 
rigorous investment evaluation and execution of capital projects. We also continued utilizing a disciplined 
capital allocation framework that prioritizes an investment-grade credit rating while delivering distinctive 
financial results and peer-leading returns to stockholders. 
We continue to treat all our communities fairly and are committed to positively impact their lives with 
charitable investments and the generous contribution of our employees’ time and talents. I am very proud 
to report that in 2022 alone, we generated more than $68 million in charitable giving and our employees 
volunteered more than 100,000 hours, from building homes and donating blood, to mentoring students and 
providing meals for families. Recently, we published the results of an independent third-party environmental 
justice audit, which assessed Valero's commitment to environmental protection, community engagement 
and investment.  
None of our accomplishments would be possible without the commitment of our employees and leadership 
of our board of directors.  We are proud of what we have accomplished and are working hard to advance the 
future of transportation fuels through innovation, ingenuity and disciplined execution. 
Thank you for your trust and support of Valero.   
R. Lane Riggs
Chief Executive Officer and President

4
About Valero
• 15 petroleum refineries in the 
U.S., Canada and the U.K., with 
3.2 million barrels per day (bpd) 
of high-complexity throughput 
capacity. 
• Lowest-cost producer of gasoline, 
diesel, jet fuel and other 
specialty products, including 
petrochemicals and asphalt.
• Executing a viable and Board-
approved path to reduce and 
displace refinery Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
by 100% by 2035.
Our Business
• Renewable diesel plants adjacent 
to the Valero St. Charles and Port 
Arthur Refineries. 
• Developing large-scale SAF 
project, expected in 2025.
• Current annual production 
capacity of 1.2 billion gallons of 
renewable diesel and 50 million 
gallons of renewable naphtha.
• Up to 80% reduction in life cycle 
GHG emissions, compared with 
petroleum diesel.1
• 100% compatible with existing 
engines and infrastructure. 
• 12 ethanol plants with annual 
production capacity of 1.6 billion 
gallons of ethanol and 4.2 million 
tons of distillers grains. 
• High-octane, low-carbon fuel 
offering at least 30% reduction 
in life cycle GHG emissions, 
compared with petroleum 
gasoline.1 
• Developing carbon capture 
and storage (CCS) projects to 
further reduce carbon intensity of 
ethanol.
REFINING
World’s largest independent 
refiner
RENEWABLE DIESEL
World’s 2nd largest renewable  
diesel producer
ETHANOL
World’s 2nd largest  
corn ethanol producer
Guiding Principles
4
Safety
Safety is our 
foundation for 
success.
Environment
We are committed 
stewards of the 
environment.
Community
We will be a good 
neighbor by sharing 
our success with the 
communities where 
we live and work 
through volunteerism, 
charitable giving and 
the economic support 
of being a good 
employer.
Employees
We consider our 
employees a 
competitive advantage 
and our greatest asset. 
We foster a culture 
that supports diversity 
and inclusion, and 
we provide a safe, 
healthy and rewarding 
work environment 
with opportunities for 
growth.
Governance
We view our 
stakeholders as partners 
to whom we seek to 
deliver operational 
excellence, disciplined 
management of capital 
and long-term value on 
a foundation of strong 
governance and ethical 
standards.
We are a Fortune 500 company and a multinational manufacturer and marketer of petroleum-based and low-
carbon liquid transportation fuels and petrochemical products, and we sell our products primarily in the United 
States (U.S.), Canada, the United Kingdom (U.K.), Ireland and Latin America. We manage our operations through our 
Refining, Renewable Diesel and Ethanol segments.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   5
MEXICO CITY
CANADA
UNITED
STATES
BENICIA
WILMINGTON
MCKEE
ARDMORE
THREE 
RIVERS
BILL GREEHEY
(CORPUS CHRISTI 
EAST AND WEST)
TEXAS CITY
HOUSTON
PORT ARTHUR
MERAUX
ST. CHARLES
MEMPHIS
MOUNT 
VERNON
LINDEN
BLOOMINGBURG
SAN ANTONIO
ALBION
AURORA
HARTLEY
WELCOME
ALBERT CITY
FORT DODGE
CHARLES CITY
JEAN GAULIN
(QUEBEC)
MONTREAL
LAKOTA
BLUFFTON
MEXICO
The world requires 
reliable, affordable and 
sustainable energy, 
and we see this as an 
opportunity. We are 
committed to advancing 
the future of energy 
through innovation, 
ingenuity and unmatched 
execution.
Valero's 
Vision
WHOLESALE MARKETING PRESENCE
VALERO ETHANOL PLANTS
VALERO TERMINALS
VALERO REFINERIES
BRANDED WHOLESALE PRESENCE
VALERO OFFICES
PIPELINES
PAYMENT SERVICE CENTER
DIAMOND GREEN DIESEL
SUNRAY WIND
COGENERATION UNITS
PROPOSED CARBON SEQUESTRATION PIPELINE
EXPANDERS
(ELECTRICITY PRODUCED FROM EXHAUST GASES)
LONDONPEMBROKE
UNITED
KINGDOM
IRELAND
PERU LIMA
WHOLESALE MARKETING PRESENCE
VALERO ETHANOL PLANTS
VALERO TERMINALS
VALERO REFINERIES
BRANDED WHOLESALE PRESENCE
VALERO OFFICES
PIPELINES
PAYMENT SERVICE CENTER
DIAMOND GREEN DIESEL
SUNRAY WIND
COGENERATION UNITS
PROPOSED CARBON SEQUESTRATION PIPELINE
EXPANDERS
(ELECTRICITY PRODUCED FROM EXHAUST GASES)

GHG Emissions Strategy: 
• Achieved our short-term 2025 GHG emissions target 
by reducing/displacing more than 63% of global refinery 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2022, three years early.
• On track to achieve 100% global refinery Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions reduction/displacement target by 2035.
• New 2050 ambition to reduce and displace 
companywide GHG emissions for Scopes 1, 2, 3 and 4  
by more than 45 million metric tons CO2e.
Low-Carbon Investments:
• More than $5.1 billion invested to date in our low-carbon 
fuels business.
• World's largest producer of low-carbon liquid 
transportation fuels.
• New large-scale SAF project at our renewable diesel 
plant in Texas, expected in 2025.
• Successfully expanded total renewable diesel production 
capacity to 1.2 billion gallons in 2022. 
• Expect to be the anchor shipper on Navigator's carbon 
sequestration pipeline project. 
• Producing, evaluating and/or advancing new low-
carbon product offerings such as low-carbon hydrogen, 
renewable propane, renewable naphtha, renewable 
arctic diesel and fiber cellulosic ethanol.
ESG Disclosures:
• In the 2022 TCFD Report, which included an independent 
scenario analysis using IEA's Net Zero by 2050 Scenario, 
HSB Solomon Associates LLC (Solomon) concluded that 
Valero's overall refining portfolio would be resilient and its 
strategy is aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement. 
• Scope 3 intensity in kg CO2e per barrel of company 
refining throughput and production/sales of low-carbon 
fuels shows the GHG emissions from the use of our 
collective products are industry-leading lows.
• Responded to CDP's Climate Change Questionnaire.
At Valero, we are committed to consistent and proactive dialogue 
with our stockholders, employees, neighboring communities, business 
partners, governments and other stakeholders.
ESG
Environmental
• Ensuring a best-in-class work environment.
• Best year ever for combined employee and 
contractor safety performance  in 2022. 
• Providing competitive pay and benefits that 
reward innovation, ingenuity and excellence.
• Maintaining 99%-100% pay equity ratios for 
gender and minority status.
• Attracting and retaining the best talent. 
• Enhancing personal and professional 
growth and development opportunities 
to enable all employees to reach their full 
potential.
• Under Board oversight, published the 
Environmental Justice Audit Report  and 
the Racial Equity Assessment , both from 
independent third-party experts. 
• Generated more than $68 million for 
charities.
• Executive compensation design 
modifications included:
 •  Target relative total shareholder return 
(TSR) performance for performance 
shares to be above the median of the 
peer group.
 • Apply a cap on overall performance 
share payouts at 100% of target when 
Valero’s TSR is negative.
 • Enhance Stock Ownership and Retention 
Guidelines by increasing the required 
value of Valero common stock as a 
multiple of salary by 50%.
Social
6
Low-carbon projects are held to a  
minimum after-tax internal rate of return 
(IRR) threshold, just like other projects.

• Linking ESG, Climate Goals and Executive 
Compensation:
 • Energy transition modifier in long-term 
incentive program for performance shares 
was modified to use our 2035 GHG emissions 
reduction/displacement target.
 • ESG Component of Annual Bonus: In addition 
to HSE performance metrics, ESG efforts and 
improvements are also part of the annual  
bonus program.
• Reporting political disclosures , including  
contributions, lobbying and trade associations. 
• Annual climate lobbying report, including 
alignment analysis of indirect lobbying through 
trade associations and Valero's vision of providing 
affordable fuels while reducing GHG emissions.
• Board Diversity: 70% of independent directors 
representing gender or racial/ethnic diversity.
• Cybersecurity and Incident Evaluation: Senior 
management delivers prompt and transparent 
update reports to the Audit Committee on matters 
respecting cybersecurity and IT risks.
• Enhancing mandatory compliance and ethics 
training for all employees on policies included in our 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.                
Governance
• TCFD Report (IEA Net Zero by 2050)
• Environmental Justice Policy Statement
• Environmental Justice Audit Report
• Racial Equity Assessment
• Third-Party Assurance Statements:  copies of 
independent third-party verifications of Scope 
1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 intensity  as well as the 
validation of our 2035 GHG emissions target can 
be found on our website at www.valero.com > 
Investors > ESG > Other Reports. Scope 3 intensity 
and our 2035 GHG emissions target were found to 
be science-based and conform with acceptable 
engineering practices.
• SASB Report 
• CDP Questionnaire
• Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
• Conduct Guidelines for Business Partners
• Human Rights Policy Statement
• Health, Safety and Environmental Policy Statement
• Political Participation and Contributions
• Climate-Lobbying Analysis
• EEO-1 report expected in late 2023.
Other Valero ESG Disclosures/Policies
Visit our website at www.valero.com > Investors > ESG.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  7
Valero Memphis 
Refinery.
Valero St. Charles 
Refinery.

8
Valero’s Strategy
Industry Benchmarking2
1st Quartile
Mechanical 
Availability
Personnel 
Index
Maintenance 
Index
Non-Energy 
Cash Opex
2nd Quartile
3rd Quartile
4th Quartile
$0
Long-Term, Sustainable 
Competitive Advantage4
$2,972
Peer  
Range
($ in millions)
Global energy supply must increase to meet the 
demand created by a growing world population that 
desires access to a higher standard of living. Liquid 
transportation fuels are reliable, affordable and scalable, 
and we believe they will continue to be essential 
products well into the future.
Our strategic actions have enabled us to be a low-cost, 
efficient and reliable supplier of liquid transportation 
fuels to the world. Many of our refineries are located 
in regions with advantaged operating expenses, raw 
material costs and access to skilled labor. Throughout 
Valero’s history, we have proactively managed our 
business portfolio through acquisitions and divestitures 
and have made selective investments to build a portfolio 
of assets that we expect to thrive under most reasonable 
energy demand forecasts, and we intend to continue to 
optimize as conditions warrant.
Operational improvements have led to peer-leading performance in 
refinery efficiency and margin capture
20182008
See page 79 for non-GAAP disclosures. 
Free Cash 
Flow
Average 
2012 - 2022
Our commitment to operational excellence and 
investments in reliability have driven our refining 
portfolio performance in mechanical availability 
and cost efficiency, as benchmarked by Solomon. In 
addition to minimizing environmental impacts and 
enhancing process and personnel safety performance, 
improvements in mechanical availability have enabled 
greater margin capture, lower cash operating expenses 
and peer-leading average free cash flow generation 
since 2012.
Refining Cash Operating Expenses 
Per Barrel of Throughput3
(excludes turnaround and D&A expenses)
$8.50
$2.50
2012 2014 2016 2018 2020
Peer Range
2022

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   9
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Integration of Climate-Related 
Risks and Opportunities in  
Our Businesses and Strategy 
As part of Valero’s annual strategic planning cycle, risks 
to our businesses and operations, including climate-
related, legal, policy and regulatory developments, are 
identified and assessed by the executive management 
team. Climate-related risks may adversely affect our 
business and financial performance. Regulations and 
incentives to encourage innovation and actions to 
mitigate these impacts also present climate-related 
opportunities. The management team takes into 
consideration analysis and scenarios from internal and 
external subject matter experts, levels of certainty and 
time horizons spanning short-, medium- and long-term 
in its assessment and development of strategies for risk 
mitigation and capturing opportunities. 
In addition to the annual cycle, risks and opportunities 
are monitored and reviewed frequently at many levels of 
the company. Reporting directly to the CEO, the Senior 
Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary has 
oversight of Health, Safety and Environmental, Legal, 
ESG, Compliance, Risk Management and Government 
Affairs functions. Further details on our risk management 
and oversight structure are provided in the Governance 
section beginning on page 65. 
Today, Valero is the leader in the 
production of low-carbon liquid 
transportation fuels because of 
strategic actions taken more than 
a decade ago.
Since 2009, we have been deploying capital to grow our 
low-carbon fuels businesses. 
Our ethanol plants are located near abundant raw 
material, have some of the lowest operating costs in the 
industry and have the ability to export to meet world 
demand. Our participation in Navigator's proposed 
large-scale carbon capture and sequestration pipeline 
system in the U.S. Mid-Continent region is expected 
to reduce CO2 emissions from eight of our ethanol 
plants, lowering the carbon intensity (CI) of the ethanol 
product and enabling the generation of 45Q tax credits 
under the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA). 
The reduced carbon intensity improves ethanol value 
in low-carbon markets and could create a pathway for 
producing SAF through an alcohol-to-jet process.
Our two renewable diesel plants are located adjacent 
to our refineries and produce a low-carbon, high-margin 
product that represents an affordable and immediate 
solution to reduce transportation GHG emissions. 
Valero has grown market share as regulations, policies 
and standards issued by state and federal governments 
in the U.S., Canada, EU and the U.K. have targets to 
reduce GHG emissions using low-carbon fuels.
Showing our commitment to responding to the requests 
of certain stakeholders regarding an independent 
assessment of the resilience of our strategy under 
hypothetical oil and biofuel demand scenarios5 in 
low-carbon marketplaces, we have issued three TCFD 
reports under multiple demand scenarios. 
Our first TCFD report, the Review of Climate-related 
Risks and Opportunities, was published in September 
2018. At that time, we engaged Solomon to conduct an 
independent scenario analysis under multiple demand 
scenarios, including the potential transition to a lower-
carbon economy consistent with the International 
Energy Agency's (IEA) 2°C scenario. In the 2021 TCFD 
Report and Scenario Analysis, Solomon examined our 
refining business and reviewed the resilience of our 
strategy under the IEA’s Sustainable Development 
Scenario (SDS), referred to as a well-below 2°C scenario. 
And in the 2022 TCFD Report, Solomon conducted an 
independent scenario analysis based on the assumptions 
developed by the IEA in the Net Zero by 2050 Scenario.
Growth in terms of volume and lower carbon 
intensity fuels offerings have a direct impact on 
global GHG emissions reductions, as these low-
carbon fuels substitute for and displace higher 
carbon-emitting petroleum fuels.
Solomon concluded that our overall refinery 
portfolio would be resilient in the low-carbon 
marketplaces envisioned by the scenarios in 
such reports.

10
We have invested more than $5.1 billion to date in 
our low-carbon businesses, making us the world’s 
largest low-carbon transportation fuels producer. 
Low-carbon liquid fuels offer substantially lower GHG 
emissions, compared to petroleum-based fuels. These 
investments also create shareholder value, since they 
compete with refining projects for growth capital. Low-
carbon projects have been held to our minimum after-
tax IRR.
The following are examples of high-return, low-carbon 
projects we are currently producing, evaluating and/or 
advancing.
Interchangeable with petroleum and 
produced primarily from waste feedstocks, 
such as used cooking oil and animal fats, 
renewable diesel offers up to 80% lower life cycle GHG 
emissions.
In 2022, we successfully started operations at our 
Port Arthur, Texas, renewable diesel plant, which 
increased our total annual production capacity to 1.2 
billion gallons of renewable diesel. Renewable propane, 
a byproduct of the process, is also recovered and can 
be used in the production of low-carbon hydrogen, as 
a petrochemical feedstock 
or as a low-carbon fuel. 
Additionally, we produce 
niche grades, such as arctic 
renewable diesel, for use in 
Arctic climates.
After a decade of 
investments, Valero 
is one of the world's 
largest producers of 
renewable diesel. 
Renewable Diesel
Primarily blended into gasoline, ethanol is a 
low-carbon, high-octane transportation fuel 
that lowers life cycle GHG emissions by at 
least 30%, compared with gasoline, and boosts the 
octane rating of gasoline.
We currently operate  
12 plants, located 
in the U.S. Midwest, 
with a combined 
production capacity of 1.6 billion gallons per year. 
Our plants are dry mill facilities that process corn to 
produce ethanol and co-products, such as dry distillers 
grains (DDGs) and syrup for livestock feed, and inedible 
corn oil. When blended with animal feed, DDG makes for 
a protein-rich meal for livestock.
Valero is the world's 
second-largest corn 
ethanol producer.
Ethanol
Renewable Naphtha: Renewable Gasoline and 
Low-Carbon Plastics
Renewable naphtha production capacity  
was expanded to 50 million gallons per year  
in 2022. 
Renewable naphtha is a gasoline blending component 
that lowers the CI of gasoline.  It can also be used in 
petrochemicals production, resulting in low-carbon 
plastics and other products.
Fiber Cellulosic Ethanol
A second-generation fuel, Valero’s cellulosic 
ethanol uses enzymes to convert waste 
fibers into fuel, further reducing the carbon 
intensity to the high 20s, compared with gasoline's CI 
of approximately 100 gCO2e/MJ and electric vehicles' 
(EV) average CI of approximately 50 (depending upon 
battery components, manufacturing place and the 
electric grid).6 A lower ethanol CI increases its value 
in low-carbon markets. Additionally, when cellulosic 
ethanol and carbon sequestration are combined, the 
low-carbon ethanol product can have a CI in the single 
digits.
Low-Carbon Innovation
Valero renewable 
diesel laboratory.

STRATEGY
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   11
GOVERNANCEPEOPLECOMMUNITYSAFETYENVIRONMENTLOW-CARBON
Low-carbon jet fuels are essential for 
GHG emissions reductions in the aviation 
sector. 
• In early 2023, we announced a $315 million 
investment in a SAF project7 at our renewable 
diesel plant in Texas, which is expected to 
become one of the largest SAF manufacturers 
in the world. With completion expected in 
2025, we will have the capability to upgrade 
approximately 50% of the plant’s current 470 
million gallon annual production capacity of 
renewable diesel to SAF.
• Alcohol-to-jet (ATJ) is another low-carbon 
pathway to produce SAF. With abundant supply 
of ethanol and sequestration of biogenic CO 2 
streams from fermentation, our ethanol plants 
may be uniquely advantaged in the potential 
production of jet fuel from low-carbon ethanol.
Sustainable Aviation Fuel Low-Carbon Hydrogen
Valero is evaluating or developing 
opportunities to participate in the hydrogen 
economy. Together with the operations team, 
our innovation and engineering teams are currently: 
• Developing low-carbon hydrogen from renewable 
propane at two of our refineries.
• Replacing gray hydrogen with low-carbon hydrogen 
at our renewable diesel plants to further decrease 
the CI of our renewable products, including propane, 
naphtha and diesel.
• Using renewable natural gas from municipal solid 
waste to produce low-carbon transportation fuels 
at our Corpus Christi refinery that are then exported 
to Europe. This fuel is valued higher compared to 
petroleum fuels, and the government uses it to meet 
certain GHG emission reduction goals. In 2022, we 
processed nearly 1 trillion BTUs of renewable natural 
gas in the production of these fuels and expect to 
process at least twice that amount in 2023. 
Valero is supporting Southwest 
Research Institute (SwRI) in 
the development of a solid 
filtration membrane to remove 
CO2 from the exhaust tailpipe of 
internal combustion engine vehicles. 
The objective of this revolutionary 
technology is to provide an affordable 
solution that lowers vehicle life cycle 
GHG emissions. In concept, applying 
this technology to cars could result in 
lower carbon emissions, competing 
with other technologies such as 
EVs. Even lower emissions could be 
achieved if the vehicle uses low-
carbon fuels. 
Currently, SwRI is working on a 
prototype in collaboration with an 
auto manufacturer to demonstrate its 
performance capabilities.
For illustrative purposes only. The proposed CO2 onboard 
capture technology could be placed along the exhaust 
flow. Preliminary lab testing indicated it could capture a 
substantial amount of CO2 emissions of the vehicle.
Tailpipe CO2 Onboard Capture System
CO2 Storage
Tank
CO2 
Separation
Membrane Catalytic
Converter
Multistage
CO2 Compressor
Remaining 
Exhaust

12
Carbon capture utilization and storage involves three steps: 
STAND-ALONE CARBON CAPTURE AND STORAGE — 
We are currently evaluating and developing stand-alone 
carbon sequestration projects at our eastern ethanol plants, 
which could sequester about 1 million metric tons of CO 2 
a year. Our ethanol plants represented in the map to the 
right are located near geology believed to be suitable for 
successful CCS projects, making them potentially attractive 
for development.
OHIO
BLUFFTON
LINDEN
MT. VERNON
BLOOMINGBURGINDIANA
LARGE-SCALE CARBON CAPTURE AND 
STORAGE — 
Our participation in Navigator's proposed 
large-scale carbon capture and 
sequestration pipeline system is expected to 
capture and remove nearly 3 million metric 
tons of biogenic CO 2 annually from eight of 
our ethanol plants. Carbon sequestration 
further reduces the CI of ethanol and 
increases its market value. 
SEQUESTRATION 
SITE
PROPOSED 
PIPELINE
VALERO ETHANOL 
PLANT
ILLINOIS
IOWA
NEBRASKA
MINNESOTA
SOUTH 
DAKOTA
WELCOME
LAKOTA
HARTLEY
AURORA
ALBION
ALBERT 
CITY FORT 
DODGE
CHARLES 
CITY
Carbon Capture
Capture: Separation of 
CO2 from other gases 
produced at industrial 
process facilities.
1 Transport:  Separated 
CO2 is dehydrated and 
compressed, then 
transported via pipelines, 
trucks or ships.
2 Storage: CO2 is injected 
into deep underground 
rock formations where 
it can be safely and 
permanently stored.
3
Valero’s experience in CO2 recovery dates back a decade. Since 2013, our refinery in Port Arthur, Texas, has 
been hosting a first-of-its-kind large-scale carbon capture of approximately 1 million metric tons of CO 2 
a year. Carbon dioxide is captured from two hydrogen plants that produce hydrogen from natural gas for 
refinery use. 
Refining Carbon Capture

STRATEGY
 GOVERNANCEPEOPLECOMMUNITYSAFETYENVIRONMENTLOW-CARBON
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   13
How are Valero's GHG Emissions 
Calculated for Low-Carbon Fuels? 
Life cycle GHG emissions analysis 8 is used 
to calculate the total emissions impact of 
low-carbon fuels from cradle to grave, as 
depicted in the graphic to the right. The 
result is expressed as a carbon intensity 
(CI) value per unit of energy. A lower 
CI value indicates lower life cycle GHG 
emissions and higher market value for 
the product.
Are Valero's GHG Emissions of Low-
Carbon Fuels Audited and Certified?
Yes, independent verifications are 
undertaken by regulators worldwide and 
are used in transactional valuations by 
sophisticated buyers of these products. 
For instance, California's certifications 
are based upon ISO 14064-3 and 14065. 
In 2022, more than 45 independent 
verifications were conducted on our low-
carbon fuels production.
FEEDSTOCK 
PRODUCTION AND 
TRANSPORTATION
FUEL PRODUCTION  
AND DISTRIBUTION
USE OF THE  
FINISHED FUEL
AG & FORESTRY  
SECTOR
LOW-CARBON FUEL  
FACILITY
TRANSPORTATION  
FUEL
Energy Inputs 
Chemical Inputs
Process Energy Use 
Material Inputs
Where are Valero's Low-Carbon Fuels Sold?
Governments across the world have issued, or are considering 
issuing, low-carbon fuel regulations, policies and standards to help 
reduce GHG emissions by increasing the percentage of low-carbon 
fuels in the transportation fuel mix. 
These regulations, policies and standards include, but are not limited 
to, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Renewable Fuel 
Standard (RFS), California Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS), Canada’s 
Clean Fuel Regulations (CFR) and the EU’s Renewable Energy Directive 
II (RED II). We believe that our ability to supply these low-carbon fuels 
can play an important role in helping governments achieve their GHG 
emissions reduction targets. See table below for global low-carbon 
fuel regulations.
About Low-Carbon Fuels
Global Low-Carbon Fuel Regulations 9
2030 GHG 
Emissions 
Reduction Target
Net Zero GHG 
Emissions Target
Primary Transportation Fuel Policy 
Mechanism 2030 Transportation Fuels Goal
California 40% Net zero by 2045 Low Carbon Fuel Standard Reduce the carbon intensity of 
transportation fuels by at least 20%
Canada 40 to 45% Net zero by 2050 Clean Fuel Regulations Reduce the carbon intensity of 
transportation fuels by 15%
EU 55% Net zero by 2050 Renewable Energy Directive II Replace 14% of transport fuels  
with renewable energy
UK 68% Net zero by 2050 Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation Replace 19% of transport fuels  
with renewable fuels
Other 
Policies 
in Place
• Oregon’s Clean Fuels Program requires a 20% carbon intensity reduction by 2030 and a 37% reduction by 2035
• Washington State’s Clean Fuel Standard requires a 20% carbon intensity reduction by 2034
• British Columbia and Ontario have existing low-carbon fuels policies
• Norway has a biofuel blending mandate for diesel of 40% by 2030
• Sweden currently has a diesel GHG reduction requirement of 66% by 2030
• Finland aims for 34% of transport fuels to be biofuels by 2030
Potential 
Policies
• New York continues to evaluate a Clean Fuel Standard in order to meet its goal of reducing emissions by 85% by 2050
• Illinois, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Mexico, Nevada and Vermont are considering low-carbon fuel 
programs

14
Is 100% Electrification the Smartest and Fastest Climate 
Transportation Solution?
Critical Minerals and Supply Chain Controlled by Foreign 
Powers10
• It is questionable whether the world has available mineral 
resource supply and adequate investment plans to meet the 
demand necessary for future electric vehicles and renewable 
power generation. 
• Controlled by foreign powers, the supply chains of these 
minerals are also less transparent in terms of human rights, 
environmental regulations and higher GHG emissions.
Charging Infrastructure is Costly 
• The current Administration set aside $7.5 billion to build a network of charging stations. Estimates show that it 
could take $55 billion to meet charging needs (1.2 million public chargers and 28 million private EV chargers 
are needed by 2030).12
• 53% of U.S. adults are not confident that the U.S. will build the charging infrastructure needed to support large 
numbers of EV on the roads. 13
• Charging stations depend on the power grid, and depending on the source of the electricity, electric vehicles 
may not offer lower GHG emissions on a full life cycle basis compared to internal combustion engine vehicles, 
especially if using low-carbon fuels. 16
Affordability Concerns for Hard-Working Families 
• The average retail price for top-selling battery 
electric vehicles in the U.S. is $15,000 more than 
the average retail price for top-selling internal 
combustion engine vehicles. 14 In addition to higher 
costs for electricity, EV buyers should also expect to 
spend up to $2,900 for materials and labor to install a 
Level 2 residential charger.12 
• The IEA's Net Zero by 2050 Scenario anticipates that 
electricity costs will account for 90% of household 
energy bills by 2050 for developed economies. 15
Climate Solutions Should Be Efficient:  
The amount of raw materials in one battery 
electric vehicle could be used to make 6 plug-
in hybrid electric vehicles or 90 hybrid electric 
vehicles. The overall carbon reduction of those 
90 hybrids over their lifetimes is 37 times as 
much as the single battery electric vehicle.111 Battery Electric Vehicle 6 Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicles 90 Hybrid Electric Vehicles
“Rising gas prices are overwhelming, but so 
are rising electricity prices. . .Our community 
members cannot afford $40,000 electric 
vehicles, or pay more than $15,000 to replace 
the batteries in a 'used' electric vehicle.”
- The Two Hundred, civil rights leaders 
committed to closing the wealth gap of hard-
working families and individuals.  
Efficient Climate Solutions
China dominates the entire 
downstream EV battery supply 
chain (including mining, material 
processing, cell components, 
battery cells and EVs).10

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   15
,
Accessible
• Unlike EVs, low-carbon fuels do not require 
high up-front costs to replace current vehicles,  
which have longer vehicle lives. 
No Costly Charging Infrastructure is 
Needed
• Renewable diesel is a drop-in fuel, 100% 
compatible with existing infrastructure and 
diesel engines, from light- to heavy-duty long-haul vehicles. 
• Renewable diesel, ethanol and sustainable aviation fuels are already reducing transportation GHG 
emissions.
Domestic Low-Carbon Fuels are Reducing Emissions RIGHT NOW
We agree with more than 68% of U.S. adults who 
believe we should use a mix of fuels.13 
Instead of mandating future electrification and 
eliminating consumer choice, we should look at 
domestic solutions that are here today and take 
advantage of low-carbon options that use our 
current infrastructure, like our low-carbon liquid 
transportation fuels.
Diesel Engine with Renewable Diesel 
Outperforms Battery Electric Vehicle16
2022 Southwest Research Institute Study
(U.S. heavy-duty long-haul vehicle life cycle emissions)
Battery Electric 
Vehicle
Diesel Engine with 
Renewable Diesel
Embedded Emissions  
(zero miles traveled)
1,600
1,400
1,200
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
500,000 Miles 
Traveled
1,000,000 Miles 
Traveled
60% fewer emissions 
than an EV after 1,000,000 
miles traveled 
Tons CO2
We are working on a 
brighter future than just EVs
At Valero, we are investing in 
the development of alternatives 
to reduce GHG emissions, from 
sustainable aviation fuels to low-
carbon hydrogen and a tailpipe 
CO2 onboard capture system.
Renewable and Ready  
• Valero’s renewable diesel is typically made from 
waste materials, and ethanol plants are located 
near abundant renewable feedstock material. 
• Unlike most EV battery components, our low-
carbon fuels are manufactured close to home in 
jurisdictions with strict environmental, labor and 
governance regulations. 
• Valero has some of the lowest operating costs in the 
industry, and the company has the ability to export 
to help the world meet goals to reduce carbon.
Light-Duty Vehicle Emits Fewer Emissions 
than an Electric Vehicle16
2022 Southwest Research Institute Study
(U.S. light-duty vehicle life cycle emissions)
Battery Electric
Vehicle
Diesel Engine with
Renewable Diesel
(waste oil based)
Embedded 
Emissions
300
250
200
150
100
50
0
Electricity/ 
Fuel Emissions
"Zero emissions"
vehicles are not zero emissions
g CO 2 / mile
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY

16
GHG Emissions Strategy 
17
 
203 5 VLO 
Refinery G HG 
Emiss ions af ter 
Red uctions  & 
Displ acements  
(Scope  
1 & 2)
100% 
Reduction
203 5 G HG 
Emissions 
Displ aced 
by G lobal 
Blend ing of 
and Cred its 
from Low -
Carbon 
Fuels
10.9
Million Met ric 
Tons CO 2e
2035 G HG 
Emissions 
Disp laced 
by VLO 
Ethanol 
Prod uct ion
4.2
11.1
2035 G HG 
Emissions 
Disp laced 
by VLO 
Renewabl e 
Dies el 
Prod uct ion
Abs olut e 
Emiss ions 
Red uct ion 
throug h 
Efficiencies 
(Scope 
1 & 2)
2.4
VLO Refinery  
GHG 
Emiss ions  
in 2011  
(Scop e 
1 & 2 ) 
32.3
203 5 G HG 
Emiss ions 
Red uced 
by Car bon 
Capture 
and Storage
3.7
By 2035, Valero targets to reduce and displace 100% of its global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions  with 
absolute refining GHG emissions reductions, avoided emissions from the production and blending obligations of 
low-carbon fuels, and reduction of GHG emissions from CCS.
2035 Medium-Term Target19
In 2022, three years 
ahead of schedule, we 
achieved our 2025 GHG 
emissions target to 
reduce and displace 63% 
of global refinery Scope 1 
and 2 emissions.18  
2025 Short-Term Target
32.3
Baseline 2022 Actual
Million MT CO 2e
Refinery Scope 1 and 2 Emissions
(Independently verified)
Residual Emissions Total Reductions and Displacements
Baseline 2022
63%
Target
32.3
Million MT CO2eMillion MT CO 2e

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   17
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
By 2050, Valero has an ambition to reduce and displace companywide GHG emissions for Scopes 
1, 2, 3 and 4 by more than 45 million metric tons CO 2e. 
Independent Third-Party Verifications
• Absolute Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions.
• GHG emissions displaced by our own ethanol production and 
renewable diesel production.
• GHG emissions displaced by global blending of and credits from 
low-carbon fuels.
• Scope 3 intensity.
• Validation of the 2035 GHG emissions target. 
• Copies of independent third-party verifications of Scope 1, Scope 
2 and Scope 3 intensity as well as the validation of our 2035 GHG 
emissions target can be found on our website at www.valero.com > 
Investors > ESG > Other Reports. Scope 3 intensity and our 2035 GHG 
emissions target were found to be science-based and conform with 
acceptable engineering practices. 
2022 Scope 3 Intensity
2050 Long-Term Ambition20
Scope 3 Intensity 21
The chart to the right compares 
Valero’s Scope 3 intensity in kg 
CO2e per barrel, which includes 
the GHG emissions from the use of 
all the products we manufacture, 
representing Scope 3, category 11, 
relative to peers' performance. As 
expected from the leader in refining 
efficiency and in the production 
of low-carbon fuels, our Scope 3 
intensity demonstrates industry-
leading lows.
266
250
400kg CO2e/bbl
Peer Range
Since 2009, Valero’s 
production of ethanol 
and renewable 
diesel has generated 
cumulative avoided 
emissions of 
approximately 132 
million metric tons 
CO2e from the use of 
fuels.22

18
We are committed to the responsible use and 
management of natural resources.
At Valero, we understand the importance of protecting 
the natural environment, not just in the future, but 
right now. As such, we are focused on maintaining 
our operations in an environmentally responsible 
manner; investing in low-carbon fuels production 
and renewable energy projects that contribute 
toward reducing companywide GHG emissions; and 
participating in ecological and conservation projects to 
protect biodiversity. We have made multibillion-dollar 
capital investments to improve the environmental 
performance of our refineries and to grow our ethanol 
and renewable diesel businesses, which supply low-
carbon liquid fuels needed to reduce GHG emissions. 
We have set a target to reduce and displace 100% of our 
global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2035, 
but we are not stopping there. By 2050, we have an 
ambition to reduce and displace more than 45 million 
MT CO2e. In addition, we continue to innovate and invest 
in opportunities that support further reductions, such as 
sustainable aviation fuel, carbon capture and storage, 
low-carbon hydrogen and many others. 
Valero's 50-megawatt wind farm 
provides renewable power to the 
adjacent Valero McKee Refinery.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   19
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Achieved 2025 GHG emissions target, three 
years ahead of schedule. 
2022 Environmental Highlights
Environmental Metrics
GLOBAL REFINING 2019 2020 2021 2022
GHG emissions Scope 1
(million MT CO2e) 24.8 23.0 23.7 24.8
GHG emissions Scope 2
(market-based, million MT CO2e) 4.7 4.5 4.9 4.9
NOx (MT) 8,700 7,900 8,400 9,200
SOx (MT) 8,800 7,600 7,600 7,800
PM10 (MT) 2,200 2,200 2,600 2,400
VOCs (MT) 7,700 7,500 7,500 6,600
Fresh water withdrawn (million m3) 164.1 164.6 166.1 182.0*
Oil spill events to land (>1 bbl) 14 21 28 23
Oil spill events to water (>1 bbl) 3 4 0 2
On track to achieve 100% global refining 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reduction/
displacement target by 2035.
Awarded S&P Global’s “2022 Deal of the 
Year - Strategic” for our participation in 
Navigator's large-scale carbon capture 
and sequestration pipeline system.
Independent third-party verification of 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 intensity, as 
well as independent third-party validation of 
the 2035 GHG Emissions Target.
Completed under budget and ahead of 
schedule, our renewable diesel plant in 
Texas, which increased total production 
capacity to 1.2 billion gallons of renewable 
diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable 
naphtha per year.
For more information, see SASB report on page 76. 
*Beginning in 2022, fresh water withdrawn includes volume that was withdrawn and sold. Values in prior years include only freshwater used in Valero's operations.

Environmental Management Systems (EMS) 
Environmental Risk Management: We have 
employees at each of our operating sites dedicated to 
environmental excellence and risk mitigation. Formal 
risk assessments, including hazard identification, risk 
evaluation, analysis and mitigation are documented, 
implemented and maintained at every site. In addition, 
we provide training so employees are skilled and 
competent to perform duties in an environmentally 
responsible manner. Our compliance team monitors 
and communicates changing regulations and 
helps to verify our operations comply with legal 
requirements. We have processes in place to assess 
the implementation and effectiveness of operational 
controls and for tracking and evaluating environmental 
performance. Our record-keeping programs ensure 
documents are identified, managed and maintained, 
as appropriate. Valero’s progress on environmental 
management, including strategic planning, goals 
and objectives, is internally reviewed at least annually. 
We use both internal and third-party audits  in our 
approach to environmental management. These 
audits and verifications are conducted to identify 
the adequacy and effectiveness of environmental 
controls, regulatory compliance and excellence vision. 
Additionally, our Pembroke refinery is ISO 14001 certified.
Valero has well-developed management structures 
central to decision-making and risk management, 
including three robust programs  that help us oversee 
our environmental management. 
Commitment to Excellence Management 
System (CTEMS) - is a proprietary systematic 
approach to planning, executing, checking and acting 
to improve everyday work activities at many of our 
refineries and plants. Within each of the nine elements 
of CTEMS, we have identified multiple expectations 
necessary to achieve our commitment to excellence, 
including: 
• Leadership Accountability  – Leaders at every 
level demonstrate their commitment and personal 
accountability for operational excellence as a core 
value through their active and visible participation 
in CTEMS. Leaders make employees aware of CTEMS 
requirements, actively involve them in the processes 
and share learning across the organization. They are 
expected to review CTEMS performance results on an 
annual basis.
• Protecting People & Environment – We have a formal 
process to identify and ensure that our ongoing 
operations are compliant with all relevant health, 
safety and environmental laws and regulations. 
Identifying and assessing risks and potential 
environmental impacts are also components of this 
process. Additionally, environmental performance 
indicators are established, monitored and reported, 
and programs and processes are in place to drive 
improvement.
• People & Skills Development - Training processes 
are in place to ensure that employees receive 
appropriate training throughout their employment. 
We expect our teams to effectively communicate with 
and listen to each other, fostering an environment 
of collaboration, creative thinking, teamwork and 
open communications. A performance assessment 
and feedback process is in place to regularly deliver 
accurate performance feedback, track progress 
against performance goals, and make specific 
recommendations for addressing performance gaps.
• Operations Reliability & Mechanical Integrity –  
Quality assurance programs, inspections and 
preventive maintenance standards are in place 
to ensure reliability of equipment. Valero’s internal 
risk matrix is used to evaluate all hazards, incident 
investigations, recommendations, process hazards 
analysis results and high-risk activities.
• Technical Excellence & Knowledge Management -  
The Project Development and Execution Process 
(PDEP) is in place to incorporate health, safety, 
environmental, reliability, operability, maintainability 
and loss prevention standard requirements into the 
selection, development and execution of projects. 
An internal incident and significant near-miss 
reporting and investigation process is in place, 
and a companywide tracking system is used to 
ensure timely sharing of information and closure of 
corrective actions.
• Change Management  - A process is in place to 
ensure permanent and temporary changes are in 
accord with the Valero Management of Change 
(MOC) standard.
• Business Competitiveness – Programs are in 
place to improve energy and operating efficiency. 
1
20

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   21
STRATEGY
 LOW-CARBON
Environmental Excellence and Risk Assessment 
(EERA) – elevates the environmental audit and 
compliance functions to an environmental excellence 
vision. Its main goal is to assess the design and 
effectiveness of environmental performance regarding 
specific excellence objectives and to facilitate 
continuous improvement across the company. EERA 
defines more than 100 expectations and involves a  
proprietary five-step process (see below) using due 
diligence on data and field assessments reviewed by 
a combination of external and internal subject matter 
experts. 
• On-Site: Refinery leadership reviews and self-scores 
against EERA expectations. 
• Digital Documentation: Third-party and in-house 
subject matter experts conduct an extensive deep-
dive review of refinery environmental data and 
reports in a due diligence-style process. 
• Technology: Technical field assessment is conducted 
using industry standards and advanced technology 
to evaluate effectiveness in controlling emissions. 
• Inspection: Results from the technology review and 
due diligence process are used by a team of experts 
in a substantive on-site inspection and cultural 
assessment. 
• Implementation: Final gap assessment report is 
produced by experts and leadership team with 
mitigation pathway and scoring improvement 
actions.
3
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   21
GOVERNANCEPEOPLECOMMUNITYSAFETYENVIRONMENT
Fuels Management System (FMS) - provides 
operational safeguards, software, training and 
protocols for uniformity across our refineries, terminals 
and import locations to reinforce our compliance with 
applicable fuels regulations.
Built on the success of FMS, our Low Carbon Assurance 
Program (LCAP) was implemented to further delineate 
and strengthen our internal processes to assure 
compliance. LCAP defines key regulatory requirements, 
management expectations and internal regulatory 
assurances relating to transportation fuels regulated 
by low-carbon fuels programs. Internal and third-
party audits, incident investigation processes, informal 
and formal training programs and consideration of 
market changes are just a few of the expectations laid 
out in our LCAP.  LCAP leadership commits within their 
respective areas to:
• Clearly define the responsibilities and 
accountabilities of leadership and supporting staff 
who are involved with carrying out compliance with 
low-carbon fuels regulations and the LCAP. 
• Provide resources to help our facilities and operations 
fully comply with applicable regulations. 
• Verify that affected employees receive training for 
their specific job roles. 
• Report, investigate and take corrective action 
to minimize, mitigate and prevent recurrence of 
violations of low-carbon fuels regulations. 
• Execute an internal risk assessment and assurance 
program to periodically evaluate compliance with 
low-carbon fuels regulations and the LCAP and take 
any necessary corrective actions.
Competitive benchmarks are used and evaluated, 
and gap closure plans are implemented. A 
procurement process supports safe and reliable 
plant operations. Our annual strategic planning 
drives business competitive improvement.
• External Stakeholder Relationships  - Programs, 
such as Community Advisory Panels, are in 
place to facilitate meaningful dialogue with local 
communities and raise awareness of potential 
community issues.
• Assurance & Review – CTEMS is assessed periodically 
using a disciplined and systematic approach. The 
effectiveness of all policies, programs, processes 
and procedures are reviewed to ensure they are 
appropriate and address the commitment for 
continual improvement.
2

22
Managing Air Emissions
We have air monitoring programs deployed at our 
refineries as required by regulations and/or air permits, 
and we also have advanced monitoring systems that 
go beyond permit compliance to identify and reduce 
air emissions. Real-time ambient air readouts allow 
our refineries to monitor the surrounding communities 
and take early response and mitigation actions even on 
small emissions sources.  As part of our commitment 
to managing air emissions, we have the following air 
monitoring programs:
Valero’s Duvas DV3000, a real-time mobile air 
quality monitoring system, provides instant air 
quality screenings. The vehicle-mounted DV3000 is 
a gas analyzer that uses ultraviolet spectroscopy to 
identify and qualify up to 14 different gases, including 
benzene, SO2 and NOX, at low part-per-billion levels. 
With an analyzer response time as short as one second, 
the DV3000 combines measurements with geographic 
mapping of gas concentrations, and enables rapid 
detection and source location of air emissions during 
monitoring. Currently, 10 Valero refineries have deployed 
the Duvas DV3000 system in neighboring communities 
as part of a community air monitoring program. 
Continuous Emissions Monitoring Systems 
(CEMS) are placed in the outlet stacks of certain 
fired equipment (boilers and heaters) as well as 
process vents like the Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit 
(FCCU). CEMS continuously measure the concentration 
of compounds, such as NO X and SO2, exiting the stack to 
confirm operations are within permitted limits. 
Continuous Flare Monitoring Systems  are 
installed on flares to measure the amount of 
process gases routed to the flare for destruction and 
track operational parameters to confirm the flare is 
operating properly. 
Stack Testing is conducted periodically on 
equipment that does not require continuous 
emissions monitoring to confirm it is operating properly 
and within permitted limits. 
Leak Detection and Repair (LDAR) programs  
ensure all of our operating sites comply with 
the EPA Air Quality regulations for reducing fugitive 
emissions. Inspections are conducted on a routine 
basis. Leaks identified are fixed and re-monitored to 
confirm repairs were effective. 
Routine Optical Gas Imaging (OGI) Inspections 
of storage tanks, wastewater treatment 
operations and other equipment are performed using 
OGI cameras equipped with infrared technology 
capable of detecting VOC leaks that are not visible to 
the naked eye. 
Unit Battery Limits Monitors  placed around the 
perimeter of refinery process units continuously 
measure for target compounds. These stationary air 
monitors serve as an early warning system if elevated 
concentrations are detected. 
Personal H2S Monitors are required to be worn by 
refinery personnel while in and around process 
units, continuously measuring for H 2S and sounding 
an alarm and recording in the event elevated H 2S is 
detected. 
Five-Gas Monitors are routinely used by 
personnel within the refinery for measuring H 2S, 
SO2, CO, oxygen and lower explosive limit (LEL) levels for 
safety purposes and also as early detection to identify 
and correct issues that could impact ambient air 
quality. 
Fenceline Benzene Monitors are located 
around a number of our refineries at designated 
intervals to collect composite samples. Additionally, 
stationary analyzers that detect total VOCs or specific 
compounds, such as benzene, are deployed at certain 
sites in areas at or inside the fenceline to allow for 
advanced notification of elevated concentrations. 
1
2
3
6
7
8
Optical gas 
imaging  
cameras detect 
leaks and reduce 
emissions.
The Duvas DV3000's 
real-time readouts tour 
fenceline communities and 
allow for early response and 
mitigation actions even on 
small emissions sources.
4
5
8
9
10

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   23
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Waste Management
Valero remains focused on reducing the generation of 
wastes across air, water and solid streams. Reducing 
at the source, reusing, recycling and repurposing of 
materials are key components of our waste reduction 
program.
Hazardous Waste –  
In 2022, more than  
17 million pounds of 
catalyst were recycled to 
recover precious metals. 
Valero’s hazardous waste management program 
includes regular waste reviews, risk assessments, 
waste stream prioritization and formal personnel 
training programs. Every operating site follows 
specific expectations on the handling and recycling of 
hazardous wastes as specified in CTEMS. 
97% of all refinery 
hazardous and 
exempted waste was 
recycled in 2022. 
Spill Prevention – Valero is focused on reducing spills 
across our operations to protect our people and the 
environment, always with the goal of zero spills. Our 
commitment to reducing environmental scorecard 
incidents is a top priority and is strengthened by the 
inclusion of this metric in the all-employee bonus. The 
environmental scorecard incidents metric is weighted 
to the intensity of incidents, with greater impact for 
more significant events, including the severity of spills.
Renewable Energy and Efficiency Initiatives 
In 2022, roughly 25% of our total refinery energy 
consumption originated from renewable sources, 
including: 
   Hydropower    More than 99% of the electricity used 
at our Quebec City refinery comes from renewable 
sources – mainly hydropower, with small portions from 
wind, biomass, nuclear and thermal.
   Wind Power    Adjacent to our McKee refinery in the 
Texas Panhandle, our wind farm includes 33 wind 
turbines with 50 megawatts of power generation 
capacity.
   Cogeneration Plants    Our cogeneration plants 
reduce our dependency on local power grids, which 
are often more costly. Cogeneration is a highly efficient 
and reliable way of producing electricity and thermal 
energy or steam, with the steam recycled back into the 
refining process for other uses. Valero has cogeneration 
systems at refineries in Wilmington, Benicia, Port 
Arthur and Pembroke.
   Expanders    At six of our refineries, we have installed 
“expanders” on processing units that generate power 
from exhaust gases. We have the world’s largest 
expander at our Corpus Christi West refinery . In 
all, our expanders are designed with the capacity 
to annually displace more than 600,000 tons of 
carbon dioxide that otherwise would be generated 
by conventional power plants.
   Heat Transfer    Our refineries utilize heat 
integration technology to improve energy 
efficiency and reduce energy-related operating 
expenses. Heat exchangers enable the transfer of 
thermal energy from high temperature process 
streams to lower temperature streams, decreasing 
natural gas or refinery fuel gas needs for heating 
and lowering utilities requirements for cooling.
   Fuel Cells    We are evaluating the use of 
fuel cells at certain facilities. Fuel cells should 
provide reliable power, reduce our dependency 
on the local grid and free up capacity for other 
community energy needs.   
The Valero Houston Refinery was awarded the 
2022 Valero Chairman's Environmental Award 
for having no Environmental Scorecard events 
for three of the last four years.

24
24
Reducing, Reusing, Recycling and Repurposing
For Valero, being the most efficient 
and reliable operator in a highly 
competitive industry means being 
a better environmental performer. 
We look for ways to reduce  
emissions and waste, reusing 
energy and byproducts, recycling 
materials and repurposing wastes.
• Flare-Gas Recovery Systems 
Resulted in More Than 96% 
Flaring-Free Operations: In 
2022, nearly 80% of Valero’s large 
process flares were equipped 
with flare-gas recovery systems. 
These systems reduce flaring 
and air pollution, and recover 
fuel gases, which are used to fire 
heaters and boilers, reducing 
natural gas consumption.
• Sulfur Removal:  Sulfur 
recovered in refining processes 
is used for a variety of beneficial 
purposes, including crop fertilizer, pharmaceuticals, 
detergents and cosmetics. Sulfuric acid is also critical 
for the extraction of nickel, cobalt and rare earth 
minerals from their ores. 
• Marine Vapor Recovery Units: At certain refineries, 
captured vapors generated when loading vessels with 
gasoline and other light products are routed back to 
the refinery for reprocessing.
• Fuel from Oil Waste: Our high-conversion refineries 
are capable of upgrading oil waste into high-value 
fuel and products.
• Wastewater Management: Process water and 
stormwater are managed at our wastewater 
treatment plants. We use bacteria to naturally 
digest oil and treat wastewater streams to clean 
the water before returning it to the ecosystem. As 
part of our environmental management system, we 
have an effluent management policy that complies 
with environmental laws, including managing and 
reducing effluents, monitoring and measurement of 
effluents, incident investigation and corrective actions, 
as well as extensive reporting of effluent issues. 
• Energy Efficiency Initiatives: We prioritize 
improvements in process monitoring and control 
systems to reduce energy consumption, which in turn 
reduces costs and carbon emissions.
• Repurposing of Material Recovered from Tank 
Cleaning: Recovered material is reprocessed in our 
refineries and upgraded to fuels and other products 
or used as fuel at third-party facilities, avoiding landfill 
waste.
• Water Recycling: With innovative approaches, we use 
each gallon of water on average more than 16 times 
prior to evaporation or return to the environment.
• Recycling Exhaust Gases to Reduce Energy 
Consumption: Installed at six of our refineries, 
expanders use exhaust gases to drive turbines, 
converting kinetic energy into electricity and reducing 
demand on local grids.
• Heat Transfer: Heat integration technology is used in 
our refineries to pair high-temperature streams that 
require cooling with lower-temperature streams that 
require heating to facilitate heat transfer and reduce 
energy consumption.
(Million Btu/bbl throughout)
2012 2014 2016 2018 2020 20222013 2015 2017 2019 2021
0.43
0.37
Refinery Energy 
Intensity
As a result of refinery optimization more 
than 10 years ago, Valero's refinery 
energy usage per barrel has declined 
over time with capital investments, 
including flare-gas recovery and other 
energy efficiency projects.
Note: Our current refining portfolio was consolidated in 2011. Energy intensity increased in 2020 
due to demand-related throughput reductions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   25
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Water Management
Water management is a critical component of our 
business, and we continue to work with stakeholders 
to improve our performance, while also reducing 
consumption by: 
• Taking a risk-based approach to water management 
and integrating water strategy and water security 
into our long-term planning and business processes, 
under the supervision of management. 
• Engaging with local governments, industry 
associations, suppliers and regulatory agencies to 
develop innovative solutions in water management 
and conservation in water-stressed areas. 
• Assessing and managing regional water risks 
through updated sustainability assessments. 
• Ensuring compliance with water management laws 
and regulations. 
• Reporting on risks posed by water scarcity on each 
facility, as applicable.
• Protecting existing water resources through sound 
water management policies. 
• Recycling and reusing water to improve efficiency. 
Most of our water consumption takes place in our 
refining operations. Based on the World Resources 
Institute’s (WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct, we 
determined that only two of our 15 refineries are located 
in regions with high baseline water stress. Reduction 
and mitigation initiatives include the evaluation 
of reused municipal wastewater for cooling tower 
purposes and acquisition of secured water rights. Water 
scarcity can be a risk not only to communities but 
also to the refining operations, as water is needed for 
cooling, heating and processing. 
We have taken several steps we believe are necessary 
to secure our operations in conditions of water scarcity. 
• At our Wilmington refinery, we are installing facilities 
to use treated municipal wastewater to supplement 
our cooling tower makeup water. Upon project 
completion, we will save up to 420 million gallons 
of potable water per year, equivalent to roughly the 
annual amount consumed by 3,800 U.S. households. 23
• Our Three Rivers refinery recycles treated 
wastewater for use in irrigation for hay production. 
• Our Corpus Christi refineries  pay into a broad 
industry fund that provides water-supply security 
and supports research and plans for the construction 
of a desalination facility to serve industrial users. 
• Our Welcome ethanol plant was one of the industry’s 
first operators to achieve “zero discharge” of 
wastewater by recovering and recycling process 
water and stormwater. 
• Process water and stormwater are treated as 
necessary before discharging or reusing. Our 
wastewater treatment plants are generally 
comparable to and as effective as those operated by 
most cities.
Water risk management is integrated into our 
operational and long-term planning to mitigate 
and reduce water risks. 
.
High-efficiency 
cooling towers 
are used to cool 
process water  
for reuse.

26
Biodiversity
At Valero, we take numerous measures to protect 
biodiversity and reduce impacts to natural 
environments. We engage in diverse ecological projects 
with local, state and federal regulatory agencies, as 
well as with neighbors and indigenous communities. 
Our commitment to biodiversity serves our goal of 
contributing to a more sustainable future. 
We work together with local and regional organizations 
that provide a variety of environmental services ranging 
from the protection of endangered species, restoration 
of wetlands and reforestation, to rehabilitation of 
former industrial sites and promoting environmental 
awareness through educational training programs. 
As part of our biodiversity best practices, we require a 
robust evaluation of potential biodiversity impacts in 
the planning, approval and implementation phases of 
certain capital projects.
Biodiversity Impact Assessments
We have implemented a formal  three-phase risk-
based approach to identify, assess and manage 
potential biodiversity impacts for certain capital 
projects. 
Pre-Construction/Planning Phase – A dedicated 
team of environmental experts works closely 
with our engineering and commercial departments 
to perform environmental due diligence. As part of 
our consideration of threats to biodiversity, we often 
perform environmental field studies to verify and 
delineate natural resources within proposed project 
areas. For significant greenfield projects where 
alternative locations are considered, the most viable 
locations are surveyed. This data further drives project 
decisions on avoidance of sensitive features and 
habitats and informs site selection. 
The following natural and cultural resource 
considerations are part of the evaluation process: 
• Locations of surface waters and wetlands. 
• Threatened and endangered species habitats. 
• Previously recorded archaeological sites, historic 
structures and areas of tribal interest or significance. 
• Existing developed areas versus undeveloped 
greenfield sites. 
• Public lands, including parks, nature preserves and 
wildlife conservation areas. 
• Federal Emergency Management Agency floodplains. 
• Surface water intakes. 
Permit/Approval Phase – Valero undergoes 
a robust permitting process and collaborates 
with local, state and federal regulatory agencies. 
Additionally, our corporate subject matter experts 
review all impact assessments from the pre-
construction and planning phase. 
For major capital projects, a presentation including 
permitting information, impact avoidance plans, 
identification of endangered species and other 
biodiversity impacts, if applicable, is presented at the 
executive management level. Major capital projects 
must be approved by the Board before advancing to 
the implementation phase. 
Construction/Implementation Phase – For site 
preparation and other related soil-disturbing 
activities, we initiate stormwater management controls 
to reduce impacts to lakes, rivers, streams and other 
surface waters. These controls consist of a variety 
of best management practices integrated into our 
Stormwater Pollution Prevention Plans, which comply 
with federal, state and local stormwater pollution 
control requirements, including planning, temporary 
and permanent sedimentation and erosion control 
measures, stream- and wetland-crossing procedures, 
inspections and general good housekeeping practices.
During major construction and where warranted, we 
also provide training programs on topics such as 
threatened and endangered species awareness and 
identification, stop-work protocols and reporting. 
To protect ecosystems from unintended releases of 
materials, we implement comprehensive pollution 
prevention and incident response programs.
1
2
3

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   27
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCE
STRATEGY LOW-CARBON
2022 Biodiversity and Conservation Initiatives
• Gulf of Mexico Alliance: The 
Valero Port Arthur Refinery 
became a 2022 Gulf Star Partner 
with the Gulf of Mexico Alliance by 
supporting their Ocean Guardian 
School Program in collaboration 
with the National Oceanic and 
Atmospheric Administration. 
This five-year program supports 
a teacher leader at Lincoln 
Middle School in the Port Arthur 
Independent School District to 
execute conservational projects 
with students throughout the 
school year. Projects include 
watershed restoration, recycling, 
school gardens, ocean health 
and more. 
• Aurora Ethanol Plant: An ongoing 
partnership with the Brookings 
County Conservation District 
brought the total trees planted at 
the facility over the past few years 
to more than 7,000.
• BCarbon: Valero is collaborating 
with BCarbon, a nonprofit nature-
based carbon dioxide capture 
and storage registry, to support 
the development of a 1,000-mile 
living shoreline project on the Texas 
Gulf Coast, consisting of oyster 
reef breakwater systems. These 
natural bank barriers help to restore 
shoreline habitat, reduce erosion, 
improve water quality and enhance 
fish and wildlife habitat.
• Pontchartrain Conservancy: The 
Valero St. Charles and Meraux 
refineries continued their 
partnership with the Pontchartrain 
Conservancy by planting more 
than 900 trees in south Louisiana 
wetlands during two employee-
volunteer planting events in 2022. 
Valero donated $1 million to support 
the Pontchartrain Conservancy’s 
Swamp Reforestation project. 
• Biodiversity Action Plan – 
Pembroke, U.K.: Our Pembroke 
refinery implemented a 
Biodiversity Action Plan to 
identify the habitats and 
species present within 
Valero properties to design a 
number of projects aimed at 
improving existing or creating 
new habitats. Past projects 
involved work with  
the Bumblebee Conservation  
Trust to create habitat for the 
rare shrill carder bee. Today, 
Pembroke plans to continue 
its biodiversity initiatives 
through the creation of ponds, 
installation of additional  
nest boxes and meadow seed 
and tree plantings.     
• Iowa Department of Natural 
Resources: The Valero Albert 
City Ethanol Plant is allowing 
the Iowa Department of 
Natural Resources (DNR) 
access to the site’s stormwater 
pond to band goslings. The 
bands will help the DNR to 
track the birds and observe 
their migration and travel 
patterns.
• Wildlife Habitat Council: 
Valero is currently a member 
of the Wildlife Habitat Council, 
a nonprofit dedicated to 
enhancing and restoring 
wildlife habitat by promoting 
investments in sustainability 
efforts. We are working to 
obtain certification for Valero’s 
ecological projects through 
the council.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  27
Nature-Based Carbon 
Capture Programs: 
Wildlife Protection 
Programs: 
Water-Focused 
Programs: 
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCE
The following programs and projects are part of our biodiversity initiatives beyond the company's business 
activities. We prioritize the needs of local nonprofits and other community stakeholders when selecting biodiversity 
projects and value these opportunities to engage with our neighbors.

28
Safety Is Our Foundation for Success 
At Valero, the safety of our employees, contractors 
and communities is of utmost importance. Our robust 
safety initiatives, year-round training programs and 
extensive safety management systems all contribute 
to our goal of safety excellence. In 2022, we spent 
approximately $2.3 billion in capital to grow and 
sustain our operations as part of our commitment to 
safety, reliability, preventive equipment maintenance 
and environmental mitigation. We conduct rigorous 
internal and external safety audits, quality assurance 
visits and comprehensive risk assessments at each 
of our facilities to maintain excellence in our safety 
performance. 
Employee Leadership and Oversight
Employee leadership is 
the single largest factor 
for achieving excellence 
in all we do. Leaders set 
goals and objectives and 
communicate the high 
expectations necessary to 
meet our commitment to 
operational excellence. 
Emergency response 
captains, like the one 
shown here at the 
Valero Three Rivers 
Refinery, typically are 
employee volunteers. 
They maintain strong 
relationships with 
local community 
response teams to be 
prepared for emergency 
situations. 
See page 79 for non-GAAP disclosures.
Leslie Sullivan, Vice 
President and  
General Manager,  
Valero Meraux Refinery.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   29
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Safety Initiatives Implemented  
in 2022
Valero Safety Excellence Program (VSEP)  - 
This tool aligns field audits with our proprietary 
Valero Safety Excellence (VSAFE) assessments to 
help support and drive continuous improvement 
at our facilities. The revised “peer observation tool,” 
within VSEP, builds upon the principles of a traditional 
behavior-based safety program. It emphasizes hazard 
identification and mitigates risk by encouraging 
personalized and meaningful conversations between 
employees and contractors. 
Electronic Energy Isolation List (eEIL)  - 
Protecting personnel from hazardous energy 
during maintenance activities is one of the most 
critical tasks routinely performed at our facilities, and 
tolerance for error is zero. Valero is implementing an 
eEIL system to increase efficiency while ensuring better 
protection of our employees and contractors.
Contractor Selection and Prescreening  
Criteria - We enhanced the contractor 
evaluation and selection prescreening criteria to 
encourage continuous improvement and selection of 
best-in-class contractors. 
2022 Highlights in Safety
The 2022 Contractor TRIR (0.15) 
tied our best year ever, previously 
accomplished in 2020.
1
2
3
Best Year Ever for Combined 
Employee and Contractor Safety 
Performance TRIR (0.22).
Five refineries reduced their 
already low total number of  
Tier 2 Process Safety incidents 
from 2021 to 2022.
Nine refineries reduced the 
total severity score of their Tier 
1 Process Safety incidents from 
2021 to 2022.
Lane Riggs, Chief Executive 
Officer and President, 
at the OSHA Voluntary 
Protection Program 
(VPP) 20th anniversary 
celebration at Valero Texas 
City Refinery.

30
2022 Safety Awards
American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers 
(AFPM) Safety Awards: 
Distinguished Safety Award (DSA) recognizes refineries 
and petrochemical facilities that have sustained an 
exemplary level of safety performance in the domestic 
refining and petrochemical manufacturing industries. 
The award has three levels: Distinguished Safety Award 
(top applicants), Elite Gold Award (top 5 percent of 
applicants) and Elite Silver Award (top 10 percent of 
applicants).
• Two 2022 Elite Gold Awards - Awarded to Valero 
Three Rivers and Memphis Refineries.
• Two 2022 Elite Silver Awards – Awarded to Valero 
McKee Refinery and Wilmington Asphalt Plant. 
• Two 2022 Innovation Awards – Recipients include 
Valero Ardmore and Benicia Refineries. The AFPM 
innovation award recognizes companies that have 
developed and implemented new and innovative 
ways to identify and manage operating risks. Since 
the award's inception in 2020, Valero has received  
six of the 20 total innovation awards given. 
Our participation in the U.S. Department of Labor 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration's 
Valero Chairman’s Awards
(OSHA) Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) exemplifies 
our consistent pursuit of going beyond regulatory 
requirements by voluntarily submitting to robust safety 
certifications and audits. OSHA approves VPP Star Site 
status only if the facility demonstrates that enhanced 
safety systems have been implemented and embraced 
in a collaborative way by leaders and employees. Sites 
are reassessed by OSHA every three to five years in order 
to maintain their VPP status. 
• VPP Star Site Status at Nine Refineries:  Ardmore, 
Corpus Christi (East and West), Houston, McKee, 
Memphis, St. Charles, Texas City and Three Rivers 
refineries.  
• Valero Stars, which are not part of the OSHA VPP 
program but receive a VPP equivalent approval, were 
awarded to our international refineries in Pembroke 
and Quebec.
•  In 2022, Valero supported the  VPP reapproval process 
at five sites: McKee, Corpus Christi (East and West) and  
St. Charles refineries as well as the St. James terminal. 
An initial VPP audit was completed at the renewable 
diesel plant adjacent to the St. Charles refinery and 
two new VPP applications  were submitted for the 
Wilmington refinery and Wilmington asphalt plant.
Valero Three Rivers Refinery
The Valero Chairman's Safety Award is granted to the site with 
the most outstanding personnel and process safety performance. 
Notable achievements by the Three Rivers refinery include the 
highest Valero Safety Assessment for Excellence (VSAFE) score to 
date; VPP Star site for almost 20 years; zero employee or contractor 
injuries with over 1.2 million hours worked; and zero high-potential 
incidents under the Goal Zero program.
Valero Quebec Refinery
The Valero Chairman's Refinery 
Reliability Award is determined 
primarily by the number of downtime 
events, both stewardable and non-
stewardable; and the percentage 
of refinery unit downtime, both 
annualized turnaround downtime and 
downtime outside of turnarounds. 
The Valero Quebec Refinery had no 
stewardable unit outages for three of 
the last four years and was the leader 
in six of the last 10 years. Additionally, 
the site had no non-stewardable 
downtime events in 2022 and the 
lowest number of non-stewardable 
events within the refining system for 
nine of the last 10 years.
Valero Hartley Ethanol Plant
The Chairman's Award for Excellence in Renewables was 
awarded for no employee recordable injuries in over two years; no 
contractor recordable injuries; no Tier 1 process safety events in 
nearly six years; no scorecard reliability events in over nine years; 
and this plant, during a time of low ethanol margins, adjusted 
plans and completed a full turnaround with the final cost being 
more than 40% under budget  — an outstanding achievement.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   31
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCE
STRATEGY
 LOW-CARBON
Goal Zero Safety Program 
Our Goal Zero program is designed to eliminate incidents and injuries in seven focus areas by taking a data-
driven risk based approach.
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY
 COMMUNITY
 PEOPLE
 GOVERNANCE
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   31
Valero’s Safety Assessment for Excellence (VSAFE):  
Elevates the traditional health and safety audit and compliance model to focus on driving health and 
safety excellence. VSAFE assesses the design and effectiveness of safety performance in over 120 
expectations that are key to driving culture and continuous improvement. Using a proprietary process, 
site data and field assessments, subject matter experts work alongside site champions at each 
refinery to perform this assessment every three years. 
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  31
Heavy Equipment/ 
Vehicle Operations
• 360 Walk-Arounds/ 
Circle for Safety.
• Refinery Vehicle 
Management.
• Management/
Incident Accountability 
Meetings.
• Training Qualification 
Verification.
Energy Isolation  
and Control
• Control of Hazardous 
Energy and Materials 
Assessments (CHEM).
• Minimum Set of 
Expectations.
• Equipment Clearing to 
Return to Service.
Contractor Safety 
Management
• Contractor On-Site 
Onboarding.
• Short-Service Employee 
Program.
• Craft Certification 
Verification.
• ISNetworld Scoring 
Criteria Upgrade.
Personnel  
Exposure
• Reducing Health 
Hazards such as: H 2S, 
Chemical Contact,  
Heat Exposure, 
Inhalation Hazards and 
Low Oxygen.
Hand Awareness 
and Safety
• Impact/Cut-Resistant 
Gloves.
• Enhanced Job 
Hazard Analysis 
(JHA), Permitting and 
Assessment Tools.
• Pre-Job Hand Hazard 
Evaluation.
• Assessments and 
Inspection for Hand 
Power Tools.
Slips, Trips 
and Falls
• Focused Worksite 
Assessments.
• Mechanical Integrity 
Inspections (walking-
working surfaces).
• SRLs (Self-Retracting 
Lanyards).
• Area Housekeeping 
Accountability.
Dropped 
Objects
• Maintenance Planning 
for Elevated Work.
• Tool Tethering.
• Barricades/Mesh/
Canopies.
• Lifting Equipment 
Upgrades.
• Enhanced JHA, 
Permitting and 
Assessment Tools.

32
Life-Saving Rules: 
In order to ensure full compliance with our safety 
rules and procedures, Valero implemented 
Life-Saving Rules – seven, long-standing critical 
rules that must be followed at all times. Any 
violation of a Life-Saving Rule will result in the 
most serious levels of discipline. By undergoing 
comprehensive training, realistic field exercises 
and adhering to these critical rules in day-to-
day operations, our employees and contractors 
make Valero a place where we can all feel proud 
and safe coming to work every day.
1
Safety Management Systems
Through the various disciplines within Occupational Safety and Health, we provide one of the most fundamental 
ways of caring for our employees, contractors and neighboring communities. Safety plays an important role in 
many of the major elements of CTEMS. Examples of safety programs and initiatives under CTEMS include, but are 
not limited to, the following:
• Compliance with all 
relevant health, safety, 
and environmental laws 
and regulations.
• Occupational health 
program includes 
industrial hygiene 
monitoring, medical 
surveillance programs, 
fatigue prevention and 
other human factor 
programs.
• Processes to identify, 
communicate 
and safely handle 
chemicals, hazardous 
materials and wastes.
• Ensure all sites prepare 
for and respond to all 
levels of operational 
emergencies.
Protecting People & 
Environment
1
• Operating, 
maintenance, safe 
work and inspection 
programs are in place, 
rigorously followed, 
verified and updated.
• Quality assurance 
programs to 
ensure materials 
meet designated 
specifications.
• Processes to prevent 
repeat failures.
• Employee participation 
programs to maintain 
a positive and open 
safety culture.
Safe, Stable & Reliable 
Operations
• Employees receive 
appropriate training 
throughout their 
employment.
• Processes to review 
and update training 
programs.
People & Skills 
Development
• Incident and significant 
near-miss reporting 
and investigation 
processes to ensure 
timely sharing of 
information and closure 
of corrective actions.
Technical Excellence & 
Knowledge
32
Work with a valid work permit when required.
Verify energy isolation before beginning work.
Obtain authorization before entering a confined space.
Obtain authorization before overriding or bypassing a 
safety system.
Use specified life protection equipment.
Protect yourself against a fall when working at heights.
Smoke in designated smoking areas only.
2
3
4
5
6
7
Valero Three 
Rivers Refinery.
Valero St. Charles 
Refinery.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   33
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Employee Safety Training
Safety training ensures 
that our employees are 
provided the knowledge, 
skills and abilities 
required to execute 
their jobs to the highest 
standard. As stated in our CTEMS expectations, all 
employees receive appropriate training throughout 
their employment. This includes training in emergency 
preparedness, process safety, the seven Life-Saving 
Rules and on all processes and equipment changes 
affecting their job assignments, as well as cybersecurity 
risks. Training programs include computer-based 
sessions, instructor-led courses, frequent safety 
meetings and daily safety talks. We also have internal 
processes in place through which we continue to review 
and update our training programs. 
In 2022, our refinery 
employees completed 
more than 655,000 
hours in safety 
training programs.
Contractor Safety Training
As safety is a top priority, the contractors we hire 
are required to uphold the strong safety culture of 
Valero in their everyday work. In 2022, our contractors 
participated in more than 1.1 million safety training 
hours. In addition, contractors working at Valero 
refineries have been awarded a total of 26 OSHA VPP 
Stars.
All contractors are pre-screened by a third party to 
ensure they meet or exceed Valero’s health and safety 
expectations. Contractors are also trained initially 
and annually through a reciprocal contractor safety 
council focused on site-specific health and safety 
requirements. As a part of our CTEMS expectations, 
we have a program in place to ensure contractor 
Nearly half of our 12 ethanol plants have  
now gone more than two years without  
an employee recordable injury. In 2022,  
the entire ethanol fleet had no contractor 
recordable injuries.
alignment with Valero's safety, health, environmental 
and reliability expectations. This includes:
• Clear accountabilities and requirements for safety 
and contract performance.
• Requirements for contractors to have in place 
controls ensuring procured materials and services 
are verified and qualified as contracted.
Personnel Safety Performance
(Recordable injuries per 200,000 working hours)
 
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 202220122011
0.62
0.22
1.10
0.50
Valero employees 
and contractors
Refining industry24
Total Recordable Incident Rate  
(TRIR)
.

34
Safety Performance Metrics 
(per 200,000 working hours)
Valero Refineries vs. Other Sectors 24
(per 200,000 working hours)
 
GLOBAL REFINING 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Personnel Safety Employee (TRIR) 0.40 0.25 0.35 0.21 0.32
Personnel Safety Contractor (TRIR) 0.32 0.39 0.15   0.2725 0.15
Fatality Rate Employee 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Fatality Rate Contractor 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.01 0.00
Process Safety Event Rate - Tier 126 0.07 0.05  0.06 0.05 0.08
Process Safety Event Rate - Tier 226 0.31 0.17 0.17 0.1625 0.18
Valero Refinery Combined 
Employees and Contractors 0.22
Finance and  
Insurance 0.4
Petroleum  
Refineries 0.5
Electric Power 
Generation 1.5
Manufacturing 3.3
Framing 
Contractors 7.6
Hospitals 6.1

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   35
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Process Safety and Reliability
Our process safety and reliability programs 
proactively contribute to our goal of safety excellence. 
These programs provide safeguards for certifying 
our equipment is correctly designed, regularly 
maintained and safely operated. Valero employs 
an industry-leading technical process safety and 
reliability assessment program to drive first-quartile 
reliability performance and help maintain the safety 
of our employees and communities. We continue 
to evaluate and utilize state-of-the-art process 
control and equipment monitoring technology to 
optimize operations efficiency. Through CTEMS, we 
have mature processes in place to analyze Process 
Process Safety Initiatives Implemented in 2022: 
The Valero Quebec and Wilmington Refineries 
have achieved three straight years with no PSE 
Tier 1 incidents. This is a significant achievement 
and well below the industry average for this 
standardized metric.
Safety Events (PSE). Understanding the reasons for a 
PSE is the first step. We then take necessary actions to 
help prevent repeat failures and address unreliable 
equipment or improve specific program expectations. 
Communication of our investigation findings is key to 
the prevention of similar incidents.  
Shared Learning – To leverage the benefits of 
our enhanced incident investigation process, 
Valero continues to introduce new and innovative ways 
to effectively share incident investigation learnings 
more broadly using various multimedia tools, including 
webcasts and animated videos.
PSE Tier 1 Rate - Three-Year Rolling Average
(per 200,000 working hours)
2013
0.103
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
0.064
0.02
0.04
0.06
0.08
0.10
0.12
Enhanced Incident Investigations – Performing 
quality incident investigations has been a 
priority for many years. This has resulted in a very 
strong process that ensures quality corrective actions 
to prevent a recurrence. In 2022, Valero issued a new 
incident investigation policy that included a suite 
of tools to improve the way we capture information, 
evaluate human factors, engage with subject matter 
experts and the workforce, and share lessons learned 
throughout the Valero system.
1 2
Process Safety Events

36
Mechanical Availability
Our high mechanical availability 
rate is a result of our highly 
reliable refinery operations and 
is underpinned by our CTEMS 
expectations of: 
• Avoiding unplanned downtime.  
• Implementing our structured turnaround  
planning process.
• Minimizing environmental impacts.
• Ensuring efficient use of resources. 
In addition to our capital investments in reliability, our 
comprehensive reliability assessments, proprietary 
management systems and internal strategic planning 
process are essential in the reduction of environmental 
incidents and improving safety. Process Safety and Reliability 
Valero began developing a suite of technical assessments 
over 10 years ago to inform the annual strategic resource 
planning process and assure continuous improvements 
are made in the most impactful areas.  
• MAIN – Inspection and mechanical integrity.
• ESARN – Electrical systems.
• ROTO – Rotating equipment.
• PACE – Process automation and controls effectiveness.
• CYBER – Cybersecurity.
• AOE – Alkylation operations excellence.
• ORA – Operational reliability.
These assessments leverage the expertise of our 
technical subject matter experts who work alongside 
site champions to evaluate the design and effectiveness 
of each site’s specific reliability programs. The results 
identify areas of opportunity, which are prioritized to help 
each site achieve our overall operational excellence goals. 
In 2022, we 
achieved 96.8% 
mechanical 
availability. 
1ST
2ND
3RD
4TH
Improvement in 
Mechanical Availability
Industry Benchmark 
Quartiles
2018
2008
Industry benchmarking and Valero’s performance 
statistics from Solomon Associates and Valero. 
2018 is the most reliable industry data set, as 
the results of Solomon’s Biennial Fuels Study 
were impacted by COVID-19-related demand 
destruction. 2022 Fuels Study results will be 
available later in 2023.
Valero Corpus Christi 
West Refinery.
Drone used in 
inspection programs.
Drones used in our inspection program for routine and 
event-driven surveillance have reduced personnel 
exposure to health and safety risks, improved workforce 
efficiency, enabled the avoidance of lost margin 
opportunity and generated cost savings. Surveillance 
missions include:
• Inspections of equipment at elevations and in 
confined spaces.
• Support for environmental response and operations.
• Damage assessments and emergency response.
• Mapping of piping circuits.
All drone pilots require a Federal Aviation Administration 
(FAA) remote pilot license (14 CFR Part 107) and training.
Valero McKee Refinery  
control room.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   37
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Enhancing Physical Resilience
In the last 10 years, Valero has invested more than  
$14 billion of capital to sustain its operations,  including 
turnarounds, catalysts, investments in safety, preventive 
equipment maintenance, environmental mitigation, 
and reliability and regulatory compliance. Sustaining 
capital is used to keep our facilities performing and to 
mitigate and reduce physical risks to our operations 
and our people, including:
• New infrastructure at raised elevations to reduce the 
effects of flooding.
• Upgraded critical buildings, including control rooms 
and employee shelters resilient to physical risks.
• Refineries designed to withstand hurricane forces, 
with safe shutdowns and non-essential personnel 
evacuations initiated in advance of major hurricanes.
Hurricane Preparedness
Valero’s U.S. Gulf Coast facilities are periodically 
exposed to hurricanes and other severe weather 
events, including strong winds, storm surges and 
flooding. While our refineries are engineered to 
withstand these weather impacts, our management 
and refinery leadership teams use a sophisticated 
hurricane-specific preparedness program to protect 
our people and assets. This includes pre-hurricane 
season activities, as well as a five-phase process to 
monitor evolving conditions as the storm approaches, 
allowing for adequate time and resources for our 
employees and facilities to safely prepare.
At the start of hurricane season with facility 
plans reviewed and updated, verify supplies and begin 
daily monitoring. 
Assess predicted storm path and potential 
for impact. 
Determine site(s) that are likely to be 
significantly impacted, and activate the Corporate 
Emergency Operations Center, operating plan and 
contingencies, call center and equipment and service 
providers. 
Execute shutdown, ride-out and/or 
evacuation plans.
Initiate post-hurricane response, including 
the assessment of impacts on employees, the 
environment, surrounding communities and plant 
operations and implementation of plans for recovery, 
support and safe startup of operations.
PHASE 1
PHASE 2
PHASE 3
PHASE 4
PHASE 5
Managing Physical Risks
With refineries 
along coastlines 
and ethanol plants in the U.S. Midwest, Valero has 
long evaluated and prepared for physical risks to its 
facilities from natural disasters and weather events, 
including hurricanes, tornadoes and other threats. Our 
emergency preparedness and response programs are 
focused on the mitigation of these risks. 
Valero Meraux Refinery has spent more than 
$156,000 over the last 10 years sponsoring 
training for the St. Bernard Parish Fire 
Department. Supporting local first responders 
helps to mitigate potential risks to people, 
assets, surrounding communities and the 
environment.
Valero Ardmore 
Refinery.
Valero St. Charles 
Refinery.

38
Emergency Management  
Planning 
Our emergency management planning includes: 
• Emergency response plans at each facility that 
comply with all local, state and federal regulations 
and are regularly updated with third-party 
assessments to ensure excellence.
• Certifying equipment and facilities are maintained 
in fully functional condition and are readily available 
along with trained personnel when needed for 
emergency response. 
• Ensuring qualified emergency response teams 
with strong relationships with third-party response 
personnel are present on-site. 
• Performing regular drills and assessments to 
promote response readiness and alignment with our 
Goal Zero program. 
• Allocating critical capital resources to emergency 
planning and response in the strategic planning 
and capital budget processes to make our facilities 
efficient and resilient. 
• Employing the use of emerging technologies to 
optimize decision-making and response execution. 
Valero’s Emergency Response  
Team (ERT)  
Training plays an important part in developing and 
maintaining the skills required to respond effectively to 
emergency situations. Valero is committed to providing 
each member of the Emergency Response Team the 
opportunity to attend training necessary for developing 
and maintaining the skills and knowledge required 
to be an ERT member. During training, ERT members 
prepare for a variety of scenarios, expand their skills, 
share information from experience and mentor new 
members. At each site, the ERT maintains strong 
relationships with local community response personnel 
by participating 
in joint drills and 
assessments. 
Frequent ERT 
training exercises 
promote excellent 
response 
readiness. 
Ninety-three ERT members from 11 Valero 
refineries participated in the Corporate 
Rescue School in Salt Lake City. ERT 
members were immersed in a week-long 
program that included training on new 
techniques with equipment designed to 
make performing rescues more efficient 
during challenging scenarios. 
Supporting Our Local  
First Responders 
In 2022, Valero contributed new breathing apparatuses 
to the Three Rivers Volunteer Fire Department (TRVFD). 
“This means the world to us. This year has been 
rough due to the dry winter and spring months. Our 
maintenance and upkeep costs are triple what they 
have been in previous years.” 
- Chief Henry Pullin, Three Rivers Volunteer Fire 
Department
38

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   39
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
We will be a good neighbor by sharing our success 
with the communities where we live and work through 
volunteerism, charitable giving and the economic 
support of being a good employer.
Valero has a long-standing history of engaging with 
fenceline communities. We look for opportunities to 
collaborate with neighbors, local officials, regulators 
and community leaders to build stronger communities. 
We work diligently to engage with stakeholders at all 
levels to understand local interests and needs, and 
address social, environmental and economic matters 
through meaningful involvement.
In 2022, a third-party Environmental Justice 
Audit27 concluded that Valero’s commitment 
to environmental protection, community 
engagement and involvement, and community 
investment goes beyond compliance and aligns 
with the pillars of environmental justice. 
Valero volunteers restore a mural at the Girl 
Scouts of Southwest Texas Westside Leadership 
Center in San Antonio during the annual United 
Way Day of Caring event. Volunteers included  
Valero Executive Chairman Joe Gorder and his 
wife Lacie Gorder, and retired Marine Corps Maj. 
Gen. and CEO of Girl Scouts of  
Southwest Texas, Angie Salinas.

Protecting and Building Strong Communities
Public awareness and interest in environmental justice 
(EJ) has grown along with the current administration's 
prioritization of EJ in policymaking. The U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) defines EJ as the fair treatment 
and meaningful involvement of all people regardless 
of race, color, national origin or income, with respect to 
the development, implementation and enforcement of 
environmental laws, regulations and policies.  Recently, 
EPA released guidance and principles to include EJ 
factors in air permitting applications. 
In 2009, Valero formally adopted an Environmental 
Justice Policy Statement, becoming the first major 
energy company to do so. Our efforts to collaborate with 
stakeholders and assist in addressing social, economic 
and environmental concerns are part of being a good 
neighbor. We partner with and support organizations 
working to improve healthcare access, food security, 
affordable housing and other basic needs, and 
education and workforce development, all of which are 
priorities for our communities. 
To further its EJ commitment and under Board oversight,  
Valero recently engaged an independent third-party, 
Montrose Environmental, to conduct an audit of Valero’s 
EJ programs, environmental impacts, and community 
investments and engagements.  
"At the refinery level, there are significant  
actions [Valero has] taken to address 
environmental and health concerns and to 
contribute to improving the quality of life of 
underserved communities.” 
– Montrose Environmental, the third-party 
environmental consultants that conducted 
Valero's Environmental Justice Audit.
Valero’s Environmental Justice Policy Statement (adopted in 2009)
Valero strives to operate as a good neighbor and looks for opportunities to work with local officials and directly 
with fence-line neighbors to improve the quality of life for its neighbors and communities. 
Valero aims to treat its fence-line neighbors fairly, regardless of race, color, national origin, culture or income.  
We work to ensure our neighbors have an opportunity to understand our proposed activities and to provide 
them with meaningful opportunity to have their concerns heard, with the goal of providing them with greater 
comfort of our operations. 
40
2022 Community Highlights
In 2022, Valero and the Valero 
Energy Foundation generated 
more than $68 million for charities 
through employee and company 
donations, corporate philanthropy, 
fundraising and volunteerism. 
$68 MILLION+ Total generated for 
charities, including:
$4 MILLION Global employee giving 
and employee volunteerism
$24 MILLION Corporate investments 
in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Mexico 
and Peru
$17 MILLION Support for United Way 
agencies (U.S., Mexico and Peru)
$23 MILLION Valero Energy 
Foundation investments  
(Including net proceeds from major 
fundraising events such as Valero Texas 
Open & Benefit for Children)
117,500+ Volunteer hours globally

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   41
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
To understand local interests and 
priorities, we proactively engage  
with all stakeholders, including: 
Neighbors
We work to ensure our neighbors 
understand our proposed 
activities, and we strive to provide 
them with opportunities to have 
their concerns heard. Outreach 
efforts are designed around 
our communities' needs and 
preferences and may include 
a combination of hotlines, 
newsletters, direct mailings, 
electronic notifications, websites 
and participation in community 
advisory councils (CACs) or 
community advisory panels 
(CAPs). 
Regulatory Agencies and Government 
Officials
Federal, state and local regulatory agencies provide 
environmental stewardship through the development 
and enforcement of regulations. Engagements 
with regulators are mutually beneficial, serving as 
opportunities for Valero to provide business and 
operations updates and for agencies to discuss 
regulatory matters. We also work closely with 
government officials to ensure alignment of our 
business with public policies. Both regulators and 
government officials are invited to our refineries and 
plants as part of our proactive engagement efforts. 
Connecting With Stakeholders
Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) 
We regularly meet with representatives from NGOs in 
local communities to answer their questions, as well 
as look for ways we can partner on projects for the 
betterment of the community.  
Indigenous Tribes 
We worked with indigenous tribes to preserve sites with 
biodiverse, historical, cultural and spiritual significance. 
For instance, during the construction of the Diamond 
Pipeline in Oklahoma and Arkansas, 23 indigenous 
communities were contacted to participate in the 
permitting process. After a consultation process, more 
than 200 locations were identified as requiring tribal 
and archaeological surveying along the 440-mile route. 
Industry and Business Partners 
We collaborate with industry and business partners 
to promote mutual success by embracing the highest 
standards of responsible operations, including ethical 
business practices, compliance with all laws and 
regulations, health, safety, environment, human rights, 
labor and governance. 
Comprised of fenceline residents and 
businesses, nonprofit organizations and 
government representatives, CACs/CAPs have 
traditionally been a primary mechanism for 
Valero to engage with local communities. We 
work closely with the members of our CACs/
CAPs, meeting regularly, and sometimes 
partnering on volunteer activities.  
In Wilmington, California,  the CAP and Valero 
Volunteers worked together to paint murals 
and refresh the campus of a nearby high 
school that is dedicated to educating students 
who have dropped out or are struggling to 
graduate.

42
More than 600 random surveys of community members 
and multiple interviews with stakeholders conducted 
as part of the independent Environmental Justice Audit 
Report revealed that our neighbors held positive views 
of Valero. 
Community Surveys: a favorable impression of 
Valero
In October 2022, Valero engaged a third-party 
polling company to conduct  more than 600 random 
surveys in certain Valero neighboring communities. 
An overwhelming majority of residents surveyed 
recognized the importance of oil and gas companies 
to the local economy, and a majority of residents 
had a favorable impression of Valero as a company. 
Additionally, a majority of residents did not believe that 
environmental racism was an issue in their community.  
However, a majority of respondents were at least 
somewhat concerned about environmental issues in 
their local area. This contrast suggests that while race-
related EJ concerns are limited, a general concern over 
the level of pollutants in air and water exists. 
Community Interviews: positive feedback from 
organizations advancing EJ concerns to regulators, 
local officials and nonprofits
Montrose Environmental conducted in-depth interviews 
with stakeholders, including regulators, local officials, 
community organizers and nonprofit representatives, to 
collect their feedback. The following are some of their 
comments: 
“When we look at our world, there’s so much going on ...  
I feel like they [Valero] are working in all areas to be 
sure that this city, this area, is safe for its citizens.”  
– Carolyn Bibbs, President & CEO, Creative Life, Memphis, 
Tennessee
“I constantly see Valero stepping up ... Valero won for 
Industry Partner of the Year because of all the work they 
do in the community.”  
- Sharon Bailey Murphy, Executive Director of the Coastal 
Bend Air Quality Partnership, member of the Corpus 
Christi Community Advisory Council
“We were hit pretty hard by Hurricane Ida, and Valero 
was one of those companies that really stood up and 
supported so many needy families and parts of our 
community that were devastated. If you consider that 
57% are economically disadvantaged here, you can 
imagine we have some pretty, pretty poor areas.”  
– Dr. Ken Oertling, Superintendent, St. Charles Parish 
Public Schools, St. Charles Parish, Louisiana
“The plant manager has come to my place many times. 
He said he has an open-door policy when it comes to 
communication, and that's something that's new. But 
that's something I think all industry should practice ... 
connecting with the community where you're doing 
business.”  
- Hilton Kelley, Founder & Director, Port Arthur 
Community In-Power & Development
Feedback from Our Neighbors
At our Houston 
refinery, local families 
and neighbors join Valero 
employees during the 
annual Back to School Bash.

STRATEGY
 GOVERNANCEPEOPLECOMMUNITYSAFETYENVIRONMENTLOW-CARBON
The Impact of Our Investments28
Over the last decade, Valero has partnered with numerous healthcare providers to help build new hospitals and 
clinics, expand healthcare services and ensure medical personnel have necessary equipment. The following are 
some examples of recent efforts:
Healthcare
Protecting Children  – Valero has supported children’s advocacy centers 
around the country to help ensure abused and neglected children have 
access to counseling, forensic interviews and family advocacy:
1
San Antonio, Texas – Valero 
has committed more than 
$17 million to support various 
healthcare causes in the city, 
including The University of Texas 
Health Science Center at San 
Antonio's construction of the 
new Multispecialty & Research 
Hospital and the Glenn Biggs 
Institute for Alzheimer’s and 
Neurodegenerative Diseases; 
University Health Foundation’s 
campaign for an Exceptional 
Future for Women and Children to 
raise funds for the construction of 
the region’s first and only Women’s 
and Children’s Hospital; and 
Friends of CHRISTUS Santa Rosa’s 
Mobile Mammography Unit. For the 
Children’s Hospital of San Antonio, 
Valero supported the Labor & 
Delivery Unit for Women’s Services 
and the Pediatric Hematology and 
Oncology Center, and purchased 
the first Mobile PET-CT Imaging Unit 
in the San Antonio area. 
Houston, Texas – Valero has 
donated more than $1.3 million to 
CHRISTUS St. Mary’s Clinic, which 
provides healthcare and mental 
health services to uninsured 
and underserved patients. 
Approximately 20% of its more 
than 6,200 patients  live in the 
neighboring communities of our 
Houston refinery.  
Corpus Christi, Texas – Valero contributed $1.6 million to Driscoll Children’s 
Hospital to improve access to healthcare for 140,000 patients.
St. Charles & Meraux, Louisiana – 
Valero provided nearly $600,000 to 
Ochsner Health to support a variety 
of healthcare programs, including 
those to address social and 
emotional needs of teenagers; a 
new Ear, Nose and Throat Center for 
pediatric patients; and additional 
medical equipment to better serve 
the communities.
Port Arthur, Texas – Valero 
provided more than $210,000 
to the Julie Rogers Gift of Life 
Program, which provides free 
cancer screenings for more than 
33,000 women annually.  
Port Arthur, Texas –  
Garth House, Mickey Mehaffy 
Children’s Advocacy Program,  
900 children served annually .
Memphis, Tennessee –  
Memphis Child Advocacy Center,  
280 children served annually .
Corpus Christi, Texas –  
Nueces County Children’s 
Advocacy Center, 1,800 children 
served annually.
Ardmore, Oklahoma –  
Sara’s Project, serves 1,000 children 
annually.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   43
TOTAL FUNDS DONATED IN 2022:  $11.0 MILLION
Supporting Uvalde, Texas – Valero contributed more  
than $500,000 to Family Service, Children’s Bereavement 
Center and The Ecumenical Center, three San Antonio-
based organizations providing grief counseling, funeral 
expenses and other social services to affected Uvalde 
families, both short-term and long-term. Additionally, Valero 
provided fuel cards and food boxes to Uvalde residents.

For the past 10 years, Valero has partnered with a number of agencies in its communities to provide educational 
opportunities for children and adults. The following are some examples of recent efforts: 
After-School Programs:
• Benicia, California  – Valero has partnered with the Vacaville 
Neighborhood Boys & Girls Club to support 450 children annually  in 
leadership, summer and after-school programs.
• Houston, Texas – Valero has partnered with Community Family 
Centers (CFC) and provided more than $850,000 over the past six 
years for after-school and summer programs for 400 children. 
• Memphis, Tennessee – Valero has been a long-standing supporter of 
Knowledge Quest. Located about four miles from the Valero Memphis 
Refinery, the agency offers a variety of support programs, including 
the Extended Learning Academy, which provides free after-school care 
to nearly 300 economically disadvantaged children . 
Memphis, Tennessee – In 2022, engineering, biology and chemistry 
students, as well as faculty members from five historically Black colleges 
and universities, were invited to participate in a STEM day at the Valero 
Memphis Refinery. 
Before attending the 
Southern Heritage 
Classic football game, 
students toured the 
refinery, learned about 
the refining industry 
and received career 
coaching.
Texas City, Texas – Valero provided  
$50,000 to the Santa Fe, Texas, 
Education Foundation to create 
a mobile STEM innovation lab for 
students. 
Corpus Christi, Texas – As a 
founding supporter of the Craft 
Training Center, Valero has provided 
more than $1.8 million to help 
students learn craft skills, such as 
welding. 
Wilmington, California  – Valero 
has participated as a sponsor of 
Educating Students Together (EST) 
College Access Program, which 
empowers more than 350 students 
in the foster care system and from 
economically disadvantaged 
backgrounds to pursue college. 
44
Education and Workforce Development 2
TOTAL FUNDS DONATED IN 2022: $14.3 MILLION
             Port Arthur, Texas – Teachers from 
          the Port Arthur Independent School 
District and other local schools worked 
alongside Valero's refinery operators, 
engineers and maintenance crew for one 
week as part of the Workforce Solutions 
Southeast Texas Summer Externship 
Program.

Over the last decade, Valero has supported programs that provide nourishing meals and address hunger. The 
following are some examples of recent efforts:
Port Arthur, Texas – Valero has 
partnered with the Southeast 
Texas Food Bank to ensure 
100,000 clients annually, 
including 35,000 children, do not 
go to bed hungry. 
Memphis, Tennessee – Valero has supported Feed The Needy, a pantry 
that serves roughly 50,000 clients annually.  
“Many of our neighbors are living paycheck to paycheck. The pandemic 
caused more people to find themselves in need. We are truly grateful for 
Valero.” 
- Ruth Rawlings-Banks , Chairman & CEO, Feed The Needy
St. Charles, Louisiana  – Valero 
has invested more than $500,000 
to the Second Harvest Food Bank, 
which has worked to increase 
food security in South Louisiana. 
Houston, Texas – Valero has 
invested more than $900,000 in 
Target Hunger and Kids Meals to 
expand food aid for school-aged 
children. 
Wilmington, California – Valero 
has partnered with Food Finders’ 
Food 4 Kids Program to provide  
770 children annually  in Long 
Beach with a bag of food to take 
home.
San Antonio, Texas – Valero and 
its employees have contributed 
more than 5.6 million pounds  of 
food and more than $5 million to 
the San Antonio Food Bank.
Québec City, Canada – Valero has partnered with Moisson Québec, the 
largest food assistance organization in the Québec City area, to help feed 
850 families in need every month by providing 67,500 meals. 
Corpus Christi, Texas – Valero has 
provided more than $1.7 million to 
the Coastal Bend Food Bank to help 
ensure 97,000 individuals annually 
have access to food.
Dumas, Texas – The Valero McKee Refinery has supported Snack Pak 4  
Kids with volunteers and more than  $235,000 to ensure students have 
meals on the weekends, during school holidays and over summer break.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   45
Food Security3
TOTAL FUNDS DONATED IN 2022: $3.3 MILLION
STRATEGY
 GOVERNANCEPEOPLECOMMUNITYSAFETYENVIRONMENTLOW-CARBON

Having a shelter helps families build strong social, economic and cultural ties with their community. Valero 
partners with several agencies that work to give neighbors a place to call home. The following are some examples 
of recent efforts:
Valero supports organizations that celebrate diversity and inclusion, including:
Houston, Texas – In 2022, the 
Houston refinery partnered 
with Rebuilding Together to help 
repair a home in the Manchester 
neighborhood, across the street 
from the refinery.
        Port Arthur, Texas – In 2022, 
Valero donated $30,000 to 
Sleep in Heavenly Peace, which 
helped to provide more than 
100 bed frames, mattresses and 
bedding for children in Port Arthur. 
The organization builds beds for 
about 1,000 children every year. 
San Antonio, 
Texas – Valero has 
supported Habitat 
for Humanity since 
2007. In 2022, Valero 
volunteers put the 
finishing touches 
on our 15th home 
for a family in San 
Antonio, embodying 
the true meaning of 
community.
Three Rivers, Texas – Valero partnered with Habitat for Humanity to 
construct a home in Beeville, Texas, for a family of military veterans.
St. Charles, Louisiana – As part of 
Black History Month recognition, 
Valero installed a new community 
library box and invited author 
Merlyna Valentine to read her book, 
“Daisy the Extra Special Flower” to 
children in the New Sarpy 
community, near the 
Valero St. Charles Refinery. 
Corpus Christi, Texas – 
Valero was recognized 
as the 2022 Community 
Partner of the Year and the 
recipient of the Diamond 
Award by the NAACP’s  
H. Boyd Hall Chapter for its 
contributions to racial equity.
Memphis, Tennessee - National 
Civil Rights Museum; Valero 
Proudly Supports the 31st Freedom 
Award – Valero has been a long-
time supporter of the National Civil 
Rights Museum (NCRM) through 
monetary and community 
service investments. As part 
of our commitment to cultural 
education programs, Valero was 
one of the presenting sponsors 
of the 2022 Freedom Award 
Ceremony that celebrated 
honorees for their tireless 
contributions to freedom, 
equality and justice. In addition, 
Valero employees have 
participated in thousands of 
hours of volunteer service at the 
museum.
46
Housing and Basic Needs4
TOTAL FUNDS DONATED IN 2022: $7.0 MILLION

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   47
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
From building homes, assembling 
beds and distributing food, to 
planting trees and vegetation, our 
employees help build stronger 
communities through their 
generous sharing of their time and 
talents. 
United Way Day of Caring
Our commitment 
to United Way 
organizations 
goes beyond 
providing funding. 
Our employees 
participate in volunteer activities 
throughout the year, including the 
United Way’s Annual Day of Caring.
Port Arthur, Texas – Valero 
volunteers brought local students 
from Washington Elementary to 
Volunteerism is a Core Component of our  
Culture – More than 117,500 Global Volunteer 
Hours in 2022
Valero Volunteer Councils 
at local sites organize 
employee volunteer activities 
throughout the year. Over the 
past decade, our employees 
around the globe provided 
more than 1.3 million hours of 
volunteer service. 
the West Port Arthur Community 
Garden. Students learned about 
the importance of worms in the 
ecosystem through books and 
hands-on experience.    
Meraux, Louisiana  – Valero 
volunteers painted rooms and 
made repairs at the Family Violence 
Prevention Center. 
Wilmington, California – Valero 
volunteers planted lemon and 
orange trees along with a variety 
of herbs and flowers to create a 
community garden at the local 
YMCA.   
Mexico City, Mexico – Valero 
employees from the Mexico City 
office recently partnered with Fondo 
Unido-United Way México. Valero 
volunteers traveled to the rural town 
of Piedra Grande where they helped 
build ecological toilets, water tanks 
and two vegetable gardens. 
Bloomingburg, Ohio  – Valero 
volunteers from our Bloomingburg 
ethanol plant helped create an on-
site vegetable garden with raised 
beds. Harvested vegetables will be 
donated to help feed those in need. 
Pembroke, 
 U.K.
Callao, 
 Peru
Quebec, Canada – Valero Energy 
Foundation of Canada Golf 
Classic raised a net amount 
of nearly $277,000. The funds 
were distributed to about 20 
local agencies near the Valero 
Quebec Refinery, the Montreal 
East Terminal and along the Saint 
Laurent pipeline.
Callao, Peru – Valero volunteers 
built 11 garbage containers made 
of donated recycled iron to help 
reduce trash in the community of 
Marques.  
Pembroke, U.K. – In front of 
hundreds of spectators, the 
Pembrokeshire County Rugby 
Football Club (RFC) hosted the 
Valero RFC team in a grueling 
match. In 2022, organizers raised 
thousands of dollars for the 
Pembrokeshire Cancer Support 
Group, which provides support to 
those in the community battling 
cancer.
Our employees currently  
serve on more than 320 
nonprofit/civic boards around 
the world that address a 
wide variety of needs to help 
strengthen communities. 
Wilmington, 
California

48
Major Valero Fundraisers Generated $42 Million in 2022
Basic Needs 
31%
Education 
42%
Healthcare  
27%
Our employees are “United” for United Way — Since 
1980, Valero has contributed more than $255 million to  
70 United Way affiliates in 26 states across the U.S. 
where Valero employees live and work.  
In 2022 alone, our employees raised more than  
$19 million for United Way through employee pledges, 
fundraising events and a company match. More than 
60% of our employees generously pledged 1% or more 
of their annual salary to United Way agencies. 
“Valero is a company that promotes a community 
atmosphere in and outside of the plant gates. There 
is not an area in our community that has not been 
improved by the culture of compassion that Valero has 
built with their employees.” 
– Janie Johnson, United Way of Mid & South Jefferson 
County, CEO & Executive Director
The Valero Texas Open 
continues to rank No. 1 
on the PGA TOUR in 
charitable fundraising, 
with an all-time total of 
$232 million, including 
funds raised in 2023. With the support and generosity 
of Valero's business partners and sponsors, the 2023 
Valero Texas Open and its associated fundraising 
events, Valero Benefit for Children and Champions fore 
Charity, generated more than $23 million in proceeds in 
2023 alone.
The Valero Benefit for Children provides funding for 
children’s programs in the communities where Valero 
operates to support initiatives targeting: 
Business Partner Spotlight – RICHARD 
Over the past 17 years, family-owned and 
operated RICHARD has performed engineering 
and construction services to support major capital 
projects across U.S.-based Valero facilities. Some 
of the projects include emissions reduction and the 
development of the largest renewable diesel process 
units in the world. RICHARD is a long-standing 
partner and supporter of the Valero Texas Open and 
the Valero Benefit for Children golf tournaments.
In 2022, 349 charities 
across the United States 
received funding through 
the Valero Texas Open 
and Benefit for Children. 
United Way
Lane Riggs, Chief Executive Officer and 
President, is joined by the 2023 Valero 
Texas Open (VTO) champion, Corey 
Conners, and the children at the First 
Tee of San Antonio during the VTO.
Valero Texas Open
“We are grateful for Valero's unwavering commitment 
to supporting United Way of San Antonio and Bexar 
County. Their generous contributions and dedicated 
employee-giving campaign have positively impacted 
the lives of countless individuals, families and children 
throughout our community." 
– Chris Martin, United Way of San Antonio and Bexar 
County, President & CEO 
“For decades, the Valero Wilmington Refinery has 
stood with United Way of Greater Los Angeles in 
helping families in crisis and neighborhoods build 
shared prosperity. We thank Valero for another strong 
year in our long-standing partnership in Creating L.A.’s 
Future. Together!” 
– Elise Buik, United Way of Los Angeles, President & CEO

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   49
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Making a Difference Around  
the World
In the communities where we operate, 
we are a major employer and strong 
economic contributor. Our direct and 
indirect financial support contributes to 
local businesses, education, municipal 
infrastructure and other economic 
development needs for the overall health 
and vitality of communities where we 
operate. 
Direct jobs bolstering local 
economies with payrolls
9,700+
Contractors
10,000+
Median total annual compensation 
of all employees for 2022, excluding 
our CEO29 
$209,277
Spent in 2022 on maintenance 
and growth projects boosting 
construction and service jobs
$2.3 billion
See page 79 for non-GAAP disclosures.
PGA golfers Beau Hossler and Harry Higgs join 
RICHARD executives Mike Krautz and Brent 
Richard, along with Valero's John Roach and 
Gwilym Reedy, during the Valero Texas Open.
“We are so grateful for Valero’s contributions to 
United Way Bay Area programs. These contributions 
make a real difference in giving our clients the 
resources they need to lift themselves out of poverty 
and for us to build a more equitable Bay Area.” 
– Kevin Zwick, United Way of Bay Area, CEO
“United Way of the Coastal Bend and our more  
than 60 partner agencies help 180,000 people every 
year. There is no way we could positively affect so 
many lives without the extremely generous funding 
from Valero and its employees. Valero is our top donor 
company, demonstrating for other employers the 
importance of caring for the communities in which  
we work and live.”  
– Libby Averyt, President & CEO, United Way of the 
Coastal Bend
“RICHARD considers it an honor to partner with 
Valero every year in order to champion such a 
noble cause, providing support and offering the 
opportunity for future success to so many children 
and youth across the country,” said Andy Bennett, 
General Manager, South Texas Division, RICHARD.

5050
People
Our people and our culture are fundamental to 
our success.
Behind complex operations and the strategic execution 
of our business are skilled and dedicated individuals 
working to safely deliver products that support our 
modern world. As our people advance the future of 
energy, we support their development and well-being 
through strategic resources, education and a strong 
work culture. 
Our People Strategy
• We are committed to building a best-in-class 
workforce, and a healthy and inclusive workplace. 
• We continuously evaluate 
our Total Wellness & 
Rewards investments to 
attract and retain a high-
performing workforce. 
• We promote a culture of learning as a key driver 
of excellence and strive to strengthen employee 
development at all levels of the organization.
• We continually assess employee performance, 
organizational structures and succession plans 
to support operational excellence, efficiency and 
effectiveness.
88% of employees 
recommend  
Valero as a great 
place to work.30
Members of Valero's 
operations team at the 
renewable diesel plant in 
St. Charles, Louisiana.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   51ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   51
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
GLOBAL EMPLOYEES 
9,743
Our Workforce in 202231 
WORKFORCE LOCATIONS
United States
83%
U.K. / Ireland
8%
Canada
7%
Mexico / Peru
2%
REPRESENTED BY 
LABOR UNIONS  
18%
OPERATIONS  
78% 22%
Field Operations Corporate
RACE / ETHNICITY
White
63%
Minority
37%
24% Hispanic 
7% Black  
6% Other
VETERAN (U.S.) 
12%
SELF-DISCLOSED 
DISABILITY (U.S.) 
15%
GENDER
YEARS OF SERVICE
U.S. INTERNS (249 in 2022)
TURNOVER RATE 
(U.S.)32 
4.9%
GENERATIONS
Women
19%
30% Professional  
21% Engineers  
20% Senior Leadership  
 (Director and Above)
43%
Women
PEOPLE LEADERS (U.S.) 
(Supervisor and  
Above)
Women
22%
Minority
26%
30% 21%
<5 Years 5-9 Years
31%
10-19 Years
18%
20+ Years
4%
Gen Z
57%
Men
43%
Minority
57%
Non-Minority 45%
Gen X
13%
Boomer
38%
Millennial

5252
Driving Success Through Culture
Our people deserve an exceptional work environment that welcomes new ideas, cultivates inclusive and 
creative teams, and promotes a safe, healthy and rewarding career. Valero’s engrained culture values are 
built on trust and respect, and act as the compass and source of inspiration for everything we do. 
We are committed to building the best teams and 
providing a safe, healthy and rewarding work 
environment with opportunities for professional 
growth and long-term financial stability. Our efforts 
are thoughtfully designed to support and retain our 
workforce in meaningful ways.
Long-standing culture values support our commitment 
to teamwork, accountability and to building a sense of 
belonging for every member of Team Valero. We make 
investments in our people that reward dedication, 
innovation and excellence. Our approach advances 
the future of energy and the future of our workforce for 
years to come.
For more than 40 years, Valero 
has enlisted the world’s best and 
brightest engineers, operators, 
maintenance crafts and business 
professionals to drive exceptional 
results. Our people strategies have 
been tested and validated through 
two vastly different business environments over the 
past three years. Our unwavering focus on our culture, 
adaptability, responsiveness, people development, 
and customized benefits and programs continues to 
strengthen and sustain our workforce. 
– Julia Rendon Reinhart,  SVP & Chief Human 
Resources Officer 
Board Oversight - The Human Resources and Compensation Committee assists the Board in overseeing Valero’s 
compensation and talent management programs, as well as succession planning for our CEO and other senior 
executives. At least annually, our senior management team, including the Senior Vice President and Chief Human 
Resources Officer, reports to the Board on these key focus areas.
Through caring, we create 
opportunities to positively 
impact the teams we support, 
the environment we share, the 
customers we serve and the 
communities where we live and 
work.
Safety is our foundation for 
success. From workplace 
safety to health and wellness, 
employees are encouraged to 
promote and demonstrate their 
commitment to safety at all 
times.
Employees make a personal 
choice to take ownership of 
performance. Creating an 
environment of accountability 
helps achieve important 
company goals and drives 
excellence.
Strong teams drive successful 
organizations. Valero believes 
that great teamwork and strong 
relationships are built through 
respectful collaboration, the 
sharing of diverse perspectives 
and strong communication.
Valero employees treat every 
day like game day – working 
hard, being disciplined and 
holding ourselves to the highest 
standards to deliver best-in-
class results.
Our commitment to integrity 
means doing the right thing 
for the right reason. Our 
people are trustworthy and 
set positive examples, leading 
to open, honest and sincere 
communication.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   53ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  53
GOVERNANCEPEOPLECOMMUNITYSAFETYENVIRONMENTLOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Moving Forward Together
Valero strives to build a sense of community and 
belonging for our people through shared experiences 
and mutual respect. A more open, welcoming 
work environment is fostered through teamwork, 
networking and open discussion, along with annual 
observances and outreach activities. 
Stronger Connections Through 
Engagement
Valero offers employees unique opportunities to 
build understanding and gain a stronger sense 
of belonging through employee networks, open 
discussions, guest forums and cultural experiences. 
From day one, employees are immersed in 
experiences that help them understand Valero’s 
culture, vision and business objectives, as well as our 
company’s position as a responsible, team-oriented 
industry leader. We work to create supportive 
environments for all employees. 
Employee Networks – Our employees have 
opportunities to connect, both in person and virtually, 
through company-driven and employee-driven 
networks, including: 
• ‘Hello Mom’ Support Network.
• Valero Volunteer Councils.
• Valero Mentor Program (Intern Program).
• Total Wellness Ambassadors.
• Women’s Engineering Network.
• Emerging Leaders Network.
• New Employee Integration and Frontline 
Leadership Cohorts.
Valero is a proud corporate sponsor of
Members of Valero's commercial team at company 
headquarters in San Antonio, Texas.
Valero Three Rivers Refinery.
Veteran recognition event at the 
Valero Port Arthur Refinery.

5454
Attracting the Best Talent
We strive to hire 
the best and 
brightest talent. 
In 2022, we continued to 
enhance our recruitment 
process to ensure that Valero 
attracts the most qualified 
candidates from a variety 
of backgrounds. Our hiring 
practices support efforts to build 
the best teams, through robust 
interview protocols; expanding 
recruiting efforts to broaden our 
pool of qualified candidates; 
conducting blind resume 
reviews; creating inclusive job 
postings; and partnering with 
external recruiters. Our policies, 
training and guidance for hiring 
managers ensure that new talent 
strengthens our culture in order 
to bring innovation, a range of 
skills and expertise, and unique 
perspectives to our workforce.
900+ New 
Employees 
in 2022. Hiring Training –  
Hiring managers and 
college recruiting 
teams are required 
to complete interview 
training, which 
provides tools to 
ensure that all 
applicants receive fair 
and equitable treatment in the recruitment and hiring process.
Expectations and Standards – We provide equal opportunities for 
applicants to ensure inclusion of women, minorities, veterans with 
protected status and qualified individuals with disabilities. Valero’s 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics further outlines our expectations, 
including zero tolerance for workplace discrimination based on race, 
ethnicity, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, gender identification, 
age or any status protected under applicable law, or harassment of any 
kind. 
Reporting Systems – We provide a confidential crisis hotline to all of our 
employees. Additionally, all contractors and employees have access to a 
confidential, toll-free Ethics Helpline that is independently operated and 
available 24 hours a day, seven days a week to report concerns.
Recruiting 
Highlights
Valero values the impact and contributions 
made by women throughout the company. 
For women in professional and operational 
roles, Valero provides programs and 
resources that support peace of mind 
at different stages of life and career 
progression. 
We continue to improve our gender 
demographics with respect to women’s 
achievement in leadership and in closing 
gender gaps in voluntary terminations, 
which now differs by less than 1%. 
Women at Valero
Five-Year Impact
Women in Executive 
Leadership 
(VP and above)
11%
2018
16%
2022 Change
45%
Women in Senior 
Leadership 
(Director and above)
17% 20% 18%
Women in 
Engineering 17% 21% 24%
Valero IT 
professional.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   55ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   55
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Developing Stronger Teams
For a dynamic, global workforce, opportunities are 
provided to help employees connect, develop expertise 
and strengthen teams. These include, but are not 
limited to: 
BOT Graduate Average Starting Pay and 
Rewards Exceed $100,000.33 
• New Hire Orientation.
• New Employee Integration Program.
• Informal Mentorship Program.
• Renewables Operator Qualifications (ROQ).  
A twelve-week program for newly hired ethanol plant 
operators prepares trainees for optimal performance 
once on the job, teaching them to safely monitor, 
operate and troubleshoot units in their designated 
areas.
• Refinery Basic Operator Training (BOT).  
A twelve-week refinery-based program lays the 
groundwork for a safe and successful career in 
operations. By leveraging internal subject matter 
instructors and bringing experienced employees 
into the classroom to share their experience and 
knowledge, new-operator integration is built on a 
foundation of existing expertise at Valero. In 2022, 
more than 10,000 applications were received for more 
than 200 openings across our refineries. Successful 
applicants demonstrated mechanical aptitude, a 
willingness to learn and dedication to safety. Our 
selection process is designed to produce a slate of 
TBD TBD TBD
highly qualified candidates with diverse backgrounds  
who, once hired, are provided this paid BOT to 
prepare them for their first post and a long-term 
career.
BOT session at the Valero Port Arthur Refinery.
Valero Hartley 
Ethanol Plant.
Valero Memphis 
Refinery.
Valero Port Arthur 
Refinery.

5656
In addition to strategic partnership with major 
universities, Valero also partners with local workforce 
agencies, colleges and high schools that stimulate and 
support a community-based workforce. Our education 
partnerships include Hispanic Serving Institutions, 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities and other 
academic institutions. We leverage these relationships 
to connect with local talent and to extend our outreach 
to underrepresented populations.
Valero Talent Pipeline
Creating a sustainable and robust talent pipeline is 
foundational to identifying and developing future 
leaders. We continue to enhance our recruitment 
process to reach the most talented pool of candidates 
Ardmore, Oklahoma
• Southern Tech
• Southern Riders Rodeo
• Ardmore High School
• Madill High School
• Military Organizations (Tinker AFB, Fort Sill Army Base, 
Oklahoma National Guard)
Corpus Christi, Texas
• Del Mar Community College (Hispanic-Serving 
Institution) – Process Tech Pgm., Operator Application 
Workshop
• Texas A&M University - Kingsville
• Coastal Bend Workforce Commission
Sunray, Texas
• Amarillo College
• Frank Phillips College
• Dumas ISD
• Amarillo Hispanic Chamber of Commerce
• Texas Veteran Commission
Memphis, Tennessee
• William R. Moore College of Technology
• Goodwill Excel Centers Memphis
• Historically Black Colleges & Universities – 
Lemoyne-Owen College, Rust College, Jackson 
State University, The National Coalition of  
100 Black Women, Latino Memphis, Alpha 
Omega, Shelby County Veteran Services 
New Orleans, Louisiana
• River Parishes Community College
• St. Charles Parish High School Satellite Center
• Fletcher Community College
• NextOp (Military/Veteran Organization)
• LA Workforce Commission Veterans Alliance
Pembroke, Wales
• Pembrokeshire College
Port Arthur, Texas
• Lamar University
• Lamar State College – Port Arthur & Orange
• Port Arthur ISD Career & Technical Center
• Beaumont ISD
• Nederland High School
• 100 Black Men of Greater Beaumont
• Texas Workforce Solutions – Vocational  
Rehabilitation Services
Education and Community Partnerships
possible. Our college and university partners, intern 
program and Engineering Summit help us to not only 
identify top talent but also create new opportunities for 
such talent to emerge.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   57ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   57
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Valero Intern Program 
Through summer and ongoing opportunities and 
co-ops, we extend internships to high-performing 
college students across a variety of business functions, 
including engineering, accounting, commercial, 
marketing, information systems, cybersecurity, legal, 
communications and human resources. 
In addition to providing an 
avenue for students to gain 
valuable job experience 
and to learn about Valero’s 
culture, our intern program allows Valero to attract and 
retain the company’s future talent. Our intern program 
includes:
• Competitive pay.
• Company-paid medical and dental benefits.
• Company-matched 401(k) and Pension Plan.
• Formal mentorship program.
• Professional and personal development.
• Relocation assistance.
• Exposure to business operations, company 
leadership and industry experts.
• Social and community involvement.
• Annual all-intern symposium at Valero headquarters.
For the past 25 years, the Valero Intern Program 
has become the primary recruiting vehicle for 
our professional workforce.
In 2022, we welcomed 249 interns to Valero 
representing 41 colleges and universities. The 
largest and most diverse class to date included 
43% female interns and 43% interns representing 
racial/ethnic minority. Approximately 85% of 
interns who received full-time offers accepted 
and chose to begin their careers at Valero. 
In 2022, 37% of 
engineering interns 
were female.
Valero’s Engineering Summit
Recognized by the National Association of Colleges and 
Employers in 2021 as a DEI Program of Excellence, the 
Engineering Summit is a four-day immersive experience 
for high-performing underrepresented engineering 
students who have completed their freshman year in 
college.  Through workshops, roundtable discussions, a 
hands-on refinery tour, a volunteer event and exposure 
to Valero’s talented workforce, the summit introduces 
a new generation of engineering talent to the world of 
energy and to our company. As part of their experience, 
each student receives a $1,500 scholarship and an offer 
to apply to Valero’s next summer intern program.
The Valero Intern Program 
celebrated 25 years in 2022.
Valero Houston Refinery.

58
Total People Investment34 - $2.2 Billion In 2022
PAY EQUITY RATIO GLOBAL COMPENSATION
Gender
99%
Minority
100%
MEDIAN-PAID EMPLOYEE
$209,277 Total 
Compensation. 29 
EQUAL PAY COMMITMENT
Valero is committed to 
equal pay opportunities for 
all employees, regardless of 
protected status. 
Employees "satisfied with 
the range of benefits 
Valero has to offer."30
91%
 
Direct 
Compensation
$1.3 
BILLION
58
$320 
MILLION
$100 
MILLION
Bonus  
Payments
Incentive Stock 
Awards
Top 10 compensation 
ranking in the S&P 500.35
Valero supports living wage 
principles.
Employees feel that 
"Valero is invested in their 
health and wellness."30
90% 
BENEFITS AND PROGRAMS
Physical  
Well-Being 
$183 
MILLION
$374 
MILLION
$102 
MILLION
Financial 
Well-Being
Emotional 
Well-Being
Valero Wellness Center at 
company headquarters in 
San Antonio, Texas.
Valero Three Rivers Refinery. Daycare facility for Valero 
families.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   59ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   59
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Total Wellness and Rewards 
Valero’s Total Wellness benefits and programs support our employees’ Emotional, Physical and Financial Well-
Being and reflect our culture and thoughtful investment in our workforce. 
Our Total Wellness mission is to create a work environment that fosters employee well-being while educating them 
in healthy lifestyle and sound financial choices. From hire to retire, this investment in our greatest asset delivers the 
ultimate return — a safe, healthy and productive workforce committed to the success of our company. 
Emotional Well-Being
Valero offers wide-ranging benefits to address 
emotional well-being, including: 
Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – Life 
Connections: Life Connections is a confidential, free 
support service that provides access to a wide range of 
employee and family support, including:
• Wellness tips and reminders.
• Child care and elder care referral services and 
suggestions.
• Counseling services for family, relationships, stress, 
grief and other concerns.
• Support programs for mental health conditions, such 
as insomnia, chronic pain and substance abuse.
Similar assistance programs and resources are offered 
for our international employees in the U.K., Canada and 
Mexico. In Peru, a certified social worker is employed 
to support the needs of our employees, from personal 
well-being and rehabilitation to conflict resolution/
mediation, family counseling, student support and 
research, among others.
Our Approach: 
• Foster a wellness culture that provides meaningful resources for every 
employee and promotes access regardless of personal circumstances. 
• Provide competitive benefit offerings for every stage of life, from early 
career into retirement.
• Thoughtfully consider programs and resources that address challenges 
employees could face as they seek better overall health and well-being 
for themselves and their families.
• Provide financial education and security for employees’ long-term stability as a complement to 
Valero’s fair and equitable compensation practices and pay-for-performance philosophy.
• Provide adaptable policies and support that allow for individualized choice and that address the 
diverse needs of a large workforce.
We continually evaluate our benefit offerings to support the best possible health and wellness outcomes 
for our people and to help determine the most appropriate allocation of company resources. Through 
peer benchmarking, employee surveys and exit interviews, we work to ensure program investments are 
competitive in attracting and retaining top talent. 
Choose well. Live well. Be well.
1

6060
Behavioral and Mental Health Benefits
In an effort to build greater awareness of available 
mental health resources, we have added initiatives and 
access points to help employees meet their unique 
needs. This includes awareness campaigns, virtual 
and in-person access to wellness experts, meditation 
resources, stress and anxiety workshops, nutritional 
clinics and annual wellness assessments. Other 
benefits supporting behavioral health include:
• Virtual program focused on cognitive behavioral 
therapy (CBT).
• Mobile app offering support for anxiety, depression 
and stress.
• Virtual therapy sessions through multiple providers.
Additional services and workplace events encourage 
habits that improve emotional health and support 
better work-life balance. Examples in the U.S. include:
• Total Wellness Fairs to bring health and wellness 
vendors and resources to employees.
• 'Get Outside Valero' event encourages families to 
foster mental and physical health.
• 'Pills and Paper Purge' event (partnership with DEA) to 
de-clutter and de-stress.
• Fitness challenges to grow physical/mental wellness.
• Virtual wellness incentive platform to encourage 
physical activity and take preventive steps to 
maintain health.
• Internal ‘Total Wellness’ portal with resources.
• Accessible videos encouraging proper form and 
movement during physical exercise.
Generous Vacation and Leave Programs 
Valero recognizes the importance 
of providing the opportunity for rest, 
recovery, recreation and personal 
time to meet employee and family 
health needs. Competitive paid 
leave time provides short- and long-term support while 
employees are away, encouraging greater emotional 
and physical wellness upon return to work. Leave 
programs include, but are not limited to, the following:
• Parental Leave Policy: In the U.S., our childbirth 
leave is available on the date of hire and includes 
nine weeks of paid leave. In addition, three weeks 
of paid parental leave/bonding are offered for all 
new parents, including adoption and surrogacy. In 
total, birth mothers are given 12 weeks of paid leave. 
A package of helpful resources and support links 
are sent to Valero parents in advance of the birth, 
including a summary of leave provisions. For our 
non-U.S. employees, paid parental leave meets or 
exceeds legal requirements in those countries.
‘Hello Baby’ and Family Gift Program: From the 
time an employee provides notification about 
an expected new arrival, through their leave 
time and transition back to work, new parents 
receive continual support. Helpful resources, 
guidance and gifts are provided to parents as 
they navigate changes and welcome a new 
family member.
$108 Million 
Vacation and 
Paid Leave 
in 2022.
Family event at 
Valero Memphis 
Refinery.
Velo Valero cycling team members.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   61ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   61
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Providing the time and resources 
our employees need to be 
healthy is critical for success 
inside and outside of work. 
Nutrition, exercise and rest 
are only part of the equation. 
Being educated and motivated to improve physical 
and mental wellness is equally important. In support, 
Valero provides customized employee programs 
companywide, including: 
Comprehensive healthcare plans – 97% of Eligible 
Employees Are Enrolled in Medical Coverage
Company-paid benefits for Valero's largest employee 
group include elective benefit options, such as Medical, 
Prescription Drug, Dental, and Vision Insurance; Flexible 
Spending Accounts; Health Savings Account; Life 
Insurance; Legal Insurance; and Group Critical Illness. 
The majority of full-time U.S. employees receive 
company contributions to cover the full cost of 
coverage under most medical benefit options. 
Referred to as “Valero Provided Dollars,” this investment 
allows employees flexibility to fully customize benefit 
coverage for specific individual and family needs, 
while minimizing or eliminating employee healthcare 
premiums. Outside the U.S., employees receive a 
significant contribution toward the cost of healthcare 
coverage in their respective countries. In the majority 
of cases, contributions cover 100% of the cost for 
employees. 
• Family Illness Leave: U.S. employees are eligible for 
10 days of paid leave to care for family members. 
For non-U.S. employees, paid family leave meets or 
exceeds legal requirements of foreign countries. 
• Military Service Leave Beyond Minimum Standards 
(U.S.): Valero offers differential pay for employees 
called to active and reserve duty. For long-term 
assignments/deployment, Valero employees and 
their families continue to be eligible to receive all 
company-sponsored health and welfare benefits.
• Vacation: Competitive vacation schedules are 
offered based on years of service and recognition of 
prior relevant experience upon hire.
Other: Caregiver support network; adoption assistance 
and support programs; 24/7 confidential crisis hotline.
On-Site Employee Wellness Centers / Family Wellness 
Center (U.S.)
The goal of Valero on-site wellness centers is to provide 
convenient access to high-quality primary care for 
acute, routine and preventive services for employees 
and, at corporate headquarters, their eligible 
dependents. At certain 
Valero locations, on-site 
wellness centers provide 
routine services, including:
• Diagnostics and 
treatment of employee illnesses and minor injuries.
• Physical-led management of chronic conditions.
• Annual vaccinations.
• Allergy shots.
• Smoking cessation.
• Weight loss support and diabetes intervention.
2 Physical Well-Being
$183 Million 
Invested in 2022 
in the physical 
health of our 
employees.
97% of respondents 
agree Valero’s on-site 
wellness centers are a 
valued benefit.30 
Mobile mammography 
at company 
headquarters in 
San Antonio, Texas.

6262
Promoting Stress Relief with ‘Get Outside 
Valero’ 
Hosted annually by Total Wellness, this fun 
and active event kicks off with a 5K for runners 
and walkers and a 10K for cyclists, followed by 
outdoor activities such as a 25-foot rock wall 
and a “trike” track. 
99% of employee survey respondents strongly 
believe Valero’s corporate Fitness Center is a 
valued benefit.30 
Annual Wellness Assessments
Annual confidential wellness assessments are free 
to Valero employees and offered at a reduced rate 
for spouses and retirees. This valuable individualized 
assessment creates a comprehensive picture of 
personal health and a baseline to allow for more 
educated, proactive health decisions and discussions 
with the individual healthcare provider.
Fitness Centers, Subsidies and Online Resources
Equipped fitness centers are available on-site at most 
major U.S. locations, including a full-time fitness staff at 
company headquarters. Fitness subsidies are available 
to U.S. employees at locations outside of San Antonio. 
Additionally, Total Wellness programs and resources are 
designed to support the ongoing physical health goals 
of our employees and to provide easy access through 
in-person and virtual means. 
Valero Child Care Center (or stipend for child care 
services)
The children of Valero employees are an important 
extension of Team Valero. Valero parents have access 
to state-of-the-art, licensed and accredited child care 
centers, either on-site or within the employee’s local 
area. Back-up child care and tutoring services are also 
available through a Valero partnership.
Other: Medical specialist consultations, on-site 
mammograms, mother’s rooms or designated areas 
and nursing pods. 
Attracting and retaining 
the best people in our 
industry requires a 
layered and uniquely 
personal approach to financial stability. Valero’s 
compensation and financial wellness strategy greatly 
supports these objectives, providing motivation, 
rewards and investment opportunities for an 
exceptional workforce. 
Generous 401(k) Match - 96% of U.S. Employees 
Enrolled in 401(k) Plan in 2022
Valero is proud to provide an excellent retirement 
savings plan that, if utilized to the fullest, helps provide 
significant financial security for employees later in life. 
For the majority of our U.S. employees, the available 
company match under the primary savings plan is up 
to 7% of eligible pay and vests immediately.
$374 Million in Support 
of Financial Security 
and Retirement in 2022.
3 Financial Well-Being and Rewards
Valero financial wellness training is available 
in person and virtually for employees.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   63ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   63
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Customized Financial 
Education & Planning
Educational workshops 
have been created to 
assist in putting personal 
financial goals within reach. Employees have regular 
opportunities to attend free financial education 
webinars such as Valero’s Planning for Retirement and 
Financial Habits that Matter workshops.
Adoption Assistance
Adopting a child is a life-changing experience for the 
child and his/her new family. Valero is proud to support 
families by reimbursing a portion of adoption-related 
expenses.
Valero Scholarship 
Program for Dependents
Each year, a selection 
of outstanding children 
of Valero employees 
receive a Valero 
Scholarship, based on scholastic achievement, 
community involvement and leadership qualities. Each 
recipient receives $2,500 per year for up to four years of 
undergraduate studies. 
Other: Retiree medical benefit (subsidized in certain 
cases); health savings account contribution; short- and 
long-term disability; and financial hardship funds.
Company-Sponsored Pension Plan
As an added layer of financial security, the majority 
of U.S. employees are automatically enrolled in an 
exceptional pension plan after one year of service. 
Vesting reaches 100% after three years of service.
Annual Merit and Bonus Awards
The Annual Merit Award process adjusts eligible 
employees’ salaries for market competitiveness, 
performance and relativity to peers. Managers are 
able to ensure equitable pay for all team members. 
Discretionary Annual Bonus Awards recognize 
employees who contribute to Valero’s success, and 
serve as a pathway to review employee performance 
over the past year. 
Valero Perks at Work 
Perks at Work is a discount program that gives access 
to exclusive savings on quality of life enhancements 
and conveniences such as household items, travel, 
electronics and many more. 
Employee Tuition 
Reimbursement
The Valero Educational 
Assistance Program 
supports employees’ continuing education (college 
or specialized certifications) relevant to professional 
development. Upon approval, the program can provide 
up to $10,000 per employee annually for tuition, fees 
and books. 
Employees attended 
more than 1,300 hours 
of financial education 
in 2022. 
More than $872,000 
was awarded to 
employees in 2022. 
Since 1981, Valero 
has awarded 791 
scholarships totaling 
$6.6 million to 
employee dependents.
Valero Three Rivers Refinery.
Valero Renewable Diesel 
Plant in Port Arthur, Texas.
Employees who were recruited 
from the Valero Intern Program.

64
More than 80% of training materials are internally 
generated by 600 instructors and subject matter 
experts from across the company. The professional 
and technical curriculum includes job readiness and 
skills evaluation. Training also focuses on year-round 
learning opportunities supporting our team-driven work 
culture, safety mindset and continual efforts to build 
expertise within our teams.
Developing Our Leaders
We are committed to building a strong learning culture, 
where all employees are supported in reaching their full 
potential.
At the core of every successful Valero leader is a full 
understanding of our business, our culture and the 
people who drive our success. We develop our leaders 
and team members to motivate, engage and support 
an inclusive workforce that expands our talent pipeline 
and reduces turnover. With a range of technical, 
professional, operational and leadership development 
programs, Valero offers learning opportunities  
(in-person and virtually) for employees at all stages of 
their professional journey. 
Developing Team Valero – Instructor-led courses targeting professional and technical topics.
Individualized Development  – Behavioral assessment review to understand individual strengths and weaknesses.
Other – Valero development library; compliance and regulatory training; and business acumen resources.
More than 751,000 hours of training and more 
than 8,700 training classes offered to employees 
in 2022.36 
ALL-EMPLOYEE PROGRAMS  / 78 different programs in 2022
Engineering Technical Excellence Program – Structured two-track program designed to enhance and sharpen 
the technical skills of early career and experienced engineers.
Subject Matter Instructor (SMI) Development – Program designed to cultivate Valero’s internal experts across 
the organization and prepare them to deliver training sessions – virtually or in person – on a wide range of 
department-specific or professional topics.
Instructor Development – Individualized development and coaching of experts for preparation to facilitate 
courses.
Other – Engineering development virtual program; commercial development program; and operations 
qualification and unit specific courses.
ROLE-SPECIFIC PROGRAMS  / 875 different programs in 2022
Supervisor Toolkit – To prepare our new supervisors for their role, we provide a 12-month road map on day one of 
promotion, which outlines information on developing essential skills, building strong teams, ensuring an inclusive 
work environment and understanding their leadership style.
Frontline & Beyond Frontline – Required program building essential skills for managing and leading others. 
Includes a year-long cohort learning experience with an executive leader coach.
LeaderTalks – Program supporting experienced leaders with unique opportunities to learn directly from executive 
leaders’ first-hand experiences and perspectives on essential leadership skills.
Refinery Supervisor Development – Customized curriculum designed to reinforce expectations of field leaders to 
build strong teams and drive operational excellence.
Other – Leadership transition guide; extraordinary leaders program; and performance management resources.
LEADERSHIP PROGRAMS  / 49 different programs in 2022
64
Training Programs

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   65
We view our stakeholders as partners to whom  
we seek to deliver operational excellence, 
disciplined management of capital and long-term 
value on a foundation of strong governance and 
ethical standards. 
Our unique culture drives our company’s 
success and is the consistent thread that 
ties us all together. 
As we stay committed to advancing the 
future of transportation fuels, it is also 
important to reflect on  the commitment 
we have to maintaining the highest 
standards of ethical behavior. Our strong 
corporate governance policies and 
practices provide accountability and 
responsiveness to our employees, officers,  
directors and stakeholders.
Joe Gorder 
Valero's Executive Chairman

66
Governance and Risk Management
Risk Management and Oversight Structure
Full Board
• Risk Management and Oversight are responsibilities for the full Board.
• The full Board exercises its oversight responsibilities directly and through its committees.
• Valero's low-carbon fuels growth strategy is a priority and focus for the full Board.  In fact, Valero's low-carbon fuels 
growth and climate strategy have been the key topics of our annual three-day strategic planning meeting for the past two 
years, which have included presentations from third-party and Valero subject matter experts (SMEs) on topics such as 
climate, low-carbon innovation, environmental justice, ESG, sustainability, liquid fuels, geopolitics and public policy.
Valero's Management / Employees
Management and other employees engage in day-to-day risk identification and management, and promote safety, through:
• executing our risk identification and management programs, plans and systems, such as our Commitment to Excellence 
Management System, Environmental Excellence and Risk Assessment, and Fuels Management System;
• taking an interdisciplinary approach that coordinates the views of various teams and SMEs across Valero, and facilitating 
continual communication on risk-related matters; and 
• reporting to the Board and its committees, and engaging with stockholders and stakeholders throughout the year.
Audit  
Committee
Key areas of oversight and 
responsibility include:
• financial statements 
and public financial 
information integrity;
• compliance with 
legal and regulatory 
requirements, with a 
focus on those with the 
potential to impact its 
financial statements or 
accounting policies;
• policies and guidelines 
concerning financial risk 
exposures and the steps 
management has taken 
to monitor and control 
such exposures;
• global compliance and 
ethics program, and 
annual compliance plan;
• independent auditor and 
internal audit function; 
and 
• initiatives and strategies 
respecting cybersecurity 
and IT risks.
Human Resources 
and Compensation 
Committee
Key areas of oversight 
and responsibility include:
• risks and other 
matters related to our 
compensation and 
talent management 
programs, policies and 
strategies, including 
Valero's benefit plans;
• management 
succession planning for 
Valero's CEO and other 
senior executives;
• Valero's initiatives 
and strategies in 
the areas of human 
capital management 
and leadership 
development; and
• compliance with 
Valero's stock ownership 
and retention guidelines.
Nominating and 
Corporate Governance 
Committee
Key areas of oversight and 
responsibility include:
• ensuring that the Board 
and its committees 
have the necessary 
mix of knowledge, skills, 
experience and other 
attributes;
• identifying and 
recommending qualified 
director nominees;
• developing and 
recommending a set of 
corporate governance 
principles applicable to 
Valero;
• the Board's and its 
committees' annual 
self-evaluation of 
performance;
• Valero's new director 
orientation and director 
continuing education 
programs; and 
• any related-party 
transactions.
Sustainability  
and Public Policy 
Committee
Key areas of oversight and 
responsibility include:
• HSE matters;
• ESG, sustainability, and 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities (including 
environmental justice 
matters);
• corporate responsibility 
and reputation 
management;
• social, community, and 
public policy strategies 
and initiatives;
• political issues, including 
political contributions 
and lobbying activities; 
and 
• compliance with 
legal and regulatory 
requirements for the 
operations of the 
company.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   67
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCE
STRATEGY LOW-CARBON ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCE
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  67
Board of Directors
Joe Gorder 
Executive 
Chairman,  
Valero Energy 
Corporation
Hispanic/ 
Latino
4
8
1
4
3
8
3
Men Women White Black/African 
American
50s 60s 70s
New Independent  
Directors Since 2016
5
Independent 
Directors
10
Directors represent 
gender or racial/
ethnic diversity
7 
Women
33.3%
Racial/Ethnic 
Diversity
33.3%
Average 
Age
62.9 yrs
5
Fred M. Diaz 
Retired President, 
CEO and 
Chairman of the 
Board of Directors 
of Mitsubishi 
Motors North 
America, Inc.
Committee: Audit
H. Paulett 
Eberhart 
Chair and CEO, 
HMS Ventures 
Committee: Audit 
(Chair); and 
Sustainability and 
Public Policy
Marie A. 
Ffolkes 
Former President 
and CEO, TriMark 
USA, LLC
Committee: 
Nominating 
and Corporate 
Governance
Kimberly 
Greene 
Board Chair, CEO 
and President, 
Georgia Power 
Company
Committees: 
Nominating 
and Corporate 
Governance 
(Chair); and 
Sustainability and 
Public Policy
Deborah P. 
Majoras 
Retired Chief 
Legal Officer and 
Secretary, The 
Procter & Gamble 
Company
Committees: 
Sustainability 
and Public Policy 
(Chair); and 
Nominating 
and Corporate 
Governance
Eric D. Mullins 
Chairman and 
CEO, Lime Rock 
Resources
Committee: Audit
Sen. Don 
Nickles 
Retired U.S. 
Senator (R-Okla.) 
and Chairman and 
CEO, The Nickles 
Group
Committee: 
Nominating 
and Corporate 
Governance
Robert A. 
Profusek 
Partner and 
Practice Leader, 
Global Mergers 
and Acquisitions, 
Jones Day;  
Valero Lead 
Director
Committees: 
Human 
Resources and 
Compensation; 
and Sustainability 
and Public Policy
Lane Riggs
Chief Executive 
Officer and 
President, 
Valero Energy 
Corporation
Randall J. 
Weisenburger 
Managing 
Member, Mile 26 
Capital LLC; former 
EVP and CFO, 
Omnicom Group 
Inc.
Committee: 
Human 
Resources and 
Compensation
Rayford 
Wilkins, Jr. 
Retired CEO-
Diversified 
Businesses, AT&T 
Inc.
Committees: 
Human 
Resources and 
Compensation 
(Chair); and 
Sustainability and 
Public Policy
Age as of 12/31/2022.

68
Director Skills and Experience
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE
CEO/Leadership
ESG/Sustainability
HSE
Human Capital 
Management
Corporate  
Governance
Cybersecurity/ 
IT
Finance/ 
Accounting
Global
Government, Legal, 
Regulatory, and 
Compliance
Risk Management
Industry
Gorder WilkinsDiaz EberhartFfolkes Greene Majoras Mullins Nickles Profusek Weisenburger
The full Board periodically reviews and discusses 
various ESG and sustainability matters (including 
those related to climate and environmental justice). 
Valero’s low-carbon fuels growth and climate strategies 
are priorities for the full Board. The challenges and 
opportunities presented by ESG are broad-ranging, 
interrelated and complex, and as a result often overlap 
across multiple areas of respective responsibility of 
the Board committees, including the Audit Committee, 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, 
Human Resources and Compensation Committee, and 
Sustainability and Public Policy Committee.  
At the corporate level, the Senior Vice President, 
General Counsel and Secretary has oversight of 
certain functions actively involved in climate-related 
management. This position is the executive officer who 
reports directly to the CEO, and provides updates to all 
levels of management, including the Board.
Riggs
Board Oversight – ESG, Sustainability and Climate

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   69
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Comprehensive Liquid Fuels Strategy
We are working to advance the future of energy with capital discipline, innovation and unmatched execution. 
We support our commitment to stockholder returns with our comprehensive liquid fuels strategy that drives 
economic growth projects and provides a viable path to reduce GHG emissions.
Unmatched Execution with a Proven History of 
Operational Excellence 
• Safe, reliable, environmentally responsible operations 
driving higher profitability and lower earnings 
volatility. 
• The lowest-cost producer among peer group while 
maintaining first-quartile operating performance. 
• Applying liquid fuels manufacturing expertise to 
optimize our low-carbon fuels businesses.
 Demonstrated Commitment to Stockholders 
• Disciplined capital allocation with solid free 
cash flow and returns to stockholders across 
margin cycles.
• Delivered on our target payout ratio of 40% 
to 50% of adjusted net cash provided by 
operating activities.
  Operations Capital Discipline
Growth Through Innovation
• Growth projects focused on operating cost control, 
market expansion and margin improvement. 
• Leveraging our global liquid fuels platform to 
expand our long-term competitive advantage with 
investments in economic low-carbon projects. 
• Minimum 25% after-tax IRR hurdle rate has applied 
to all growth projects.
Alignment of Executive Pay with Company Performance 
and Long-Term Stockholder Value Creation
• Link of superior company performance and  
executive pay.
• Link of ESG and climate-related goals and  
executive pay.
• Alignment of interests of executives and stockholders.
• Risk management and adoption of best practices in 
executive pay.
• Balance of compensation over short- and long-term 
periods. 
• Retention of top executive talent.
Earnings Growth Executive Compensation
S&P 500 ESG Index
FTSE All-World 
Ex CW Climate 
Balanced 
Factor Index
MSCI USA ESG Leaders 
Index
JUST Capital U.S. Large 
Cap Diversified Index
FlexShares STOXX US 
ESGSelect Index
Inspire Global  
Hope Large Cap Equal 
Weight Index
Concinnity Conscious 
Companies Index
Northern Trust ESG & 
Climate  
US Large Cap Core Index
Valero is a constituent of 49 ESG indices37 
MSCI World Low Carbon 
Index
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  69

70
Linkage of Executive Compensation to ESG and GHG Emissions Metrics
Annual Bonus Plan - Valero’s annual bonus program 
includes both HSE performance measures and ESG 
efforts and improvements. 
In 2022, we made performance within the Health, 
Safety and Environment sub-component of the 
annual bonus program more difficult to achieve by 
adjusting targets for certain metrics and through the 
implementation of a severity/volume enhancer on 
the Environmental Scorecard Incidents metric.
Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Program - In 2021, our 
Human Resources and Compensation Committee 
strengthened the ties between executive 
compensation and ESG priorities through the addition 
of an energy transition modifier to our LTI program, 
tying executive compensation with our publicly 
disclosed GHG emissions reduction/displacement 
targets and the deployment of capital to low-carbon 
initiatives. 
In 2022, our performance exceeded our 2025 GHG 
reduction/displacement target, which is three years 
ahead of schedule. Accordingly, in February 2023, our 
Human Resources and Compensation Committee 
approved a modification to our energy transition 
performance modifier for performance shares 
granted beginning in 2023 that continues on to our 
2035 GHG reduction/displacement target. 
For the seventh year in a row, Institutional Investor Magazine named Valero among its “Most Honored 
Companies,” based on results across several categories of its 2023 All-America Executive Team rankings. 
Out of over 1,300 companies receiving votes across 44 sectors, 10% earned the “Most Honored” distinction. 
The investment publication determined the rankings from votes of over 3,100 investors and over 330 
research analysts who evaluated companies and executives. 
• 1st Place Awards in the Integrated Oil sector by  
Research Analysts:
 • Best CEO – Joe Gorder
 • Best CFO – Jason Fraser
 • Best IR Professional – Homer Bhullar
• We also ranked #1 in the Integrated Oil sector  
awards for Best IR Team, Best IR Program, Best  
ESG Program and Best Company Board by  
research analysts. 
Awards
Joe Gorder
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer until 
June 30, 2023;  
Executive Chairman  
of the Board starting  
July 1, 2023.
Jason Fraser
Executive Vice  
President and Chief 
Financial Officer.
Homer Bhullar
Vice President  
Investor Relations  
and Finance.
Awarded S&P Platts 2022 
Energy Company of the Year.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   71
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
Supply Chain Management
Valero's Conduct Guidelines for Business Partners  
describes our standards and expectations 
for Business Partners—namely our suppliers, 
vendors, contractors, consultants, distributors, 
agents, representatives and any third parties 
or individuals acting on behalf of the company. 
Applicable in all countries where Valero operates, 
our Conduct Guidelines reflect our expectations 
of high ethical standards  and the unwavering 
requirement to act with integrity. 
We expect our business partners to commit to 
uphold Valero’s reputation as a company with 
high standards of business ethics and conduct, 
including in the following areas:
Valero and business partners worked together to build 
the renewable diesel plant in Port Arthur, Texas.
Vetting Our Suppliers  – Valero has a formal 
screening process for our suppliers, which looks 
at various risk indicators, such as reputation, 
local jurisdiction, sanctions, financial stability 
and commitment to comply with our policies and 
procedures. We manage various supplier-related 
risks through a counterparty due diligence vetting 
process. Additionally, audits may be conducted to 
ensure that suppliers uphold all standards listed in 
Valero’s Conduct Guidelines for Business Partners. 
• Anti-Bribery / Anti-Corruption 
• Antitrust / Fair Dealing and Competition
• Conflicts of Interest 
• Corporate Recordkeeping 
• Data Privacy 
• Fair Employment Practices 
• Gifts and Entertainment 
• Government Contracting and Small Business 
Engagement
• Health, Safety and Environment 
• Human Rights 
• Information Security and Intellectual Property 
• Insider Trading 
• International Trade Regulations 
• Legal Compliance

72
Business Ethics and Compliance
Valero's Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics is reviewed and approved 
by the Board and Valero’s executive 
management team. Our Code 
provides guidance for our day-  
to-day work and the behaviors 
expected of us, as well as our legal and ethical responsibilities.  
The Code focuses on the following commitments: 
Visit our website at  
www.valero.com > Investors 
> ESG > Governance 
Documents.
• Human Rights Policy 
Statement
• Policy on Vesting of 
Performance Shares
• Stock Ownership and 
Retention Guidelines for 
Directors and Officers
• Anti-Bribery and  
Anti-Corruption Policy
• Environmental Justice Policy 
Statement
• Health, Safety and 
Environment Policy 
Statement
• Policy on Political 
Contributions, Lobbying and 
Trade Associations
• Related Party Transactions 
Policy
• UK Tax Policy
• Anti-Slavery and Human 
Trafficking Policy Statement
• Compensation Consultant 
Disclosures Policy
• Policy on Executive 
Compensation in 
Restatement Situations
Other Published 
Governance Policies:
Commitment to Each Other
• Health, Safety and 
Environment 
• Workplace Environment 
• Community 
• Human Rights 
• Data Privacy
Commitment to Business Partners
• Expectations of Business Partners -  Conduct 
Guidelines for Business Partners  
• Gifts and Entertainment
Commitment to Shareholders
• Business Records and 
Internal Controls 
• Protecting Company 
Assets 
• Information Security 
• Conflicts of Interest and 
Corporate Opportunities 
• Insider Trading
• External 
Communications
Commitment to the Marketplace
•  Anti-Bribery and
     Anti-Corruption 
• Anti-Money Laundering 
• Antitrust, Fair Dealings  
and Competition 
• International Trading
• Anti-Boycott
• Participating in Political
     Activities
More than 745,000 hours of 
training was conducted in 
2022 on various HSE regulatory, 
legal and other compliance-
related matters, including 
conduct and ethics, use of 
ethics helpline, anti-bribery, 
data privacy, human rights 
and information security. 
In addition to our Chief 
Compliance Officer, Valero’s 
Audit Committee oversees 
the company’s global 
compliance function.
Our Ethics Helpline is a 
confidential external helpline 
operated by a trained third-
party. It is available toll-free, 
24 hours a day, seven days a 
week and in local languages. 
All reports are investigated 
fairly and thoroughly.

STRATEGY
 GOVERNANCEPEOPLECOMMUNITYSAFETYENVIRONMENTLOW-CARBON
Stakeholder Engagement
Our engagement program offers proactive outreach and opportunities for stakeholders to communicate their 
concerns and priorities to our management team. Additionally, the program undergoes a rigorous analysis, review 
and assessment process to ensure continuous improvement. 
Ongoing engagement with stakeholders is important to us. For instance, throughout the year we 
communicate with our stakeholders through a variety of means, including direct interface, investor 
presentations, ESG presentations, our website, community outreach and the publications and 
reports we issue.
Our engagement process is adjusted based on needs and business strategy. After each 
engagement opportunity, we assess the input received and share it with our management team 
and the Board, as appropriate. This constant communication with the management team and 
the Board allows us to develop policies, practices and disclosures to meet the expectations of our 
stakeholders.
As part of our engagement efforts, our senior management team reaches out to our stakeholders 
for dialogue concerning their priorities – which may include our corporate strategy, environmental 
initiatives, financial performance, capital allocation, ESG, sustainability, and climate-related 
risks and opportunities facing Valero, GHG emissions, human capital management, executive 
compensation, and/or corporate governance, among other relevant matters. We value our 
stakeholders’ views and input. 
Our engagement process follows a “review, plan, engage, and analyze and respond” cycle to build 
relationships and create meaningful interactions. Our engagements with stakeholders have been 
constructive and have provided management and the Board with insights on issues and initiatives 
that are important to our stakeholders. Additionally, we initiate formal outreach efforts throughout 
the year.
Proactive
Consistent Dialogue
Process: Review, plan, engage, and analyze and respond
Assessment
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   73

Political Engagement
Valero believes that constructive participation 
in the political process is an important means of 
enhancing stockholder value and promoting good 
corporate citizenship.
• Board Oversight — The CEO and the General 
Counsel review and approve recommendations 
by Valero’s government affairs team on political 
contributions and lobbying activities. Additionally, 
the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee is 
responsible for assisting the Board with oversight 
of Valero's political contributions and lobbying 
activities and receives, at least once annually, 
a formal report from management on these 
activities.
• Policy Advocacy — As part of our engagement, 
we may advocate directly or with trade 
associations on issues that affect our business 
and the energy industry. Our trade association 
participation focuses on being an active member 
of business communities where we work and live, 
learning and sharing best practices from safety 
and environmental to labor and technologies, 
as well as promoting dialogue and advocacy 
for positions that are in the best interest of our 
business. 
• Climate-lobbying Alignment Analysis — We 
conducted a review of climate lobbying activities 
and concluded that certain trade associations 
with lobbying activities were substantially 
aligned with, or were in the process of aligning 
with, Valero’s vision of providing affordable 
and sustainable energy, while reducing GHG 
emissions.
• Political Participation  — Valero complies 
with all applicable laws and regulations when 
considering participation in the political process 
with corporate contributions. 
Our political participation webpage provides 
comprehensive and updated political disclosures:  
www.valero.com > Investors > ESG > Political 
Engagement > Political Participation.
As part of our engagement efforts, we proactively offer 
dialogue to stockholders and stakeholders regarding 
different matters, such as executive compensation, 
ESG, sustainability, proxy proposals, climate-related 
risks and opportunities, GHG emissions targets, 
environmental justice and community engagement 
efforts, human capital management, and political 
and lobbying activities. The robust ESG/compensation 
engagement efforts we undertook over the course of 
2022 consisted of the following:
• Offering dialogue to our 100 largest stockholders;
• Holding at least 55 different meetings with 
stockholders and proxy advisory firms; and
• Engaging with stockholders that held approximately 
50% of our outstanding shares of common stock. 38
In 2022 and early 2023, in response to stockholder and 
stakeholder feedback, the following disclosures and/
or changes were made:
• Relative TSR performance target for Valero’s 
performance shares was prospectively set above 
the median of the peer group for future grants of 
performance shares. 39
• A cap on overall performance share payouts at 100% 
of target, when Valero’s TSR over the performance 
period is negative, will be applied to future grants of 
performance shares.
• Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines were 
enhanced by increasing the required value of Valero 
Common Stock owned by senior executives as a 
multiple of salary by 50% above previous levels. 40
• Scope 3 intensity disclosure.
• Value chain analysis.
• TCFD Report (IEA Net Zero by 2050).
• Third-party assurance on Scope 1, Scope 2 and 
Scope 3 Intensity disclosures as well as low-carbon 
fuels displacements and the evaluation of our 2035 
GHG emissions target. 
• 2023 Environmental Justice Audit Report and Racial 
Equity Assessment.
Our Responsiveness to 
Engagement
74

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   75
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCELOW-CARBONSTRATEGY
ENVIRONMENT SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCE
Cybersecurity
As part of the ongoing process of educating 
and training employees, Valero celebrates 
National Cybersecurity Awareness Month 
every year in October with training sessions, 
videos, presentations and news reminders 
to help employees to identify and prevent 
potential information security issues at Valero.  
Our Information Security Framework
Secure
Controls that help build in 
security and protect against 
known threats
Vigilant
Controls that help maintain 
security through continuous 
monitoring
Resilient
Controls that provide the 
capability to respond and 
recover quickly
• Security awareness and 
training
• Risk & compliance 
management
• Identity & access 
management
• Data protection & 
management
• Infrastructure security
• Application security & 
secure development
• Asset & change 
management
• Third-party risk 
management
• Physical & environmental 
security
• Vulnerability management
• Cyber threat intelligence
• Endpoint monitoring
• Cybersecurity operations
• Resilience & recovery
• Incident response & 
forensics
All Valero employees are required to complete annual 
computer-based cybersecurity and IT training. We 
engage third-party experts regularly to conduct 
cybersecurity and risk assessment testing, including 
penetration testing, firewall reviews and PCI Data 
Security Standard testing. In addition, we continue 
taking steps to reduce our vulnerability to such attacks, 
including through an ongoing cybersecurity awareness 
program. 
Information Security Governance - The Audit 
Committee has formal oversight responsibilities 
concerning Valero’s initiatives and strategies respecting 
cybersecurity and IT risks. At least once annually, 
heads of our Information Services and Internal 
Audit teams provide a report to the Committee on 
Valero’s information security operations, structure 
and framework; various cyber and IT security metrics; 
Valero’s cybersecurity management program, 
improvement efforts and future projects; and Valero’s 
governance and assessments related to cyber and IT 
security.
Valero I/S professionals at company headquarters 
in San Antonio, Texas.

76
SASB Report
This report aligns our performance data with the recommendations of the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework in the Oil & Gas – Refining & Marketing 
industry standard.
Topic Accounting Metric Code 2022 Valero
Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions
Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage 
covered under emissions-limiting 
regulations
EM-RM-110a.1 24.8 million metric tons CO 2e
100%
Discussion of long-term and short-term 
strategy or plan to manage Scope 1 
emissions, emissions reduction targets, and 
an analysis of performance against those 
targets
EM-RM-110a.2 Valero's performance in 2022 exceeded the company's short-term 
GHG emissions target (Scope 1 and 2) to reduce/displace 63% by 
2025, which is three years ahead of schedule. 
Valero is on track to further reduce/displace 100% of its global 
refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 2035 through Board-
approved projects and carbon capture and storage projects under 
development.
Air Quality Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) 
NOx (excluding N2O), (2) SOx, (3) particulate 
matter (PM10), (4) H2S, and (5) volatile 
organic compounds (VOCs)
EM-RM-120a.1 (1) NOx: 9,200 metric tons; (2) SOx: 7,800 metric tons; (3) PM 10: 2,400 
metric tons; (4) H2S: De minimis; (5) VOCs: 6,600 metric tons
Number of refineries in or near areas of 
dense population
EM-RM-120a.2 11
Water 
Management
(1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) 
percentage recycled, (3) percentage in 
regions with High or Extremely High Baseline 
Water Stress
EM-RM-140a.1 (1) 182 million m3; (2) 1,626%; (3) 11.5%
Number of incidents of non-compliance 
associated with water quality permits, 
standards, and regulations
EM-RM-140a.2 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K , Item 3 (page 33)
Hazardous 
Materials 
Management
Amount of hazardous waste generated, 
percentage recycled
EM-RM-150a.1 (1) 40,100 metric tons; (2) recycled hazardous waste without incineration: 
31%; recycled hazardous waste with incineration of waste fuels: 38%
(1) Number of underground storage tanks 
(USTs), (2) number of UST releases requiring 
cleanup, and (3) percentage in states with 
UST financial assurance funds
EM-RM-150a.2 (1) 6; (2) 0; (3) 0
Workforce 
Health & Safety
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) 
fatality rate, and (3) near miss frequency 
rate (NMFR) for (a) full-time employees and 
(b) contract employees
EM-RM-320a.1 (1)(a) Global refining TRIR Employee: 0.32; (1)(b) Global refining TRIR 
Contractor: 0.15; (2)(a) Global refining Fatality Rate Employee: 0.00; 
(2)(b) Global refining Fatality Rate Contractor: 0.00   
Discussion of management systems used to 
integrate a culture of safety
EM-RM-320a.2 ESG Report (pages 26 to 36)
Management 
of the Legal & 
Regulatory 
Environment
Discussion of corporate positions related 
to government regulations and/or policy 
proposals that address environmental and 
social factors affecting the industry
EM-RM-530a.1 2022 TCFD Report  
2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K , Item 1A (pages 18-32)
Critical 
Incident Risk 
Management
Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for 
Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) of 
greater consequence (Tier 1) and lesser 
consequence (Tier 2)
EM-RM-540a.1 Tier 1 process safety: 0.08 
Tier 2 process safety: 0.18    
Activity Metric Refining throughput of crude oil and other 
feedstocks
EM-RM-000.A 1,077.8 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE)
Refining operating capacity EM-RM-000.B 3.15 million barrels per calendar day (MBPD)

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   77
Due to lack of data, relevancy in our business or competitive nature, as applicable, we have 
opted for not disclosing the following topics:
• Product Specifications & Clean Fuel Blends, Percentage of Renewable Volume Obligation 
(RVO) met through: (1) production of renewable fuels and (2) purchase of “separated” 
renewable identification numbers (RIN), code EM-RM-410a.1.
• Product Specification & Clean Fuel Blends, total addressable market and share of market 
for advanced biofuels and associated infrastructure, code EM-RM-410a.2.
• Pricing Integrity & Transparency, code EM-RM-520a.1.
• Critical Incident Risk Management - Challenges to Safety Systems indicator rate (Tier 3), 
code EM-RM-540a.2.
• Critical Incident Risk Management - Discussion of measurement of Operating Discipline 
and Management System Performance through Tier 4 Indicators, code EM-RM-540a.3.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
EM-RM-110a.1:
• Valero's refining reportable segment (see our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 
7), includes the operations of our 15 petroleum refineries, the associated activities to 
market our refined petroleum products and the logistics assets that support those 
operations (refining logistics assets). Scope 1 GHG emissions from the 15 petroleum 
refineries follow regulatory reporting obligations under U.S. 40 CFR Part 98 (Subparts C, 
P, Y and PP); Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) 2018/2066 of 19 December 2018 
on the monitoring and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions pursuant to Directive 
2003/87/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council; and Quebec – Q-2, r. 15 - 
Regulation respecting mandatory reporting of certain emissions of contaminants into the 
atmosphere, respectively. 
• Scope 1 emissions from the associated activities to market our refined petroleum products 
and the logistics assets that support those operations are de minimis and account for less 
than 0.2% of the refining reportable segment.
• Scope 1 GHG emissions related to the ethanol and renewable diesel segments of 2.1 million 
metric tons CO2e are excluded in this disclosure, as they are not applicable to the SASB 
framework in the Oil & Gas - Refining and Marketing industry standard. 
• Percentage of global refinery GHG emissions (Scope 1) covered under an emissions-
limiting regulation that is intended to directly reduce emissions, including the California 
Cap-and-Trade Program, the United Kingdom Emissions Trading Scheme, Quebec Cap- 
and-Trade System, and the U.S. federal New Source Review (NSR) permitting program for 
greenhouse gases.
EM-RM-110a.2:
• Base year (2011) includes:
• Refining Scope 1 emissions from the 15 refineries in our current portfolio. Sales, 
acquisitions and closures were accounted for following SASB guidelines in the 
calculation. 
• Refining Scope 2 market-based GHG emissions for purchased electricity and steam 
were calculated according to the GHG Protocol using EPA-derived steam emissions 
factors and energy supplier-specific emissions factors. Scope 2 location-based GHG 
emissions were also calculated following the GHG Protocol. 
• The accuracy and reliability of the data and information, as well as the conformance with 
the GHG Protocol, with respect to 2011 refining GHG emissions Scope 1 and 2 (market-based 
and location-based), were verified by Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance, Inc. (LRQA), an 
independent third-party and an affiliate of Lloyd’s Register North America, Inc. We intend 
to seek independent assurance statements on our refining Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
annually. Copies of independent third-party verifications and assurance statements can 
be found on our website at www.valero.com > Investors > ESG > Other Reports.
• Base year (2011) excludes Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions related to the ethanol and 
renewable diesel segments.
• Target years 2025 and 2035 and Performance to Date:
• In 2022, due to the early completion and start-up of renewable diesel plants in 
Louisiana and Texas as well as reductions of GHG emissions, our performance 
exceeded our short-term 2025 goal of reducing/displacing refining Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions by 63%, three years ahead of schedule.
• Estimated displacements of GHG emissions for future years are based on measured 
and estimated data with respect to the anticipated amount of low-carbon fuels 
produced, the level of global low-carbon fuels blending and the number of low-carbon 
fuels credits from low-carbon fuels, using currently available information and our 
estimations of anticipated carbon intensity as well as carbon capture and storage 
projects under evaluation. Calculations are based on life cycle analysis. 
• The initiatives included in the 2035 target are: 
(1) the absolute reduction of refining Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions (against 2011 base 
year). Estimated refining Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions are based on a combination of 
measured and estimated emissions data using available information, including the 
anticipated emissions reductions derived from operational improvements (Scope 1) 
and energy suppliers (Scope 2). Scope 1 and 2 disclosures are based on U.S. 40 CFR Part 
98 and the GHG Protocol, respectively. 
(2) the avoided GHG emissions resulting from the substitution of petroleum gasoline 
and diesel with the production of, blending of and credits from low-carbon fuels. The 
calculation of avoided GHG emissions follows life cycle analysis and is based on a 
combination of publicly reported low-carbon fuels production amounts of Valero’s 
ethanol and renewable diesel, low-carbon fuels blending of and the number of credits 
from low-carbon fuels, and the carbon intensity from low-carbon fuels we produce and 
sell or blend as well as from the low-carbon fuels we purchase and blend. 
• When calculating the avoided emissions from blending and to avoid double 
counting, our low-carbon fuel production that contributes to our blending obligation 
is excluded. 
(3) the reduction of carbon emissions using carbon capture and storage projects 
under development. 
• Carbon intensity estimations for actual progress and future years are based on 
market-based carbon intensity calculations based on the verifications and audits of 
applicable jurisdictions where these low-carbon fuels are sold as well as two sources 
of low-carbon life cycle GHG emissions analysis models, the California Air Resources 
Board’s CA-GREET3.0 used by California’s Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS); and the 
Argonne National Laboratory GREET3.0 2021 (ethanol) and 2019 (biodiesel) models and 
published papers.
• As the operator of the consolidated entity (Standards Application Guidance -3.0 
Reporting Boundaries), avoided GHG emissions from the lower carbon intensity of 
renewable diesel include the entire production of renewable diesel of the consolidated 
entities.
• Independent verification statements for low-carbon fuels inventory and validation 
statement of the 2035 GHG emissions target can be found on our website at 
www.valero.com > Investors > ESG > Other Reports. 
Air Quality
EM-RM-120a.2: global refineries located in or near areas of dense population, which are 
defined as urbanized areas with a population greater than 50,000.
Water Management
EM-RM-140a.1: (1) Total fresh water withdrawn and used by refining operations (fresh water 
with less than 1000 parts per million of dissolved solids); (2) water recycled divided by the 
volume of fresh water withdrawn. Water reused multiple times is counted as recycled each 
time it is recycled and reused; (3) fresh water withdrawn in locations with high (40-80%) or 
extremely high (>80%) baseline water stress as a percentage of the total refinery fresh water 
withdrawn.
EM-RM-140a.2: In measuring the number of instances of non-compliance in any calendar 
year that resulted in formal enforcement actions we look to the views of the SEC and define 
such number to be the amount of environmental proceedings which occurred during that 
calendar year that are (i) based on non-compliance with water quality permits, standards 
or regulations and (ii) required to be disclosed pursuant to Regulation S-K 103 (applying the 
lowest numerical disclosure threshold in effect at the time). Please see Valero’s Quarterly 
Reports on Form 10-Q and 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Hazardous Materials Management
EM-RM-150a.1:
• Hazardous waste amounts based on calculated dehydrated hazardous constituents from 
wastewater disposed in underground injection controls at our McKee refinery.
EM-RM-150a.2:
• Valero currently has 6 operating refining USTs none of which had any known releases 
or reimbursement fund claims during the reporting period. Valero also owns 20 retail 
USTs that are independently operated by third parties. While Valero does not operate 
those USTs, Valero is not aware of any releases or reimbursement fund claims related 
to these USTs during the reporting period. Valero also brands independently owned and 
operated service stations that may have USTs but Valero is not involved in the operation 
or remediation obligations of such USTs. Finally, Valero has, in certain circumstances, 
assumed or retained liability for legacy service stations sites, which may have remedial 
obligations but any related USTs remaining at those sites are owned and operated by a 
third party who is responsible for their operation.
Workforce Health & Safety
EM-RM-320a.1: (1)(a)/(b) global refining employee and contractor total recordable incident 
rate (TRIR), which includes recordable injuries per 200,000 working hours, as defined by the 
U.S. Department of Labor’s Occupational Safety and Health Administration; (2)(a)/(b) fatality 
rate for work-related fatalities for global refining employees and contractors; (3) NMFR data 
is not available.
Critical Incident Risk Management
EM-RM-540a.1: global refining Tier 1 process safety event (PSE) rates and Tier 2 PSE rates as 
defined by the API RP-754.
Activity Metric
EM-RM-000.A and EM-RM-000.B: total combined average throughput volumes on an annual 
basis (See Valero’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 47).
Global Footnotes for SASB Data
(a) The performance data presented is based on the company’s interpretation and judgment 
of the SASB framework in the Oil & Gas – Refining & Marketing industry standard. References to 
specific SASB Code numbers do not indicate the application of any or all definitions, metrics, 
measurements, standards or approaches set forth in the SASB framework.
(b) SASB standards are not intended to, and cannot, replace any legal or regulatory 
requirements that may be applicable to the company’s operations.

78
1  Carbon intensities for ethanol and renewable diesel are benchmarked against 
gasoline and petroleum diesel, respectively. Carbon intensity of gasoline and diesel 
are approximately 100 gCO 2e/MJ based on the life cycle analysis models sourced 
from Argonne  National Laboratory and California Air Resources Board. The carbon 
intensity of Valero's ethanol is up to 70 gCO 2e/MJ, which results in at least 30% lower 
life cycle GHG emissions, compared with petroleum gasoline. The carbon intensity 
of Valero's renewable diesel can be as low as 20gCO 2e/MJ, which results in up to 80% 
lower life cycle emissions, compared with petroleum diesel.
2 Industry benchmarking and Valero’s performance statistics from Solomon 
Associates and Valero. Personnel index represents annual total company staff 
and contractor work hours per refinery equivalent distillation capacity (EDC). EDC 
is a measure that equalizes complexity differences among refineries in order 
to compare performance. Maintenance index represents the sum of the non-
turnaround maintenance costs per EDC and the annualized turnaround costs per 
EDC. 2018 is the most reliable industry data set, as the results of Solomon’s 2020 Fuels 
Study were impacted by COVID-19-related demand destruction. The 2022 Fuels 
Study is expected to be available later in 2023.
3  Refining peer group includes PSX, MPC, DINO, and PBF. 2021 refining cash operating 
expenses per barrel of throughput include impacts from Winter Storm Uri.
4  Free cash flow is defined as net cash provided by operating activities less capital 
expenditures of VLO and DGD, deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures, 
investments in joint ventures, and changes in current assets and liabilities. Average 
free cash flow reflects 2012 through the 2022 Form 10-K filing. Refining peer group 
includes PSX, MPC, DINO, and PBF.
5  Third-party scenarios and other third-party reports or data discussed in this 
document reflect the modeling, beliefs, assumptions and outputs of their respective 
authors, not Valero, and their use, reference to, or inclusion herein is not an 
endorsement by Valero of their underlying assumptions, likelihood or probability. 
Any reference to Valero's support of, alignment with, work with, or collaboration 
with a third-party organization within this document does not constitute or 
imply an endorsement by Valero of any or all of the positions or activities of such 
organization.
6  EV's average carbon intensity in the U.S. is calculated using the U.S. Department 
of Energy, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Vehicle Technologies 
Office, FOTW #1208, Oct 18, 2021; and other EV's life cycle analysis calculations 
conducted internally by Valero.
7  Half of the SAF project's estimated cost of $315 million is attributable to Valero.
8  Worldwide low carbon fuel standard programs prefer life cycle GHG emissions 
analysis over the traditional Scope 1, 2 and 3 metrics. 
9  Based on data from the U.S. Department of Energy, agency websites and industry 
consultants.
10  International Energy Agency (2021), The Role of Critical Minerals in Clean Energy 
Transitions, IEA, Paris. And IEA (2022), Global Supply Chains of EV Batteries, IEA, Paris 
https://www.iea.org/reports/global-supply-chains-of-ev-batteries, License: CC BY 4.0.
11  Jenkins Jr., H., July 18, 2023, Of EVs and Heat Waves. The Wall Street Journal.
12  National Renewable Energy Laboratory, June 2023, "The 2030 National Charging 
Network: Estimating U.S. Light-Duty Demand for Electric Vehicle Charging 
Infrastructure."
13  Pew Research Center, June 2023, "Majorities of Americans Prioritize Renewable 
Energy, Back Steps to Address Climate Change."
14  S&P Global Commodity Insights, May 2023. Tracking battery-electric vehicle prices - 
2023 update.
15  International Energy Agency (2021), Net Zero by 2050. A Roadmap for the Global 
Energy Sector, IEA, Paris, last updated July 2021 (3rd version). All rights reserved.
16  U.S. Light-Duty Vehicle (LDV) Life Cycle Emissions study conducted by Southwest 
Research Institute – “Life Cycle Analysis Report” (2022) based on simulations 
performed using the GREET life cycle analysis tool. LDV with 12 year life and 160,000 
miles travel, renewable diesel emissions are based on 100% waste oil based 
renewable diesel blend, electricity based on 2019 EIA average mix, and no battery 
replacement for 300 mile range electric vehicle. Vehicle class mix of 30% sedans, 
20% crossovers, and 50% pickup/SUV trucks. Embedded emissions captures the 
emissions involved in the manufacturing, assembly, and production of the vehicle 
as well as maintenance items over the lifetime of the vehicle i.e. battery, fluids, ADR 
(assembly, disposal, and recycling), and components.  
U.S. Heavy-Duty Long-Haul Vehicle (HDV) Life Cycle Emissions study conducted by 
Southwest Research Institute – “Life Cycle Analysis Report” (2022). Class 8 heavy-
duty truck with a 1,000,000-mile (~15 years) lifetime, electric truck with a 500-mile 
battery range, electricity based on 2019 EIA average mix, one battery replacement, 
and diesel engine running on 100% waste oil based renewable diesel. Embedded 
emissions capture the emissions involved in the manufacturing, assembly and 
production of the vehicle as well as maintenance items over the lifetime of the 
vehicle such as battery, fluids, ADR (assembly, disposal and recycling), and 
components.
17  We believe our targets and 2050 ambition related to GHG emissions reductions/ 
displacements reflect our current business strategy and related projections, 
estimates and assumptions, and are reasonable as of the date this document 
is published, but they should not be considered guarantees. As our business or 
applicable methodologies, processes, assumptions, standards, or regulations 
develop and evolve, we may revise or cease reporting or using certain disclosures 
and methodologies, including our current GHG targets and 2050 ambition, if we 
determine that they are no longer advisable or appropriate. See Forward-Looking 
Statements at the beginning of this document.
18  A total of 24.2 million MT of CO 2e were reduced and displaced in 2022, including 
absolute reductions of Scope 1 and 2 as well as avoided emissions from the use of 
low-carbon fuels that substituted fuels from other refining producers. Based on this 
result, the 2025 GHG Emissions target was achieved and surpassed, three years 
early. See code EM-RM-110a.2 of the SASB Report in this document for details.
19 See code EM-RM-110a.2 of the SASB Report in this document for details.
20 Valero's 2050 GHG ambition to reduce and displace more than 45 million MT CO 2e 
of companywide Scope 1, 2, 3 and 4 emissions includes absolute refining emissions 
reductions, avoided emissions from the production and blending obligations of 
low-carbon fuels, and emissions reductions from CCS. Calculations for 
avoided emissions are detailed on footnote 22. Valero’s 2022 companywide 
Scope 1 and 2 of 32.17 million MT CO 2e includes GHG emissions related to our 
Refining, Ethanol and Renewable Diesel segments. Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
attributed to Ethanol and Renewable Diesel in 2022 were 2.40 million MT CO 2e 
and 0.15 million MT CO 2e, respectively. Refining emissions are provided in the 
Environmental Metrics table on page 19.
21 Valero's Scope 3 intensity (equivalent to category 11) represents the GHG 
emissions that result from the complete combustion of each petroleum 
product and natural gas liquid produced, used as feedstock, imported, or 
exported during the calendar year per barrel of refining throughput, ethanol 
production and renewable diesel sales. GHG emissions from the use of these 
products were calculated based upon the carbon content of each material 
according to U.S. 40 CFR Part 98 (Subpart MM) and we included the GHG 
emissions reductions from low-carbon fuels displacement of petroleum fuels 
(avoided emissions) and carbon capture. Calculations for avoided emissions 
are detailed in footnote 22. GHG emissions from the use of products for the 
refineries in Canada and the U.K. were calculated in conformance with U.S. 
40 CFR Part 98 (Subpart MM). Energy densities and emissions factors were 
sourced from the CA-GREET3.0 model and U.S. 40 CFR Part 98 (Subpart 
MM), respectively. Peer group consists of publicly listed independent pure 
play refiners. Scope 3 intensity for the peer group was calculated using 
company reported 2022 GHG emissions, if publicly available, or otherwise 
2021 GHG emissions (latest reported GHG emissions) under the U.S. 40 CFR 
Part 98 (Subpart MM), including avoided emissions from low-carbon fuels, 
if publicly available or based on assumed 2021 U.S. national averages of 
blending and credits for 10.3% ethanol and 4.6% for biodiesel and renewable 
diesel (sourced from the U.S. Energy Information Administration's Monthly 
Energy Review) divided by total refining throughput, and actual ethanol, 
biodiesel and/or renewable diesel production as disclosed in publicly 
available financial statements for the same year as the peer latest reported 
GHG emissions. There is not currently any standardized methodology for 
calculating Scope 3 emissions, and the inherent unreliability of Scope 3 
calculations renders such metric of limited value. Scope 3 intensity itself is 
not based on any standardized industry methodology and is not necessarily 
calculated in the same manner or comparable to similarly titled measures 
presented by other companies, including the peer group, or estimates 
published by third parties.
22  Calculations for avoided emissions, commonly known as Scope 4, were 
informed by the GHG Protocol for Project Accounting, and are based 
upon Valero's total production of, blending of and credits from ethanol, 
and sales of, blending of and credits from renewable diesel, renewable 
naphtha, and biodiesel. The low-carbon fuels volumes were converted to 
energy-equivalent volumes of the corresponding petroleum products and 
multiplied by the emissions factors of the petroleum fuels. When projected 
SAF production was included, an energy-equivalent volume of jet fuel 
was multiplied by its corresponding emission factor. Energy densities and 
emissions factors were sourced from the CA-GREET3.0 model and U.S. 40 CFR 
Part 98 (Subpart MM), respectively. Cumulative avoided emissions since 2009 
include our ethanol and renewable diesel production. As the operator of the 
consolidated entity (SASB's Standards Application Guidance 3.0 Reporting 
Boundaries), avoided GHG emissions from the lower carbon intensity of 
renewable diesel include the entire production of renewable diesel of the 
consolidated entities.
23 Based on EPA's WaterSense average U.S. household consumption.
24 Refining industry employees (U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, year 2021).
25 Incidents reclassified in 2022 (post publication of the 2022 ESG Report) resulted 
in a slight adjustment of this metric.
26 Global refining Tier 1 process safety event (PSE) rate and Tier 2 PSE rate as 
defined within API Recommended Practice 754.
27 The Environmental Justice Audit Report can be found on our website at Valero.
com > Investors > ESG > Reports and Presentations.
28 Includes funds donated by Valero and the Valero Energy Foundation.
29 2023 Proxy Statement, page 89.
30 Responses were given by employees in different company surveys, including 
the 2022 Annual Benefits Statement Survey, 2023 Valero Fitness Center Survey 
and 2023 Employee Wellness Center Survey (Field).
31  Unless otherwise noted, workforce data reflects Valero’s global population as of 
December 31, 2022.
32 Voluntary turnover rate, excluding retirement. Data reflects significant efforts 
to close the gender gap in attrition over the past five years (5.6% for women vs. 
4.7% for men).
33 Average includes salary, health and wellness benefits, financial benefits and 
other incentives.
34 Valero's total investment in global employees includes direct compensation; 
bonus payments; incentive stock awards; employee benefits, including 
retirement, medical and welfare benefits as well as other employment-related 
investments and expenses. 
35 McAllister, K., Rattner, N., Francis, T., June 29, 2023, Want a job that pays 
$200,000? See how much the biggest companies pay. The Wall Street Journal.
36 Includes training related to regulatory compliance, leadership and other topics.
37 Nasdaq; LSEG. As of the second quarter of 2023.
38 Measurements reflect our reasonable determinations based on available 
data and information regarding the composition and holdings of our 
stockholders over the course of our engagement efforts in 2022.
39 Beginning with 2023 grants, relative TSR performance for Valero’s 
performance shares was set at above the median of the peer group.
40 See the Corporate Governance Guidelines in our website for more details on 
our Stock Ownership and Retention Guidelines.
Notes

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   79
Free Cash Flow 
Valero defines free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures of Valero and DGD, deferred turnaround and 
catalyst cost expenditures, investments in joint ventures, and changes in current assets and liabilities. Valero believes that the presentation of 
free cash flow provides useful information to investors in assessing Valero’s ability to cover ongoing costs and Valero’s ability to generate cash 
returns to stockholders. The GAAP measures most directly comparable to free cash flow are net cash provided by operating activities and net 
cash used in investing activities.
Capital investments attributable to Valero
Capital investments attributable to Valero is a non-GAAP financial 
measure that reflects our net share of capital investments and 
is defined as all capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and 
catalyst cost expenditures, and investments in nonconsolidated 
joint ventures, excluding the portion of DGD’s capital investments 
attributable to the other joint venture member and all of the capital 
expenditures of other consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs).
We are a 50 percent joint venture member in DGD and consolidate 
its financial statements. As a result, all of DGD’s net cash provided 
by operating activities (or operating cash flow) is included in our 
consolidated net cash provided by operating activities. DGD’s 
members use DGD’s operating cash flow (excluding changes in its 
current assets and current liabilities) to fund its capital investments 
rather than distribute all of that cash to themselves. Because DGD’s 
operating cash flow is effectively attributable to each member, only 
50 percent of DGD’s capital investments should be attributed to our 
net share of capital investments. We also exclude all of the capital 
expenditures of other VIEs that we consolidate because we do not 
operate those VIEs.  We believe capital investments attributable to 
Valero is an important measure because it more accurately reflects 
our capital investments.
Capital investments attributable to Valero should not be considered 
as an alternative to capital investments, which is the most 
comparable GAAP measure, nor should it be considered in isolation 
or as a substitute for an analysis of our cash flows as reported under 
GAAP. In addition, this non-GAAP measure may not be comparable to 
similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may 
define it differently, which may diminish its utility. See page 58 of 2022 
Form 10-K for more information.
Reconciliation of Total Capital Investments to Capital 
Investments Attributable to Valero (in millions)
Year ended 
December 31, 
2022
Capital expenditures (excluding VIEs)     $ 788
Capital expenditures of VIEs:
DGD     $ 853
Other VIEs     $ 40
Deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures 
(excluding VIEs)  $ 1,030
Deferred turnaround and catalyst cost expenditures of 
DGD     $ 26
Investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures     $ 1
Total capital investments  $ 2,738
Adjustments:
DGD's capital investments attributable to our joint 
venture member     $ (439)
Capital expenditures of other VIEs     $ (40)
Capital investments attributable to Valero  $ 2,259
Non-GAAP Disclosures
Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Under GAAP to Free Cash Flow (in millions)
Year Ended December 31,
2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022
Net cash provided by operating 
activities $5,270 $5,564 $4,241 $5,611 $4,820 $5,482 $4,371 $5,531 $948 $5,859 $12,574
Less:  Capital expenditures of VLO and 
DGD 2,931 2,121 2,153 1,618 1,278 1,353 1,628 1,769 1,537 1,555 1,641
Less:  Deferred turnaround and 
catalyst cost expenditures 479 634 649 673 718 523 915 780 648 793 1,056
Less:  Investments in joint ventures 57 76 14 141 4 406 181 164 54 9 1
Less:  Changes in current assets and 
current liabilities (302) 922 (1,810) (1,306) 976 1,289 (1,297) 294 (345) 2,225 (1,626)
Free cash flow $2,105 $1,811 $3,235 $4,485 $1,844 $1,911 $2,944 $2,524 ($946) $1,277 $11,502
Total free cash flow, 2012 – 2022 $32,692
Number of years 11
Average free cash flow, 2012 – 2022 $2,972

80
Valero Energy Corporation  
P.O. Box 696000, San Antonio, TX 78269
Valero.com
RIGHT NOW 
AT VALERO
RENEWABLE 
DIESEL
ETHANOL SUSTAINABLE 
AVIATION FUEL
LOW-CARBON 
HYDROGEN
RENEWABLE 
PROPANE
RENEWABLE 
NAPHTHA
RENEWABLE 
ARCTIC  
DIESEL
FIBER 
CELLULOSIC 
ETHANOL
CARBON 
CAPTURE AND 
STORAGE
Printed in the U.S.A.
Digital Copy
Watch our  
RIGHT NOW Videos