Sustainability Report
2022 Devon Energy

THE OVERVIEW SECTION INCLUDES
About This Report 2
CEO Letter 4
Message from Our Board 6 
Report Summary 7
Performance Targets 8 
and Progress
Operations Overview 9
THE REPORTING SECTION INCLUDES
Performance Metrics 65
Reporting Frameworks 67
1 
Contents
EnvironmentOverview
THE ENVIRONMENT SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 12
Climate Change 17
Air Emissions 19
Water Management 24
Land Conservation  26 
and Biodiversity 
Waste Management 28
Spill Prevention 29
Workforce
THE WORKFORCE SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 60
Our Employee Experience 61
Diversity, Equity  63
and Inclusion
Governance
THE GOVERNANCE SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 40
Corporate Governance 41
Enterprise Risk  44 
Management
Shareholder Engagement 45
Public Advocacy 46
Ethics and Integrity 48
Safety & Security
THE SAFETY & SECURITY SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 31 
Workforce Safety 32
Cybersecurity 37
Emergency Preparedness 38
Social
THE SOCIAL SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 50 
Community Engagement 51
STEM 53
Philanthropy 56
Human Rights 58
Continuing Commitments. We’re proud to highlight our efforts to 
set high standards as a neighbor, community partner, environmental 
steward and employer.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview

2 
About This Report
Devon Energy (NYSE: DVN) is pleased to present 
our 2022 Sustainability Report highlighting our 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
performance and our ongoing efforts to improve  
in all these areas. We’re driven to deliver  
industry-leading results while being a good 
neighbor, valued and effective community partner, 
responsible environmental steward and supportive, 
caring employer.
On January 7, 2021, Devon Energy and WPX Energy completed 
our merger of equals. We’re proud to be a leader in the energy 
industry, producing oil and natural gas that are essential to lives 
and livelihoods around the world. Oil and natural gas allow us 
to house and feed our families, heat and cool our indoor spaces, 
travel, manufacture necessities and carry out other essential 
activities. Devon produces valuable commodities that are 
fundamental to society, and we do so in a safe, environmentally 
responsible and ethical way, while striving to deliver strong 
returns to shareholders.
Based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Devon employs about 
1,600 people. Every day, our actions are guided by our values of 
integrity, relationships, courage and results as we work to earn 
our social license to operate and the trust of our stakeholders. 
We believe these values are core to being a cohesive company, 
making a positive and sustainable impact.  
Our company
Unless otherwise noted, the information in this report is 
pro forma for the combination of Devon and WPX for 2019, 
2020 and 2021 and applies to operated assets under each 
company’s control in the U.S. Certain metrics and results 
that apply to only one of the legacy companies will be 
noted as such.
Devon’s values
Relationships
We are caring, connected and 
supportive of our employees 
and stakeholders and succeed 
as one team.
Integrity
Openness and honesty 
unite us and are at the core 
of everything we do.
Courage
We take intelligent risks 
and share our successes 
and failures to continuously 
improve.
Results
We always seek to 
achieve better results 
and make a positive  
and sustainable impact.
Our values naturally build on one another to achieve results.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Devon is committed to continuously improving our ESG 
performance and communicating it transparently. We 
invite you to provide your feedback on how we’re doing  
by using our stakeholder contact portal.
CONTACT US

3 
Note that the concept of materiality used to prepare this report is not meant to correspond with the 
concept of materiality associated with disclosures required by the SEC. We applied the IPIECA/API/IOGP 
sustainability reporting guidance (4th edition, 2020) definition of materiality: 
Any topic that — in the view of management or stakeholders — significantly 
affects the company’ s performance and informs external opinion. They 
tend to be issues that most affect value creation and the economic and 
reputational resilience of a company in a positive or negative way . 
About This Report continued
Materiality assessment
This report reflects our commitment to accountability and 
transparent reporting of our ESG progress. It covers the most 
material policies, programs and performance related to our 
ESG efforts, as determined in a comprehensive materiality 
assessment completed in the second quarter of 2022 to identify 
the most relevant and impactful performance areas for Devon 
and our key stakeholders.  
The materiality assessment, facilitated by a third-party ESG 
consultant, followed a process recommended by the Oil and 
Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary Sustainability Reporting, 
published jointly by the International Petroleum Industry 
Environmental Conservation Association (IPIECA), the American 
Petroleum Institute (API) and the International Association of 
Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP). The assessment process included:
    In-depth, one-on-one interviews with Devon’s chief 
executive officer, chief operating officer and other executive 
committee members
    One-on-one interviews with key external stakeholders
    Survey of internal subject matter experts and key ESG 
reporting stakeholders
    Peer benchmarking
    Reporting framework gap analysis
    Review of external stakeholder materials, such as 
assessments from Sustainalytics, ISS, Moody’s Vigeo Eiris, 
RobecoSAM and others 
The process also included a full-day, in-person workshop at 
Devon’s corporate headquarters. Participants included leaders 
of Devon’s operations, sustainability, environmental, safety, 
corporate governance, investor relations, human resources, 
legal, corporate communications, community relations, 
Identify
    List all potential issues, both 
existing and emerging
   List input sources
    Gather company input and 
indirect stakeholder input
    Update issues list based  
on input
Prioritize
    Prioritize material issues
    Determine prominence 
 within the report
Check
Confirm adequacy:
   Balanced reporting
    Issue completeness
Disclose
    Outline the process
    Set out the material issues
Review
     Seek immediate feedback
    Identify improvement 
actions for the next report
Materiality  
Cycle
accounting, enterprise risk management and internal audit 
departments. Leaders identified key stakeholders and material 
areas for reporting and mapped them on a materiality 
matrix. The workshop included discussion and agreement on 
Devon’s refreshed ESG reporting vision, strategy and guiding 
principles for future reporting.
Devon evaluated common reporting frameworks, including 
those of IPECA, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB), the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDG) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) proposed 
rule for Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related 
Disclosures for Investors was also reviewed. Based on this 
evaluation, the contents of this report are mapped to IPIECA, 
TCFD, SASB, SDGs and the American Exploration and 
Production Council (AXPC) Framework. 
Based on this assessment process, this report focuses on the 
following top material areas of Devon’s ESG performance: 
emissions, climate change, public advocacy, corporate 
governance/enterprise risk management, water, workforce 
safety, cybersecurity, and diversity, equity and inclusion 
(DEI). Additional topics of reporting interest to Devon and 
our stakeholders include: land conservation/biodiversity, 
stakeholder engagement, corporate culture/human capital, 
employee retention, road safety and driving, emergency 
preparedness, spill prevention and communities/giving.  
The 2022 materiality assessment built on the initial materiality 
assessment completed in 2018, as well as periodic reviews 
of material areas in subsequent years to help ensure 
our reporting remained relevant and meaningful for our 
stakeholders.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview

CEO Letter
Building momentum for the future
I’m proud of what the Devon team accomplished in 
2021 and our environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) momentum. After merging two legacy 
companies in January 2021, Devon became the #1 
performing stock on the S&P 500 by successfully 
executing our disciplined business model and creating 
value for our shareholders. Importantly, this was 
accomplished with integrity, including investing in and 
safeguarding our employees, being environmental 
stewards and supporting our communities. 
While celebrating the 50th year since Devon’s founding, we 
also explored what it will take to be a sustainable oil and 
natural gas producer for the next half century. It has become 
clear to us that the world needs an “all of the above” approach 
to energy production in order to meet growing global energy 
demand and to meet global climate change goals. The world 
also needs affordable, reliable and sustainable supplies of 
energy, including oil and gas, to meet this growing demand. 
Affordability, reliability and sustainability are equally important, 
and will have to be balanced with decarbonization efforts until 
alternative energy sources can be delivered consistently on 
a global scale. As the crisis in Ukraine and pandemic show, 
energy supply disruptions can cause severe impacts on the 
economic stability of our families, communities, nation and 
counterparts around the world.
Our core business of delivering responsibly produced oil 
and natural gas is not only sustainable, but essential to 
maintain our nation’s energy security and to improve the 
quality of human lives around the world. We are committed 
to producing low-cost, clean, safe and reliable energy 
to contribute to energy security and create shareholder 
value. Our employees, shareholders, contractors and other 
stakeholders hold us accountable for financial success, as well 
as for meeting expectations and targets for ESG performance 
and communicating our progress transparently.
Focusing on environmental targets
Devon takes the same disciplined, thoughtful approach to 
ESG performance that we take to operational, financial and 
strategic performance. To continuously improve, we set targets, 
apply technologies and best practices to meet them, measure 
progress and take intelligent risks based on what we learn. 
We also set annual corporate goals for environment, health 
and safety (EHS) and community engagement, enabling our 
employees to share in our success.
In June 2021, we set aggressive environmental targets to 
lower the carbon intensity of our operations and proactively 
address climate-related risks and opportunities. Our team 
quickly integrated data sets from both legacy companies 
and aligned to meet our targets. Through ongoing emissions 
reduction efforts, our company-wide greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based emissions 
fell by 19% and methane emissions fell by 13% compared to 
2020. Our flaring intensity is headed in the right direction, 
especially in the Delaware Basin and Williston Basin, 
falling 36% in 2021 to 0.9%. Devon is evaluating advanced 
technologies to help us keep detecting, measuring, mitigating 
and ultimately verifying our emissions performance as we 
advance toward our target of net zero GHG emissions for 
Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050. 
We have a target to use 90% non-fresh water in our most 
active Delaware Basin operating areas, where our use of 
recycled water increased 65% to 61 million barrels in 2021 
compared to 2020. Since 2015, Devon has reused over 200 
million barrels of water from our water treatment facilities.
Rick Muncrief 
President and CEO
Our core business of delivering 
responsibly produced oil and 
natural gas is not only sustainable, 
but essential to maintain our 
nation’ s energy security and to 
improve the quality of human  
lives around the world.
Our balanced approach to delivering sustainable energy the world needs
Key beliefs:
    Addressing climate change requires the world to  
decarbonize while at the same time ensure access  
to secure, affordable and reliable energy.
    Access to secure, equitable, affordable and reliable energy 
improves the quality of human lives around the world.
    The world needs an “all of the above” approach to energy 
production to meet the demands of a growing global 
population and lower carbon goals.
    Oil and natural gas can and must be part of any lower  
carbon future.
    As the world continues to change, Devon will adapt and evolve 
in a way that enables us to continue to be an industry leader.
    We are proud of the work we do and the way we do it.
Contribute to  
secure, affordable, 
reliable energy
Reduce the 
environmental impact 
of energy production
Generate 
long-term value for 
shareholders
Balanced
Approach
4 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview

5 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Supporting our employees and communities
To fulfill our social responsibility to keep our workforce safe, 
we focus on our safety culture and take steps to find and 
retain contractors who meet our high EHS standards and 
comply with our requirements. Thanks to a team effort, our 
2021 serious incidents and fatalities (SIF) rate of 0.07 per 
200,000 hours worked was 36% lower than our 2020 rate 
and surpassed our goal for the year. 
By taking ownership of our performance, Devon employees 
made our 2021 successes possible. We value our employees 
and will invest in their success to build the talented workforce 
our company needs in the future. The Devon leadership 
team is committed to balancing what our employees need 
as individuals with the best interests of our company, and to 
fostering a truly diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace 
where each employee feels a sense of belonging. 
Devon focuses on building strong, safe communities and 
an educated workforce where we live and work. In 2021, 
we expanded our established STEM (science, technology, 
engineering and math) education programs, and with valuable 
input from our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Team, 
made our first Inclusion and Equity Grants in Oklahoma City. 
The grant program was so successful that we more than 
doubled our total investment and added organizations in the 
New Mexico Delaware Basin in 2022. We continue to look 
for meaningful ways to have a positive impact on children, 
families and communities.
Challenging ourselves to do better
At Devon, we keep learning and do not resist progress. 
Engaging constructively with a wide range of stakeholders 
exposes us to ideas and solutions that help us improve. Our 
company is now one of the largest U.S. energy producers, and 
this brings new opportunities to listen, learn and share the 
Devon perspective. With our seat at the table, Devon is joining 
our industry in underscoring the need for clear and consistent 
energy policy and sensible regulations that allow us to deliver 
the affordable, accessible energy we’ll need for many decades. 
We’re committed to conducting our core business in the right 
way for the benefit of our stakeholders.
Devon has the full support of our board of directors to be 
innovative and take bold, progressive action. The board 
approved our ESG improvement targets, and its Governance, 
Environmental and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee maintains 
an ongoing dialogue with our subject matter experts about 
our performance against the targets. The board takes an 
active interest in how we’re developing our workforce for the 
future, in fact, all of our female directors are championing 
Devon’s women leaders through mentorship. We’re grateful 
for the board’s counsel and their confidence in our capabilities.
 
In our pursuit of ESG excellence, Devon is heading in the 
right direction. We’re making progress and preparing for a 
long future as a climate-conscious, low-cost, low-carbon 
energy producer. We know there’s more to do to safely 
and responsibly deliver energy needed for both the basic 
necessities of modern life and to raise the standard of living 
for millions of people worldwide. Devon employees embrace 
the possibilities.
Thank you for your interest in what Devon is doing 
to improve our environmental, social and governance 
performance. We take stakeholder feedback to heart and 
would appreciate your thoughts on this report to help us 
meet your information needs.
Sincerely,
Richard E. “Rick” Muncrief
President and CEO
 Through ongoing emissions 
reduction efforts, our company-
wide greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions for Scope 1 and Scope 2 
 location-based emissions fell by 
19% and methane emissions fell  
by 13% compared to 2020.
Flaring intensity
(% of natural gas produced)
2.21% 1.48 % 0.94%
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
36%
Direct and Indirect GHG 
Emissions 
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) 
(million tonnes CO2e)
4.91 4.23 3.42
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
19%
Methane 
(million tonnes CO2e)
0.99 0.52 0.45
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
13%
CEO Letter continued

6 
Message from Our Board
Meeting targets and stakeholder expectations
At Devon, we strongly believe that the company’s 
business performance builds from our environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) efforts. That’s why ESG 
topics are at the heart of our board’s deliberations. 
We are keenly focused on Devon’s efforts on 
environmental, safety, community and diversity, 
equity and inclusion initiatives. We review and 
measure the execution of our ESG initiatives and 
evaluate future actions. We are proud of our efforts 
and contend that the hard, creative work of our 
employees in these areas was a critical component 
in driving the company’s stock price performance to 
the top spot on the S&P 500 for 2021. 
Acknowledging that ESG views and priorities continually 
evolve, we welcome increasing stakeholder scrutiny in these 
areas. With ambitious goals in place, Devon is engaging 
with a broad spectrum of stakeholders, including many 
who have differing perspectives on how to reach climate 
change objectives. The board believes the resulting healthy 
dialogue deepens Devon’s understanding and strengthens 
the company for the future. 
The board and our Governance, Environmental and Public 
Policy (GEPP) Committee, in particular, view our ESG 
initiatives as critical opportunities for our company and 
our industry to remain essential contributors to the world’s 
energy needs. We believe that addressing ESG initiatives, 
particularly emissions reductions and workforce trends, is 
an imperative. We’ve endorsed and regularly monitor the 
company’s decarbonization targets, committing capital 
investments, technology deployments, on-going operational 
measures and enhanced internal resources to them. Devon’s 
pursuit of aggressive environmental targets is wholly 
compatible with delivering the strong business results that 
our shareholders expect.
Devon employees are dedicated to doing the right things 
with integrity. Diverse views and backgrounds lie at the 
heart of this company: without them, employees and 
contractors can’t challenge assumptions or share the bold 
ideas required in this swiftly changing industry. In our board 
and committee deliberations, we continually challenge how 
the company can foster a deeper commitment to a diverse, 
equitable and inclusive workplace. 
We believe that Devon — well into the future — will 
produce oil and natural gas in a safe, environmentally 
responsible, financially prudent and sustainable manner. The 
GEPP Committee invites you to share your feedback on how 
we can continue to improve our ESG efforts. Thank you for 
taking the time to learn about Devon’s focus in these areas, 
as we continue to deliver energy for the world’s needs.
Sincerely, 
 
Dave Hager 
Executive Chair 
 
Barbara M. Baumann  
Chair of Governance,  
Environmental and  
Public Policy Committee 
Dave Hager 
Executive Chair
Barbara M. Baumann 
Chair of Governance, Environmental,  
and Public Policy Committee 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview

7 
Report Summary
Safety & Security
Shared our safety culture with over 400 field-based employees 
and contractors in our Hearts and Minds workshops and 
onboardings.
    Prepared to implement an ESG module in our Veriforce 
c
ontractor compliance questionnaire to gauge our contractors’ 
alignment with our ESG priorities.
    Set 2022 corporate safety goals that account for 50% of the 
c
ompany’s ESG goal or 7.5% of the overall corporate scorecard.
Governance
    Increased board engagement and oversight of environmental 
t
argets and strategy, diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) and 
other ESG matters.
    Earned top-tier rankings among peer companies on major 
E
SG-focused surveys and assessments.
    Continued track record of increasing transparency on political 
a
ctivity and lobbying through our 2021 Political Activity and 
Lobbying Report.
    Engaged constructively with federal and state regulators, 
d
iverse stakeholders and thought leaders to broaden our 
perspectives on key public policy issues.
Social
   Invested nearly $3 million in STEM Education in 2021, an 
i
ncrease of 255% compared to 2020.
   Opened 108 STEM centers across our operating areas in 
p
artnership with the Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation.
   Impacted 80,200 students and 1,350 teachers through our 
S
TEM investments.
   Pledged up to $20 million for humanitarian efforts in Ukraine.
   Increased our Inclusion and Equity Grants to $268,000 for 
1
9 organizations in Oklahoma City and the Delaware Basin in 
southeast New Mexico for 2022.
Workforce
   Enhanced our paid time off practices to encourage and  
s
upport employees to take time off for health, personal 
and family needs.
   Increasing professional and leadership learning opportunities 
g
rounded in Devon’s values and employee feedback.
   Set a corporate performance scorecard goal to develop new 
r
elationships with charitable organizations involved in DEI 
programming.
   Increased transparency by disclosing our annual U.S. Equal 
E
mployment Opportunity (EEO-1) Report.
Reduction in our Serious Incident 
and Fatality (SIF) Recordable Rate 
in 2021 compared to 2020.36%
Environmental
Reduced Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions 
19% and methane emissions 13% in 2021 compared to 2020.
 
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based)     
(million tonnes CO2e)
Methane (million tonnes CO2e)
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Performance Targets and Progress
Devon’s ambitious environmental performance targets focus on 
further reducing the carbon intensity of our operations, minimizing 
freshwater use and engaging constructively with our value chain.
Other ESG-Related Publications
SEE OUR PROGRESS ON PAGE 8
2021 CLIMATE CHANGE ASSESSMENT REPORT
2021 POLITICAL ACTIVITY & LOBBYING REPORT
Climate Change  
Assessment Report
2021 Devon Energy
Contents
Message from the CEO 2
About This Report 3
About Devon 4
Governance and Risk Management 5
Business Strategy 7
Climate Change Resilience Analysis 9
Analytical Approach and Results of the Assessment 10
Climate-Related Risks, Mitigations and Opportunities 16
Metrics and Targets 22
TCFD Summary Table 24
Methodological Appendix 25
Disclaimer 26
2019
2020
2021
4.91
4.23
3.42
2019
2020
2021
0.99
0.52
0.45
2019
2020
2021
2.21%
1.48%
0.94%
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
   Used 61 million barrels of recycled water in 2021, an increase of 
65% compared to 2020.
   Became a founding sponsor of the Gas Technology Institute (GTI) 
Veritas initiative and joined the Oil & Gas Methane Partnership 
(OGMP 2.0).
   Enhanced our voluntary leak detection and repair (LDAR) 
program by committing to survey all of our producing assets with 
OGI cameras annually and an advanced aerial methane screening 
technology semi-annually, as well an installing continuous 
monitoring at 20% of our production in 2022.
   Set 2022 standalone emissions reduction goal that accounts for 
15% of the overall corporate scorecard. 
Reduced Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions 
intensity 19% and methane emissions intensity 16% in 2021 
compared to 2020.
Reduced flared volume intensity by 36% in 2021 compared 
to 2020.
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced)
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview

90%
NON-FRESHWATER USAGE
FOR COMPLETIONS IN MOST 
ACTIVE DELAWARE BASIN 
OPERATING AREAS
8 
Performance Targets and Progress
Devon has established aggressive environmental performance targets focused on 
reducing the carbon intensity of our operations, minimizing freshwater use and 
engaging constructively with our value chain. These targets reflect our dedication 
and commitment to achieving meaningful emissions reductions while pursuing our 
ultimate goal of net zero GHG emissions.
Flaring Intensity Water Performance
OVER 90%
Non-freshwater used in most active areas 
of the Delaware Basin in 2021
Value Chain Engagement
BEGINNING IN 2023
Devon contractors, who perform work on the 
company’s locations, will begin undergoing 
annual evaluations to assess their ESG 
performance in key areas.
Devon will continue evaluating how we can 
constructively engage stakeholders upstream 
and downstream of our operations to improve 
ESG performance across our value chain.
NET 
ZERO
GHG EMISSIONS FOR 
SCOPE 1 & 2 BY 2050
50%
REDUCTION IN GHG 
EMISSIONS INTENSITY  
FOR SCOPE 1 & 2 BY 2030
65%
REDUCTION IN METHANE 
EMISSIONS INTENSITY BY 2030
0.5%
OR LOWER FLARING 
INTENSITY BY 2025
ELIMINATE
ROUTINE FLARING 
BY 2030
ANNUAL 
ASSESSMENT
OF DEVON CONTRACTORS
IN KEY ESG PERFORMANCE 
AREAS BY 2023
Water Recycle Rate
(% recycled water Bbl/water usage Bbl)
GHG Emissions Intensity
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) (tCO 2e/MBoe)
18.20 15.27 12.33
2019 2020 2021
18.80
2019 2030
Baseline
Net Zero  
by 2050
50% Reduction   
by 2030 (from 2019 baseline)
Methane Emissions Intensity 
(Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)
3.65 1.94 1.62
2019 2020 2021
2.60
2019 2030
Baseline
65% Reduction   
by 2030 (from 2019 baseline)
2050
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Targets
Progress
24%
2019
38% 53%
2020 2021
Flared Volume
(BCF) 
18.4
2019
12.3 6.4
2020 2021
Flaring Intensity
 (% of natural gas produced)
2.21%
2019
1.48 % 0.94%
2020 2021 2025
By 2025
0.5%
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Note: See “Our baseline recalculation methodology” discussion on page 20.

9 
Operations Overview
Operational excellence and EHS
Devon Energy strives for sustainable growth 
by delivering oil and gas from our portfolio of 
premier assets in a disciplined, capital-efficient and 
responsible way. We give equal focus to operational 
excellence and our environmental, health and safety 
(EHS) performance to drive business progress and 
keep our social license to operate for decades to 
come. We’re guided by our values to always do 
what’s right, earn trust, take intelligent risks, and 
make a positive and sustainable impact.
Devon finds and produces oil, natural gas and natural gas 
liquids in the most prolific basins in the U.S. In 2021, we 
celebrated 50 years of helping to supply reliable, affordable 
energy, which enables us to create jobs, strengthen our 
communities, and contribute to local, state, federal and global 
economies. We’ve pioneered operational best practices, 
proactively applied advanced technologies, and adapted 
to evolving market conditions, regulations and stakeholder 
expectations. We do this while actively mitigating our 
environmental impacts, including setting and investing in 
meeting ambitious targets to reduce our methane emissions 
and address stakeholder concerns about climate change and 
other issues.
Our operating teams are accountable for superior operational 
execution, protecting people and the environment, and 
complying with all applicable laws, regulations and company 
policies. Through continuous improvement in operations and 
EHS performance, we’re able to increase efficiencies, lower 
costs and reduce our environmental impacts. To reinforce 
the importance of EHS results, we tie a portion of our annual 
compensation to achieving corporate EHS targets.
Our cross-functional EHS Council sets our strategy and 
priorities for improving EHS performance, and regularly 
communicates plans and progress with our operating teams. 
EHS professionals in our field operations support our teams 
with timely guidance and effective policies, protocols and 
practices. To safeguard our workforce, Devon’s operating 
teams work proactively to strengthen our safety culture,  
share lessons learned, identify trends, and track leading  
and lagging indicators. 
We evaluate and apply the latest technologies, tools and best 
practices to improve our environmental performance. One 
of our top priorities is to accurately measure and mitigate 
greenhouse gas (GHG) and methane emissions and meet our 
short- and long-term emission reduction targets. We have 
significantly reduced flared volumes from our operations and 
steadily increased the number of voluntary leak detection and 
repair (LDAR) surveys performed on equipment. Devon has 
reduced our need for freshwater in our highest-activity basins 
by increasing our recycling capacity and the volume  
of recycled water we use. We also seek to limit the use of 
freshwater as much as possible. 
Diversified portfolio across U.S. resource plays
Devon operates premier acreage positions with a deep, 
high-quality inventory of drilling locations. Our focused 
development plan centers on drilling activities in our 
core areas of the Delaware Basin of southeast New 
Mexico and west Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale in south 
Texas, the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, the Williston 
Basin in North Dakota and the Anadarko Basin in 
western Oklahoma. 
We’ve positioned Devon for sustainable growth through 
a disciplined, returns-driven strategy, significant 
financial strength and liquidity, and an advantaged 
dividend. Our commitment to environmental, social 
and governance (ESG) excellence supports our growth 
by keeping us focused on managing risk, operating 
responsibly and improving continuously.
ANADARKO 
BASIN
WILLISTON 
BASIN
DELAWARE 
BASIN
POWDER RIVER 
BASIN
EAGLE FORD
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview

10 Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Overview
Operations Overview  continued
Investing in innovation
As a long-time industry innovator, Devon invests in, develops, 
deploys and investigates advanced technologies to improve 
EHS performance and optimize production. Advanced 
emissions detection and quantification technologies will 
be a key component of our strategy for broader emissions 
reductions. We established a testing facility where we’re 
evaluating and comparing multiple technologies that would 
allow for faster detection and mitigation of methane emissions 
in an economically feasible way. We also explore methods to 
assess flare performance, identify beneficial uses of produced 
water beyond our industry and identify small fluid spills.
We invest in a dedicated technology team and embed 
technology professionals in our business units to align 
solutions to business needs. For example, our technology 
experts are collaborating with our operations and EHS 
teams to understand and apply the substantial amount of 
data generated by the emissions-related technologies we’re 
investigating. Our data science analytics team developed 
custom artificial intelligence models that evaluate multiple 
camera images of wellsites every hour to determine if the 
flaring equipment is functioning properly. If issues are 
detected, we can alert or dispatch an operator to take action. 
Devon also holds multiple patents related to drilling and 
completions operations, including the breakthrough in fracture 
diagnostics called sealed wellbore pressure monitoring.
Innovative approach to sourcing sand
Operational excellence requires controlling costs, which we’ve 
accomplished with operating margin improvements, drilling and 
completions efficiencies, and improved supply chain efficiencies 
from our enhanced operating scale. One of our recent supply 
chain improvements is a first-of-its-kind mobile sand mine 
for completions operations we developed on surface acreage 
we own in the Delaware Basin. This innovative approach to 
sourcing sand provides supply certainty and cost savings, and 
improves safety and emissions performance by reducing the 
number of sand trucks on roads and the combustion emissions 
associated with traditional mining practices.
Keeping people safe and protecting the environment is 
important to our daily operations, the long-term value of 
our company and our social license to operate. Devon takes 
ownership of our environmental, health, safety, operational 
and financial performance, and works every day to improve it. 
Additional information about Devon’s performance is 
available in our detailed quarterly earnings presentations.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

11 Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Environment 
Aiming for industry-leading performance
The Environment section of our 2022 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 12
Climate Change 17
Air Emissions 19
Water Management 24
Land Conservation 26  
and Biodiversity 
Waste Management 28
Spill Prevention 29
  
Resource Links:      
      2022 CDP Climate Response 
      2021 CDP Climate Score *
      2022 CDP Water Response 
      2021 CDP Water Score *
      2021 CDP Supplier Engagement Rating *
       2021 Climate Change  
Assessment Report 
       Environment, Health and Safety  
(EHS) Philosophy
       EHS protocols for business processes
      Reclamation Standard
      Basis of Reporting GHG Emissions
      Independent Assurance Statement
* Data reflects legacy Devon only
       
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Overview
To continuously improve our environmental performance, 
Devon is proactive and results-oriented. We consider 
the potential impacts of our operations when planning 
activities and making decisions. We strive to comply with 
all applicable environmental laws and regulations, often 
going above and beyond what’s required. In the process, 
we incorporate technology, tools and best practices to help 
minimize or avoid effects on air, water, land and wildlife.
Devon seeks to work with contractors who share 
our commitment to environmental stewardship. Our 
contractors must adequately train their personnel to 
perform environmentally sound work and have programs 
to comply with applicable environmental laws, rules 
and regulations. Contractors as well as employees have 
responsibility to stop work to prevent spills or other 
environmental issues. Starting in 2023, contractors who 
perform work on Devon locations will complete annual 
assessments to help us evaluate their environmental, social 
and governance (ESG) performance in key areas.
Devon is committed to doing what’s right for the environment. We want to be a good neighbor, a trusted partner and a responsible, competitive 
operator as we produce oil and natural gas to help meet global demand. We believe exemplary environmental performance is essential to managing 
risk and developing forward-looking business opportunities, with the aim of being successful throughout and beyond the energy transition.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Devon has established a track record of environmental 
performance improvements. To document progress on  
our long-standing priority to reduce our greenhouse gas 
(GHG) and methane emissions, we’ve responded to the  
CDP climate change survey for 18 consecutive years.
For almost two decades, we’ve been at the forefront 
of water conservation efforts in our industry, and have 
responded to CDP’s water survey since its inception nine 
years ago. Devon takes great care to preserve biodiversity 
and protect wildlife habitat and cultural resources in areas 
surrounding our operations.
Transparency is important to our stakeholders and keeps us 
accountable for our results. Devon tracks specific metrics 
for GHG and methane emissions, flaring, spills, energy 
use, water use and others. We’ve consistently increased 
our disclosures in recent years and continue to share this 
information in this report and other public disclosures. 
For additional metrics and details on our environmental 
practices, please refer to our Climate Change Assessment 
Report and CDP responses.
12 
Clean Water and Sanitation  
page 25
Life on Land 
page 27
Affordable and Clean Energy 
page 18
Partnerships for the Goals 
page 23
The United Nations has established 17 Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs).  They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action plan for 
organizations seeking to provide affordable energy, produced responsibly 
to protect the environment, while also promoting peace and prosperity for 
all people. In this report, we have identified a variety of Devon’s business 
activities that align with the U.N. SDGs. In the environment section, look for:
Taking Action
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
AIR
    Reduced Scope 1 and Scope 2 
location-based GHG emissions 
19% and methane emissions 13% 
in 2021 compared to 2020.
    Reduced Scope 1 and Scope 2 
location-based GHG emissions 
intensity 19% and methane 
emissions intensity 16% in 2021 
compared to 2020.
Direct and Indirect GHG 
Emissions 
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) 
(million tonnes CO2e)
4.91 4.23 3.42
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
19%
Methane 
(million tonnes CO2e)
0.99 0.52 0.45
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
13%
3-Year Trend
30%
3-Year Trend
55%
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions 
Intensity 
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based)  
(tCO2e/MBoe)
18.20 15.27 12.33
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
19%
Methane Emissions 
Intensity 
(Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)
3.65 1.94 1.62
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
16%
3-Year Trend
32%
3-Year Trend
56%

Overview continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Driving alignment 
Devon has a strong organization to manage environmental 
performance, from our board of directors to field-level 
environmental, health and safety (EHS) and operations 
teams. We’ve been bringing together our EHS and ESG core 
competencies and capabilities to drive alignment on our 
broader enterprise goals and objectives.  
Our governance practices and organizational structure 
elevate EHS oversight and discussions, including those 
related to climate change and the energy transition. In 2021, 
we recalibrated the board’s Governance Committee to 
become the Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy 
(GEPP) Committee to sharpen our focus on environmental 
policies and oversight of management’s efforts to integrate 
sustainability into our business activities. Through its role 
to nominate candidates for our board, the GEPP Committee 
establishes a close connection between corporate 
governance and sustainability. As a component of executive 
compensation, environmental results included in our 
corporate goals are reviewed by the board’s Compensation
Committee. In addition, at least five Devon directors have 
an educational background or direct work experience in 
environmental matters. 
At the executive level, Devon’s executive vice president 
and chief operating officer (COO) is accountable for our 
environmental programs and performance. To further 
emphasize results, in 2021 we appointed our first vice 
president of ESG and EHS, reporting to the COO. In early 
2022, we established our standalone ESG team of subject 
matter experts on sustainability and ESG, led by the new role 
of ESG manager. The team provides advisory support across 
Devon to continue making progress in ESG and sustainability. 
They engage with shareholders, nongovernmental 
organizations (NGO), policy makers and other external 
stakeholders to enhance our understanding of ESG risks and 
opportunities. Working in tandem with our environmental 
and operations personnel, the ESG team helps guide 
strategies to achieve our decarbonization targets. 
As a result of our organizational efforts, environmental 
objectives and targets are considered in capital allocation 
decisions, corporate and business unit planning, and team 
strategies to operationalize emissions reductions into the 
way we do business.
Taking Action continued
Devon’s environmental performance targets
We’re improving how we produce and deliver the oil and natural gas the world needs
NET ZERO
GHG emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by 2050
50%
Reduction in GHG emissions  
intensity for Scope 1 and 2 by 2030
65%
Reduction in methane  
emissions intensity by 2030
90%
Or higher non-freshwater usage for completions in 
our most active Delaware Basin operating areas
0.5%
Or lower flaring  
intensity by 2025
ELIMINATE
Routine flaring as defined by the  
World Bank by 2030
ENGAGE
Value chain in assessments of  
performance in key ESG areas by 2023
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        13 
AIR continued 
    Reduced flare volume intensity by 36%  
in 2021 compared to 2020.
    Issued our updated 2021 Climate Change 
Assessment Report aligned with the Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial  
Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations.
    Set ambitious targets to further reduce  
the carbon intensity of our operations, 
minimize freshwater use and engage 
constructively with our value chain.
    Became a founding sponsor of the Gas 
Technology Institute (GTI) Veritas initiative 
that seeks to demonstrate verifiable methane 
emissions reductions in a consistent, credible 
and transparent way.
    Joined the Oil & Gas Methane Partnership 
2.0 (OGMP 2.0) and committed to its 
globally recognized, gold standard reporting 
framework.
    Enhanced our voluntary leak detection and 
repair (LDAR) program by committing to 
survey all of our producing assets with OGI 
cameras annually and an advanced aerial 
methane screening technology semi-annually, 
as well an installing continuous monitoring at 
20% of our production in 2022.
WATER
    Used 61 million barrels of recycled water in 
2021, an increase of 65% compared to 2020.
    Since 2015, we have reused over 200 million 
barrels of water fromour water treatment 
facilities.
BIODIVERSITY
    Established Devon’s Biodiversity  
Council that develops and implements 
enterprise-wide standards and looks for 
opportunities to enhance biodiversity  
value of Devon-owned surface lands.
DEVON’S GOALS
    Set 2022 standalone emissions reduction  
goal that accounts for 15% of the overall 
corporate scorecard.
Flaring Intensity
(% of natural gas produced)
2.21% 1.48 % 0.94%
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
36%
3-Year Trend
57%

Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        14 
Overview continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Collaborations for progress
Our corporate value to build relationships is vital to 
improving our environmental performance. We engage  
with a variety of stakeholders to understand their 
perspectives on climate change, water use, seismicity, 
spills and other environmental issues. Devon teams up 
with industry trade associations, environmental nonprofit 
organizations, academic partners and innovative businesses 
to develop solutions. We remain committed to listening, 
collaborating, increasing transparency and doing our part  
to protect the environment.
   Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0
   GTI Veritas
   The Environmental Partnership
   The New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium
   Stanford Center for Induced and Triggered Seismicity
   Energy Water Initiative 
   U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
   U.S. Bureau of Land Management
   Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) Nation
   Columbia Center on Global Energy Policy
   Bipartisan Policy Center
   And others
Operations buy-in
The EHS Council, made up of Devon business unit and 
operations leaders, helps protect our social license 
to operate and advance our culture of environmental 
stewardship. The council sets environmental strategy and 
goals, tracks performance and evaluates the effectiveness 
of our environmental policies, protocols and practices. 
To continuously improve our performance, the group 
reviews environmental incidents and near misses, develops 
corrective actions as needed and shares best practices 
across Devon. Council members hold regular discussions 
with field production leaders to update them on rapidly 
evolving stakeholder expectations about climate change 
and environmental performance. 
The Devon EHS Management System, developed by the 
council, includes an environmental management element 
to drive program improvements and assessments. Our 
environmental professionals work closely with Devon 
leaders to promote and implement environmentally sound 
operations that comply with applicable laws, regulations 
and company policies.
To position Devon for long-term success, the council 
reviews emerging EHS and ESG issues, as well as proposed 
laws and regulations and their potential financial, 
operational and reputational impact on the company. 
The council drives industry-leading environmental 
performance by developing environmental goals that 
are approved by the board as part of our executive 
compensation formula. In 2021, we set goals to reduce 
flaring intensity, increase voluntary leak detection and repair 
(LDAR) surveys and lower our spill rate. The EHS team’s 
post-merger priorities included integrating environmental 
data and protocols from our two legacy companies, which it 
completed in the first quarter of 2022. Full implementation 
of our integrated environmental policies, protocols and 
practices is expected by year-end 2022.
Our 2022 corporate goals include a standalone emissions 
reduction goal with a 15% weighting and an ESG & 
community engagement goal with a 15% weighting—
together accounting for 30% of the company’s performance 
scorecard. Our corporate goals and medium- and long-term 
goals challenge Devon to improve our performance and 
hold us accountable for producing oil and natural gas in an 
environmentally responsible way.
Our environmental philosophy
Reduce emissions
Prevent pollution
Conserve water
Protect biodiversity
Mitigate risk
Track progress

Overview continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Taking ownership 
Our values, EHS Philosophy and operations standards 
emphasize that each Devon employee and contractor 
is responsible for taking ownership of environmental 
performance. We expect them to demonstrate care for 
the environment, plan ahead, participate in environmental 
programs, recognize positive attitudes and behaviors, and 
communicate openly.
We also enable every employee to share in our 
environmental achievements. Devon’s corporate scorecard 
includes annual environmental performance targets that 
affect every employee’s compensation. By surpassing our 
2021 goals to reduce flaring intensity and increase voluntary 
LDAR surveys, and partially meeting our goal to lower our 
spill rate, employees made a positive contribution to our 
EHS score and compensation. 
We’ve made progress in reducing air emissions, using less 
freshwater and more recycled water in our operations, 
preventing spills, protecting the land and improving 
transparency through reporting. We’re proud of what 
Devon has accomplished, but we know there’s more to learn 
and do to keep making progress.
Overview continued
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        15 
1  The environment metrics have been calculated using the best available data at the 
time of publication. Historical metrics are subject to change as we continuously 
seek to improve our data management practices, data sources, and calculation 
methodologies in order to provide the highest level of transparency, consistency 
and accuracy. We report environment metrics on an operated basis, unless 
otherwise noted.
2  We include all reportable emissions under EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting 
Program (GHGRP) for Devon operated facilities, as well as non-reportable 
emissions from our production assets and, beginning in reporting year 2019, 
gathering and boosting assets. We calculate emission intensities using gross 
production as reported under the EPA GHGRP for all reporting segments.
3  We calculate our Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use (Scope 2) on a 
location-based methodology using EPA fuel and electricity emissions factors.
4  We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products (Scope 3) on an equity 
basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon. To estimate our Scope 3 
emissions, we rely upon IPIECA’s 2016 guidance document Estimating Petroleum 
Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Per the IPIECA 
guidance, we report category 11 “Use of Sold Products” by calculating combustion 
emissions for our oil, natural gas and marketed natural gas liquids products using 
emission factors obtained from the EPA and net equity production reported in 
Devon’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
5  Performance is limited to legacy Devon performance only in 2019 and 2020 and 
pro-forma Devon + WPX in 2021, using net equity production reported in Devon’s 
2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K for all three years. 
6  Our methane emissions intensity rate calculation includes all natural gas produced 
at Devon operated facilities and all methane emissions from Devon operated 
facilities associated with the production of oil and natural gas.
    Click here to see Devon’s calculation methodology for methane emissions intensity
7  Our flaring intensity rate calculation includes high-pressure flared volumes 
associated with the production of oil and natural gas.
8  Our water usage includes all water sources used in completions activities at 
facilities operated by Devon in 2021.
9  Reportable spill events and volumes exclude a well-control event that occurred in 
2019.
3   ERM CVS provided limited assurance in relation to Devon’s Total Scope 1 GHG 
emissions and Total Scope 2 (location-based method) GHG emissions for the 
reporting period January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021. For more information see: 
Basis of Reporting GHG Emissions  
Independent Assurance Statement
Environment Performance Metrics1
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
2019 2020 2021
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) (million tonnes CO 2e)2 4.65 3.91 3.083
 By Constituent
Carbon Dioxide (million tonnes CO2e) 3.66 3.39 2.64
Methane (million tonnes CO2e) 0.99 0.52 0.45
Nitrous Oxide (million tonnes CO2e) 0.003 0.002 0.002
By Source
Flaring/Venting (million tonnes CO2e) 2.61 1.92 1.46
Combustion (million tonnes CO2e) 1.84 1.95 1.60
Other (million tonnes CO2e) 0.19 0.04 0.03
Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use  (Scope 2 location-based) (million tonnes CO 2e)3 0.27 0.32 0.343
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions  (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based)  (million tonnes CO2e)2,3 4.91 4.23 3.42
Direct GHG Emissions Intensity  (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 17.22 14.10 11.11
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions Intensity (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) (tCO 2e/MBoe)2 18.20 15.27 12.33
Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products  (Scope 3) (million tonnes CO2e)4,5 48 49 73
We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products on an equity basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon; however, it is important to note that Scope 3 
emissions estimates are subject to uncertainty, inconsistency and duplication as further described in the Air Emissions section of this report. In 2021,  Devon’s estimated Scope 
3 emissions increased, due to an increase in net equity production reported in Devon’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2019 and 2020 estimated Scope 3 emissions are 
legacy Devon only, while 2021 reflects pro-forma Devon + WPX.
Methane Emissions Intensity (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 3.65 1.94 1.62
Methane Emissions Intensity - Production Segment  (Scope 1) (% of natural gas produced) 6 0.31% 0.19% 0.18%
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced) 7 2.21% 1.48% 0.94%
Energy Used - Fuel and Electricity Use  (trillion BTU) 3 32.87 31.36 27.18
Water Usage (million Bbl) 8 141 98 116
    Recycled (million Bbl) 34 37 61
    Sourced (million Bbl) 107 61 55
Water Usage Intensity (Bbl/Boe produced) 8 0.5 0.3 0.4
Water Usage Intensity (million Bbl/well completion) 8 0.3 0.3 0.4
Water Recycle Rate (recycled water Bbl/water usage Bbl) 8 24% 38% 53%
Devon’s total water use for completions activities varies with activity levels, targeted formations and lateral lengths, and includes fresh, non-fresh and recycled water volumes. 
We seek alternatives to fresh water supplies, where possible.
 Reportable Spill Events Released to the Environment (events)9 336 246 280
 Reportable Spill Volumes Released to the Environment (barrels) 9 4,505 4,042 5,705
EXCEL DOWNLOAD

Overview continued
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        16 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
As Devon continues to evaluate, test and deploy innovative 
methane detection technologies, we are also developing best 
practices to operationalize the new data derived from these 
technologies and exploring how to demonstrate the progress we are 
making in a consistent, credible and transparent way.
Collaborating with industry to develop methane 
measurement and reporting methodologies
Working with leading companies that share our commitment to 
reducing methane emissions is critical for Devon and the broader 
industry as we seek to develop trusted methodologies for reporting 
methane emissions, incorporating the types of technologies that 
Devon and others in the industry are evaluating, testing and deploying.
Taking action to measure, report and mitigate methane emissions
Achieving meaningful reductions in methane emissions is a central 
component of Devon’s broader emissions reduction strategy. We are 
taking action to measure, report and mitigate methane emissions in 
a trusted and transparent way.
We are undergoing independent third-party verification of our 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions data, including 
methane emissions. We are evaluating, testing and deploying 
innovative methane detection technologies, as well as participating 
in industry-leading methane measurement and reporting initiatives.
Independently verifying our reported GHG emissions data
To bolster the credibility of Devon’s emissions reporting on which 
our emissions reduction targets are based, Devon engaged with 
ERM CVS to conduct independent third-party limited assurance of 
our Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions data, which 
includes methane, for the reporting year 2021.
See ERM CVS’s Independent Assurance Statement to learn more 
about the third-party verification process, including the conclusion 
from the verification process.
Evaluating, testing and deploying advanced  
methane monitoring technologies
Advanced methane detection and quantification technologies are 
evolving rapidly. Devon has a cross-functional team that evaluates 
emerging technologies that have the potential to be more effective 
at finding leaks over broader areas, allowing for faster detection and 
mitigation. The team is investigating advanced optical gas imaging 
(OGI) cameras, sensor-, camera- and laser-based continuous and 
near-continuous monitoring, and fixed-wing aircraft flyovers.
In 2021, Devon established an emissions monitoring test facility in 
the Anadarko Basin, near our corporate headquarters, which will 
play an important role in identifying which innovative technologies 
are viable candidates to incorporate more broadly across Devon’s 
various operating areas.
In 2022, we enhanced our leak detection and repair program with 
an aim to achieve the following for the year:
    Survey 100% of production facilities with OGI cameras  
at least once annually
    Survey 100% of production facilities with aircraft  
flyovers at least twice annually
    Install continuous emissions monitoring on 20% of production
Devon’s Methane  
Detection Test Facility
Three technology types are being tested
Fence Line Sensors
Laser-based sensors with  
onsite receptors - technology 1
Metal oxide sensor - technology 2
Metal oxide sensor - technology 3
Metal oxide sensor - technology 4
Metal oxide sensor - technology 5
Visual Imaging
Hyperspectral imaging -  
technology 6
Aerial Flyovers
LiDAR sensor attached to fixed  
wing aircraft - technology 7
GTI Veritas
In 2021, Devon become a founding sponsor of Veritas, a GTI Energy 
Methane Emissions Measurement and Verification Initiative. Veritas 
is the first-ever standardized, science-based, technology neutral, 
measurement-informed approach to calculating and reporting methane 
emissions along the natural gas supply chain from production all the 
way to distribution.
As a founding sponsor, we are working with GTI Energy to develop 
and test the protocols in a transparent process together with 
technical experts, leading academics, environmental NGOs, and 
companies. The widespread adoption of the Veritas protocols, once 
completed, across industry ensures that there is a consistent and 
transparent methodology for companies to calculate and report 
methane emissions. It also provides a standardized way of evaluating 
methane emissions monitoring and mitigation technologies.
The Veritas technical protocols currently under development cover 
six segments of the natural gas value chain and provide companies 
with guidance on how to measure methane emissions and how 
to reconcile their current emission-factor inventories with actual 
measurements.
Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0
In 2022, Devon joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 
2.0 (OGMP 2.0), a multistakeholder partnership to improve the 
accuracy and transparency of methane emissions reporting in 
the oil and gas sector. OGMP 2.0 is a voluntary, public-private 
partnership between the United Nations Environment Programme, 
the European Commission, the Environmental Defense Fund 
and over 80 oil and gas companies aimed at minimizing methane 
emissions from global oil and gas operations. Its work has helped 
to raise awareness of methane emissions and contributed to the 
growing priority of mitigation activities.
OGMP 2.0 is the only comprehensive measurement-based reporting 
framework covering all material sources of methane emissions from 
both operated and non-operated assets across all segments of the 
value chain. 
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
1
2
3
4
5
6
71
2 1 34
5
1
2
3
4
235 4

17 Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Devon is focused on producing reliable, affordable 
and accessible energy the world needs, while 
continuing to find ways to produce and deliver  
it more responsibly.  
The world relies on oil and natural gas to power the basic systems 
of our daily lives – transportation, heating and cooling, lighting, 
manufacturing, agriculture, telecommunications and technology. 
Many of the products we use every day are made from plastics 
and compounds derived from oil and natural gas, which also fuel 
the machinery to manufacture these materials.
At Devon, we’re proud to find and produce these valuable 
commodities and improve our way of life. Through the work our 
employees do every day, we contribute to local, state, national 
and global economies. We also recognize that the economic 
benefits of our industry must be balanced with care for the 
environment. Devon is focused on delivering strong returns to 
our shareholders while continuously improving our environmental 
performance, with specific emphasis on climate change.
In its 2022 outlook, the U.S. Energy Information Administration 
(EIA) projects that oil and natural gas will continue to be 
leading sources of energy worldwide for decades to come. For 
example, in the transportation sector, gasoline and diesel fuel 
will account for 74% of total consumption in 2050. Devon will 
continue to produce the oil and gas the world needs in a safe, 
environmentally responsible and ethical way, and disclose our 
results publicly. Earning our stakeholders’ trust is important for 
the future of our business, so we’ll continue to plan for the risks 
and opportunities ahead.
Assessing and reporting our climate change-related risks
Climate change-related risks receive formal and ongoing 
consideration in Devon’s enterprise risk management process. 
The company regularly models numerous regional and 
macro-level scenarios – including acquisitions, divestitures 
and changes in regulations and market conditions – to test 
the strength of our portfolio and resources. Each year, the 
modeled scenarios inform the strategic decision-making of 
Devon’s executive committee and board of directors that 
factors into Devon’s long-range plan. We publicly reported 
on climate-related risks and the results of our climate-related 
scenario analysis in our third Climate Change Assessment 
Report (CCAR), published in 2021, demonstrating our ongoing 
commitment to transparency.
Our updated 2021 CCAR accounted for material changes 
to our portfolio since 2018, including the divestment of our 
Canadian and Barnett Shale assets, as well as closing the 
merger with WPX Energy. The 2021 report was prepared 
by Devon with support from third-party consultants and 
reviewed and approved by our board of directors. Devon 
retained ICF to help assess the company’s oil and natural 
gas portfolio’s resilience in the face of potential impacts of 
climate policy on oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGL) 
demand, production and prices. During this assessment, 
Devon evaluated several possible future climate change 
scenarios to quantify the potential risks to the company’s 
portfolio and long-range business plan from a possible 
carbon-constrained future. Devon evaluated pricing scenarios 
and model results from both ICF and the widely referenced 
International Energy Agency (IEA), including the IEA’s 2020 
Sustainable Development Scenario, which targets a rise 
in global temperatures to “well below 2°C” and “in which 
countries achieving net-zero emissions by 2050 spur the world 
as a whole to reach it by 2070.”
Climate Change
Proactively addressing risks and opportunities
2021 CCAR 
2022 CDP Climate 
Response
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon’s approach to managing 
climate change risk
    Decrease the carbon intensity of our operations 
by reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based 
GHG emissions to net zero by 2050, prioritizing the 
reduction of flaring and methane emissions.
    Disclose our progress and strengthen governance 
practice around climate change risk.
    Evaluate opportunities to create value in the transition 
to ever-cleaner forms of energy with thoughtful 
capital allocation.

18 
In addition, Devon retained Global Affairs Associates, a 
ClimeCo Company, to enhance the company’s alignment to the 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial
Disclosure (TCFD), an international, multi-industry led initiative 
launched to develop recommendations for voluntary disclosure 
of climate-related risk. We report in alignment with 2017 TCFD 
recommendations to meet our stakeholders’ expectations for 
reliable and meaningful disclosures.
The 2021 assessment determined that oil and natural gas will remain 
essential to meeting global energy demand, even in the carbon-
constrained future scenarios. Additional conclusions included:
    Models indicate that Devon’s portfolio of assets is likely to be 
resilient, even in various low-carbon scenarios.
    The changes to our portfolio since 2018 – exiting Western 
Canada and the Barnett Shale and closing the merger with WPX 
Energy — have made the company more resilient in low oil and 
natural gas price scenarios.
    Devon’s disclosure practices for the governance, management 
and disclosure of climate-related risks and opportunities seek 
to align with TCFD recommendations, and include continually 
assessing new guidance as it becomes available.
Ambitious emissions reduction targets
Devon addresses climate change-related risks proactively in our 
environmental, operational and governance practices. Our strategy 
relies in part on energy efficiency and conservation, which we 
believe are also the most immediate and cost-effective ways to 
reduce emissions. We actively seek out technology solutions and 
innovative techniques to enhance our efforts.
To reduce methane emissions, we establish voluntary, company-
specific targets that go beyond regulatory requirements. Among our 
Climate Change  continued
actions to meet the targets are investing in technology, adopting 
new work practices and working creatively with stakeholders.  
To underscore our commitment, achieving our targets is a 
component of executive and employee compensation.
In 2019, we set a methane intensity target of 0.28% or lower by 
2025, and then beat the target level in 2020. In June 2021, we 
reinforced our commitment to proactively manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities by establishing additional environmental 
performance targets to limit GHG and methane emissions in our 
operations. These operational emissions performance targets are 
in line with leading industry practices and stakeholder priorities. 
These targets, endorsed by our board, are the following:
    Achieve net zero GHG emissions for Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050
    Reduce Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity by 50% by 
2030 (from a 2019 baseline)
    Reduce methane emissions intensity by 65% by 2030 (from a 
2019 baseline)
    Achieve flaring intensity of 0.5% or lower by 2025 and 
eliminate routine flaring by 2030
As we strive to meet or beat these targets, Devon will continue to 
apply a wide range of advanced technologies and best practices, in 
tandem with increasing efficiencies, and is committed to providing 
transparent updates on our progress.
Devon closely monitors possible business impacts of climate 
change in the market and policy arenas, and we’re prepared to 
adapt as needed. We’re committed to ongoing dialogue with our
board of directors, shareholders and other stakeholders about our 
climate change-related risks and opportunities. Our industry will 
play a pivotal role in delivering global energy for generations to 
come, and Devon is embracing change to be part of that future.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Did you know that some 840 million 
people worldwide do not have access 
to electricity? Or that close to 3 billion 
people still rely on inefficient and polluting 
cooking systems? The responsibly sourced 
fuel that Devon produces generates 
low-cost electricity and is feedstock for 
products that meet people’s basic needs.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

19 
Devon is committed to decarbonizing our operations, 
evaluating new opportunities and transparently 
reporting our results. We’re doing our part to 
be a responsible operator for the benefit of the 
environment, our employees and their families, our 
communities, our shareholders and our business—
today and in the future.
Our long-standing commitment to reduce air emissions, 
particularly GHGs, is embedded in our culture through our 
Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Philosophy and our 
core values to earn stakeholder trust, proactively manage risk 
and challenge ourselves to continuously improve. To reduce 
our impacts on the air and climate, we collaborate within and 
outside the company to implement technology, best practices 
and tools, and to generate new ideas and innovate.
Reducing the carbon intensity of our operations starts with 
proactively controlling and reducing air emissions from our 
operations. Devon focuses on reducing operational emissions 
of GHGs such as carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane, as well 
as volatile organic compounds (VOC), nitrogen oxide (NOx) 
and other gases, and reporting our results. In June 2021, we 
announced aggressive targets to lower the carbon intensity of 
our operations and outlined our approach to managing climate-
related risks and opportunities in our updated 2021 Climate 
Change Assessment Report. We’re taking these actions to lower 
our regulatory, market and reputational risk, but also because 
we believe protecting air quality aligns with our values and 
makes our business more sustainable.
Air Emissions
Targets, technology and transparency
Air emissions performance management
We invest in the latest equipment and deploy well-trained 
employees and contractors to carry out our emissions 
reduction programs. Our air quality program supports efficient, 
effective work by defining responsibilities and requirements for 
communications, compliance, recordkeeping and training. 
Because emissions programs and results are critical to Devon’s 
overall performance, we’re organized to drive progress. 
Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Steering 
Committee monitors our air emissions performance in the 
context of the evolving regulatory, legal and stakeholder 
landscape. It also advises our senior leaders on issues for 
consideration in enterprise risk management, stakeholder 
engagement, and regulatory and legal compliance.
Our vice president of ESG and EHS serves on both the 
ESG Steering Committee and the cross-functional EHS 
Council, providing continuity and alignment while elevating 
our companywide focus on ESG performance, including 
air emissions. To implement Devon’s emissions reduction 
strategy effectively, the EHS Council sets the strategy in close 
coordination with the vice president for ESG and EHS, the 
ESG Steering Committee and senior leaders. In early 2022, we 
established our ESG team, led by the new role of ESG manager, 
to provide advisory support across Devon to help achieve our 
ESG and sustainability-related objectives and goals. 
Investing in these resources reinforces the critical importance of 
meeting our targets and shows the level of leadership buy-in to 
continue our progress. It has also encouraged and enabled our 
business units to take ownership and operationalize their goals. 
Business units are devoting capital and resources to mitigate 
emissions, evaluate and enhance facility designs, and learn 
about the new technologies we may use to achieve Devon’s 
emissions goals.
Managing air permitting compliance
Compliance with all applicable federal and state environmental 
laws and regulations is central to our EHS Philosophy and the 
Devon Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our compliance 
process guides employees on meeting Devon’s air permitting 
requirements in our operating areas, aided by a web-enabled 
database that quickly distributes requirements for new and 
modified air permits to the people directly responsible for 
compliance.
Devon facilities and equipment may at times emit VOCs, NOx 
and other gases that are subject to state and federal emissions 
authorization permits and limits. We pursue full compliance by 
clearly communicating requirements to our operating facilities. 
Some facilities are subject to annual emissions inventories, 
which we submit to the appropriate regulatory agencies. 
The information is publicly available in states where these 
inventories are required. If compliance issues arise, we work 
expeditiously and constructively with regulators to address 
them. We’ll continue to proactively look beyond compliance to 
further reduce our air emissions.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon’s approach to  
reducing air emissions
Apply technology and 
best practices to reduce 
GHG and methane 
emissions at their source 
and to mitigate impacts
Increase transparency 
in alignment with TCFD 
recommendations, including 
disclosure of progress we are 
making toward our targets
Set targets to drive 
continuous performance 
improvements

20 
Greenhouse gas emissions methodology 
Devon reports GHG emissions from fuel combustion, flaring, 
fugitive emissions, venting and storage tank losses (Scope 1) 
and electricity consumption (location-based Scope 2) 
for assets under our operational control. We collect data 
on GHGs (carbon dioxide (CO2), methane and nitrous 
oxide) and submit annual GHG emissions according to the 
requirements of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA) Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program.
We also report indirect emissions from the use of sold 
products (Scope 3) on an equity basis from sources not 
owned or controlled by Devon. Scope 3 GHG emissions 
include indirect emissions from the consumption and use  
of Devon’s crude oil and natural gas production. 
To estimate our Scope 3 emissions, Devon relies 
on IPIECA’s 2016 guidance document, Estimating 
Petroleum Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions. According to this 
guidance, category 11, “Use of Sold Products,” is 
generally the largest contributor of Scope 3 emissions 
for a fuel-producing company and can account 
for more than 80% of a company’s total Scope 3 
emissions. We report “Use of Sold Products” by 
calculating combustion emissions for our oil, natural 
gas and marketed natural gas liquids products.  
It is important to note that Scope 3 emissions 
estimates are subject to uncertainty, inconsistency 
and duplication due to the reporting of assets 
outside the control of the reporting company and 
various reporting methodologies. In addition, two or 
more companies will account for the same emissions 
within their Scope 1, 2 or 3 emission inventories (as 
further described in the IPIECA guidance document).
As an exploration and production company, Devon 
has no direct control over how the raw materials  
we produce and sell are ultimately consumed.  
For this reason, we are committed to and focused  
on Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based emissions 
for assets under our control, where we can 
most directly and meaningfully effect emissions 
reductions. We will continue to evaluate ways in 
which we can reduce value chain emissions and 
engage constructively with stakeholders upstream 
and downstream of our production operations.
Air Emissions  continued
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Third-party verification of  
GHG emissions data
Devon engaged with ERM CVS to conduct independent 
third-party limited assurance of our Scope 1 and Scope 
2 location-based GHG emissions data for the reporting 
year 2021. See ERM CVS’s Independent Assurance 
Statement to learn more about the third-party 
verification process.
We believe measurement, reporting and verification  
of our GHG emissions performance plays a central role 
in our ability to achieve our emissions reduction goals 
in a trusted and transparent way.
We calculate our direct (Scope 1) GHG and methane emissions by 
including all emissions reported to the EPA pursuant to the Greenhouse 
Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) for production and gathering and 
boosting assets under our operational control, as well as emissions 
subject to the GHGRP that fall below the basin-level reporting 
threshold.
We calculate our indirect (location-based Scope 2) GHG emissions for 
electricity consumption using EPA fuel and electricity emissions factors 
for assets under our operational control. 
Devon’s commitment to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based 
GHG emissions intensity by 50% and methane emissions intensity by 
65% by 2030 will be calculated from a 2019 baseline.
This baseline serves as a hypothetical reference point for what the 
emissions intensity would have been in the absence of emissions 
reduction efforts over time. To comparably track progress toward the 
targets, adjustments to the emissions baseline may be necessary to 
reflect structural, organizational or reporting changes that may occur 
over time. For example, an acquisition or divestiture could significantly 
impact our emissions performance and impair comparability from the 
emissions baseline.
We relied upon guidance from the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and 
IPIECA in establishing our baseline recalculation methodology. Our 
baseline will be adjusted if impacted by one or more trigger events 
that result in a change to the emissions baseline of 5% or higher 
on an absolute or intensity basis. Trigger events include structural 
changes; source ownership or control changes; changes to reporting 
boundaries, quantification methodologies or data improvements; or 
discovery of errors.
Our 2019 baseline has been recalculated to reflect the divestiture of the 
Barnett Shale in 2020, divestiture of the Wind River Basin in 2021, and 
acquisition of Felix Energy in 2020.
We believe our recalculation methodology affirms our commitment 
to structurally drive down emissions, rather than divesting assets 
as a means to achieve our ambitious emissions reduction targets.
We are committed to the ongoing review and assessment of the 
appropriateness of our emission reduction target levels and will 
adjust as needed.
Methane 
Emissions 
Intensity
GHG  
Emissions 
Intensity ==
METHANE EMISSIONS  (tonnes CO2e)
GROSS OPERATED PRODUCTION  
AS REPORTED TO THE EPA (MBoe)
SCOPE 1 & SCOPE 2 LOCATION-BASED
GHG EMISSIONS (tonnes CO2e)
GROSS OPERATED PRODUCTION  
AS REPORTED TO THE EPA (MBoe)
How we calculate our GHG and methane emissions intensity rates
Our baseline recalculation methodologyMILLION TONNES  CO2e
MILLION TONNES  CO2e
INTENSITY (TONNES CO2e PER MBoe)
INTENSITY (TONNES CO2e PER MBoe)
2019 Felix Energy 
Acquisition 
Barnett  
Shale Divest
Wind River 
Basin Divest
2019 Adjusted 
Baseline
2030 Target
0 0.0 0.00
1 0.2
1.0
5
2 0.410
3 0.6
2.0
15
4 0.8
3.0
20
5 1.0 4.025
GHG Emissions Methane Emissions
18.8018.20
50%
Reduction in GHG 
emissions intensity for 
Scope 1 & 2 by 2030
Reduction in 
methane emissions 
intensity by 2030
2019 Felix Energy 
Acquisition 
Barnett  
Shale Divest
Wind River 
Basin Divest
2019 Adjusted 
Baseline
2030 Target
2.60
3.65
65%
Note: Consideration of trigger events that occurred in 2022 and any resulting adjustments to Devon’s 2019 baseline will be included in our 2023 Sustainability Report.
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT

21 
Flaring: Continuing reductions
Flaring of natural gas – a controlled ignition process for 
eliminating methane and VOC emissions – is necessary for 
safe operations in various phases of the oil and natural gas 
production process. Devon strives to avoid entirely the venting 
of raw gas and to limit flaring to the extent possible at all 
locations. Reducing flaring is a priority in our broader emissions 
reduction strategy because we want to protect the environment 
and capture as much natural gas as possible for its economic 
value, while also complying with laws, regulations and permits. 
We continually evaluate and optimize our facilities, including 
installing reliable pressure-relief valves to minimize tank releases 
and vapor recovery equipment to capture flash gas emissions and 
route them to a pipeline. Devon also uses “green completions” 
to capture produced natural gas following hydraulic fracturing. 
Where flaring is unavoidable, we install pilot monitoring 
equipment to help ensure the gas is properly combusted. 
By prioritizing flaring reductions and employing best practices, 
we have meaningfully improved our flaring performance 
across the company. 
For example, in 2019, the Cotton Draw field accounted for 
most of Devon’s flared gas volumes in our Delaware Basin 
operations of New Mexico. Upon investigation, we identified 
insufficient takeaway capacity or midstream constraints as the 
primary driver of flaring in the basin. To drive down these upset 
conditions, Devon took ownership of the associated midstream 
gas compression equipment. We made operational refinements, 
upgraded compressors, adjusted the flow rates of some wells 
and shut-in others. We also made a multi-year commitment to 
our Cotton Draw Midstream partnership, agreeing to contribute 
our existing gas gathering and compression infrastructure in an 
area of mutual interest. We dedicated about 24,000 acres for 
gathering and compression on the partnership’s system, while 
our partner, QL Capital Partners (QLCP), agreed to fund a $100 
million distribution to Devon to build out the Cotton Draw 
Midstream assets over the next several years. As a result, flared 
volumes in the Delaware Basin of New Mexico declined from 
about 4% in mid-2019 to 0.5% in 2020 to 0.2% in 2021.
After seeing significant performance improvement in late 2019 
and 2020, we continued making progress in meaningfully 
reducing our flared volumes in each of our operating areas in 
2021. We established a two-pronged approach to continue 
improving our flaring performance across the company – 
targeting a flaring intensity of 0.5% of gross natural gas 
produced by 2025 and eliminating routine flaring, as defined 
by the World Bank, by 2030. We plan to drive further 
improvements across our operating areas by continuing to 
employ best practices that have proven to be effective for 
reducing flared volumes and minimizing emissions. They include 
implementing a flare management program; continuous gas 
capture planning and collaboration with midstream partners; 
enhancing separation and compression reliability; choke 
management; pigging lines; and optimizing combustion. As a 
result, our company-wide flaring intensity improved from 2.2% 
in 2019 to 1.5% in 2020 to 0.9% in 2021 – an improvement of 
57% since 2019. 
We’re also sharing our best practices with trade association 
partners because we believe it’s crucial that we work together 
to reduce flaring and air emissions across the industry. Devon 
is a founding member and current steering committee member 
of The Environmental Partnership, a voluntary coalition of oil 
and natural gas companies operating across the U.S. seeking to 
reduce air emissions. In 2020, the partnership announced the 
launch of its latest initiative, the Flare Management Program, 
the development of which was chaired by Devon. As part of 
the program, companies will share best practices to reduce 
flaring, encourage beneficial use of associated gas, and improve 
flare reliability and efficiency when flaring does occur. 
Devon will continue to look at a broad spectrum of 
opportunities to reduce flaring and related emissions to 
not only meet our own targets, but continue improving 
performance across the industry.
Air Emissions  continued
Devon’s best practices for 
reducing flared volumes and 
minimizing emissions
   Flare management program
    Continuous gas capture planning and collaboration 
with midstream partners
   Enhancing separation and compression reliability
   Choke management
   Pigging lines
   Optimizing combustion
    Sharing best practices with our trade association 
partners to collectively reduce flaring and air 
emissions across the industry
Addressing our primary emissions sources
Our continuous improvement culture led Devon to develop a 
detailed understanding of where our emissions come from. This 
made it possible to address our air emissions at the primary 
sources through a variety of effective mitigation strategies:
    Reducing flaring across our entire portfolio of  
producing assets
    Expanding and enhancing our leak detection and repair 
program to find and fix equipment leaks 
    Transitioning to air-driven pneumatic controllers
    Cutting combustion from drilling, completions and 
production by increasing the use of engines powered by 
electricity and alternative fuels
    Minimizing venting and flaring from storage tanks
We evaluate emissions detection and quantification 
technologies on an ongoing basis and collaborate with industry, 
environmental groups and agency partners on emissions 
reduction strategies. In 2022, we continued our focused effort 
and record of progress in lowering GHG emissions.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
   20% Flaring
   <1% Equipment Leaks 
   10% Pneumatic Devices 
   52% Combustion
   17% Storage Tanks 
   <1% Other
Flaring Intensity
(% of natural gas produced)
2.21% 1.48 % 0.94%
2019 2020 2021
Year-Over-Year
36%
3-Year Trend
57%
2021 GHG Emissions by Source  
(Scope 1) (million tonnes CO2e)

Equipment leaks: Effectively reducing methane emissions 
over time
Methane emission detection technologies are evolving rapidly 
and are a central component of Devon’s broader emissions 
reduction strategy.
Using optical gas imaging (OGI) cameras to detect leaks has 
been one of Devon’s primary emissions mitigation tactics 
since 2014. Our leak detection and repair (LDAR) program 
has been effective at finding equipment leaks from piping 
components and associated equipment and was a major 
contributor to achieving our first methane intensity target well 
ahead of schedule.
Environmental operators in each operating area focus 
primarily on conducting LDAR surveys at our sites and then 
making sure repairs are successful. We analyze the repair data 
to help us focus on reducing the number and frequency of 
leaks. If we pinpoint certain components or equipment that 
have repeat leaks, we consider replacing them on a field-wide 
basis. This approach led us to install thief hatches that have a 
lower leak rate and focus on specific equipment failures and 
settings. It also enabled us to improve flare maintenance and 
verify performance of vapor recovery units (VRU).
To help meet the regulatory requirements for LDAR 
inspections, our environmental and operations teams 
developed a mobile app to capture, enter, track and document 
LDAR survey findings. The app automatically syncs any 
needed repairs, all of which are required for compliance. This 
has resulted in a more efficient, consistent and systematic 
LDAR program.
We continue to learn from the LDAR data we collect and 
then refine best practices in facility design, equipment 
improvements and preventive maintenance to further reduce 
emissions from our facilities. For example, we conduct 
engineering and pre-startup reviews of facilities and take other 
steps to help verify design and proper installation of closed-
vent systems and control devices.
To further reduce emissions from equipment leaks, we’re 
expanding and enhancing our LDAR program. We continue to 
steadily expand our existing program and aim to achieve the 
following In 2022:
    Survey 100% of production facilities with OGI cameras at 
least once annually
    Survey 100% of production facilities with aircraft flyovers 
at least twice annually 
    Install continuous emissions monitoring on 20% of 
production
Devon has a cross-functional team that evaluates advanced 
methane detection technologies that have the potential to 
be effective at not only finding leaks more timely and over 
broader areas, but also assessing the magnitude of the leaks, 
allowing for faster detection, mitigation and quantification. We 
are investigating opportunities for advanced OGI, continuous 
on-site monitoring, and remote detection using facility flyovers 
and satellites. We are testing multiple continuous, near-
continuous and non-continuous technologies at our emissions 
monitoring test facility in the Anadarko Basin to inform which 
innovative technologies are viable candidates for deployment, 
some of which are being incorporated more broadly across 
Devon’s operating areas. 
We will continue to monitor the rapid evolution of the 
technology solutions on the market and identify the most 
promising technologies to test and deploy across our 
operating areas. Ultimately, we’ll select the technologies with 
the best results that can help Devon reach our ambitious 
emissions reduction objectives and targets.
22 
Air Emissions  continued
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

The Environmental Partnership: 
Collaborating to reduce emissions
Devon is a founding member and current steering 
committee member of The Environmental Partnership, 
a voluntary coalition of almost 100 oil and natural gas 
companies operating across the U.S. Formed in 2018, 
the partner companies commit to collaborating, learning 
about best practices and technologies, and taking action 
to improve the industry’s environmental performance.
Informed by EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
data, the partnership provides six environmental 
performance programs that companies can implement, 
including LDAR and replacing, removing or retrofitting 
high-bleed pneumatic controllers. Devon chaired the 
development of the flare management program, which 
expands on the initiative’s core mission to assist in 
minimizing flaring. Applying practices shared by the 
partnership, participating companies reduced flaring 
volumes over 50% from 2019 to 2020, while their oil and 
natural gas production remained consistent.
Devon has participated in partnership pilot projects in 
the Permian Basin to understand the methane detection 
capabilities of LDAR technologies. In 2021, GHGSat 
deployed an aircraft-mounted spectrometer to monitor 
emissions over three target areas, including where 
Devon assets are located. We were included in Bridger 
Photonics’ deployment of its Gas Mapping LiDAR (GML) 
technology in select areas in 2021, as well as in tests of 
the Next-Generation Airborne Visible/Infrared Imaging 
Spectrometer (AVRIS-NG) by the National Aeronautics 
and Space Administration’s (NASA) Jet Propulsion 
Laboratory (JPL) and the University of Arizona in 2020.
Working together to improve environmental performance 
is the right thing to do, and we’ll continue collaborating 
to help reduce emissions.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
At Devon, we value our partnerships with 
public and nonprofit entities as we pursue 
our goal to be a responsible operator. We 
count on strong partnerships to deliver on 
our commitments and contribute positively 
to the development of the communities 
where we operate, as well as share 
research and knowledge to help advance 
best practices in the energy sector.
23 
Pneumatic devices: Eliminating natural gas-driven devices
Eliminating gas-driven pneumatic devices is part of Devon’s 
strategy to reduce our air emissions. We replaced high-bleed 
natural gas pneumatic controllers on hundreds of well sites 
in Wyoming, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas, and we 
no longer use them on new wells. In the Delaware Basin, 
legacy Devon has installed air-driven pneumatic pumps and 
controllers at nearly all new facilities since early 2019. 
Combustion: Alternative fuels and power sources
Diesel motors powering drilling rigs and hydraulic fracturing 
operations can be a significant source of emissions. We’ve 
cut these emissions, reduced related noise and shrunk our 
operational footprint by replacing diesel-only engines with 
dual-fuel motors that run on diesel or compressed natural 
gas (CNG), liquefied natural gas (LNG), field gas or electricity. 
In 2021, about 52% of wells were drilled with rigs running 
on dual-fuel or electricity. This avoided an estimated 20,200 
metric tonnes of CO2 from 2.7 million gallons of diesel fuel.
Electrification will be a key part of our strategy to meet our 
net zero GHG emissions for Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050. We seek 
to plan effectively so we can get grid power to our locations 
before drilling rigs arrive. Devon is also looking to identify 
other types of equipment and practices we can power with 
electricity in the future to avoid using diesel fuel.
In the Delaware Basin, we’re piloting an effort to supplement 
highly dynamic power demand by bringing emissions-
reducing renewable energy and battery storage into our 
power supply. This effort involves integrating a behind-the-
meter 5-megawatt solar array into our operations near the 
Texas-New Mexico state line area. The array will produce 
power that displaces electricity that would have been 
purchased from the grid and delivered across state lines. 
Ultimately, we expect the data generated to help ensure 
the renewable energy is used efficiently, lowers costs and 
provides Devon a competitive advantage for future growth.
Storage tanks: Lowering venting and flaring
To reduce venting and flaring from oil and condensate storage 
tanks, we install vapor recovery towers (VRT) to maximize gas 
recovery and minimize the volume of tank vapors that need to 
be flared.
In 2021, we successfully piloted a low-emission storage tank 
design that further maximizes gas recovery and eliminates 
the need to flare tank vapors during normal operation. The 
design also minimizes emissions through a reduction in the 
number of potential leak sources, as well as open thief hatches 
and other components that can lead to common equipment 
failures. We’ve standardized this low-emission storage tank 
design in the Delaware Basin, where we’re installing the 
highest number of new facilities.
Air Emissions  continued
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
To achieve our ambitious emissions reduction goals, we 
continue to pursue a wide range of proactive strategies 
and tactics to mitigate GHG and methane emissions.
    Building out Delaware Basin midstream assets to alleviate 
capacity constraints that exacerbate flaring
    Expanding our LDAR program
    Evaluating and deploying emissions detection and 
quantification technologies
    Installing remote surveillance technologies
    Installing air-driven pneumatic pumps and controllers in our 
production operations
    Increasingly replacing diesel engines with dual-fuel or electric 
engines
    Integrating renewable energy and battery storage into our 
power supply in the Delaware Basin
    Joining industry-leading methane reporting frameworks, OGMP 
2.0 and GTI Veritas
    Collaborating with industry, nonprofits and government agencies
    Improving our data precision and reporting methodologies

Water is an essential resource for the health, social 
and economic well-being of our communities, as well 
as for Devon’s operations. To be a good neighbor 
and an environmentally sound operator, Devon is 
committed to conserving freshwater and reusing 
water in our operations. 
We require reliable access to water used or produced in 
our drilling and completions operations, and the ability to 
safely dispose of it. Our water management strategy seeks 
to balance environmental, economic, operational and social 
needs, and to mitigate physical risks associated with regional 
water stress. We have a track record for water conservation 
that goes back to recycling water in the Barnett Shale in 
north Texas starting in 2004. Since then, we’ve collaborated 
with government, industry and community stakeholders to 
find innovative ways to conserve water in our drilling and 
completions activities across the company.
Every gallon of produced, non-potable or recycled-brackish 
water Devon uses in our operations reduces our consumption 
of freshwater. We work to identify and develop alternative 
sources of water for operational activities and have invested 
significant capital to reduce our reliance on freshwater. Using 
less freshwater also reduces the amount of water for disposal, 
saves money, creates efficiencies and improves our ability to 
respond if water availability or disposal capacity is constrained. 
To conserve, we strive to use water that is not suitable for 
drinking and other public uses and, wherever possible, we 
use recycled produced water in our drilling and production 
activities. We take these actions because they’re the right 
thing to do for the environment and our communities. 
Water Management
Conserve, reuse and recycle
Local approach to water management
Water supplies are limited in some of Devon’s operating 
areas. Based on the World Resources Institute’s definition of 
baseline water stress, approximately 8% of Devon operated 
wells as of December 31, 2021, were located in areas of “high” 
or “extremely high” baseline water stress. We conserve, reuse 
and recycle as much water as we can to mitigate the physical 
risks of water stress.
Water availability and disposal options are considerations 
in our enterprise risk management process and in our daily 
planning, along with other environmental, health and safety 
(EHS) risks. Devon’s EHS Council, ESG team and subject 
matter experts monitor laws, regulations and stakeholder 
concerns related to water and keep our leadership team well 
informed on our risks and opportunities.
Guided by our EHS Philosophy, we use economically 
and operationally feasible alternatives to freshwater. To 
execute a sustainable water management strategy, Devon 
follows the water principles of stakeholder engagement, 
water management planning, technology evaluation and 
deployment, and best practices development.
Our business unit leaders and subject matter experts 
oversee our local water management activities, based on 
their deep understanding of local water issues, challenges 
and opportunities. As part of our local approach to water 
management, our teams consider the availability and quality 
of water, local ecosystems, habitats, regulations and other 
factors. Devon’s water planning efforts also include evaluating 
the potential risks to our operations in each area, stakeholder 
needs and potential opportunities for our business. We update 
our water plans periodically to account for business needs and 
local environmental considerations.
To enhance our water management capabilities, Devon 
stays abreast of new technologies and best practices, often 
through collaboration. We’re an active participant in the 
New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium and 
a founding member of the Energy Water Initiative. Devon 
continues to study, communicate and improve lifecycle water 
use and management together with other oil and natural gas 
companies that share our commitment to conservation.
As part of evaluating ways to diversify and complement our 
core business, we’re looking at opportunities for produced 
water management and beneficial reuse of produced water.
24 Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
We took our water conservation 
commitment a step further in 2021 
by setting a public target to use 
90% or more non-freshwater for 
completions activities in our  
most active operating  
areas within the  
Delaware Basin.
Recycled Water Usage  
(million Bbl)
Devon has reused over 200 million barrels 
of water from our water treatment 
facilities since 2015.
>200
1 3 6
2015 2016 2017
22 34 37
2018 2019 2020
61 80
2021 2022e

25 
Water Management  continued
Reducing fresh water use in the Delaware Basin
As the first company to recycle flowback and produced water 
in natural gas wells in north Texas, Devon is an industry 
pioneer in recycling. We became one of the leading recyclers 
of treated produced water in New Mexico and led the effort 
to establish state rules to encourage the practice. Our 
recycling efforts are now concentrated in the New Mexico 
Delaware Basin, where we have our highest level of activity 
and water scarcity is an issue.
Devon uses freshwater in the Delaware Basin only for 
blending and only when we don’t have sufficient sources 
of recycled and brackish water. 
In 2021, our Delaware Basin operations accounted for nearly 
90% of Devon’s total water consumption and we used more 
than 90% non-freshwater in our most active operating areas 
within the basin. We significantly increased recycled water 
capacity at two sites and connected to more third-party 
suppliers in the Delaware Basin during the year.
Companywide, we used 61 million barrels of recycled water 
in 2021, up 65% from 37 million barrels in 2020. Since 2015, 
Devon has reused over 200 million barrels of water from our 
water treatment facilities. 
Impoundment basins we built in the Delaware Basin to store 
reusable water are integral to our operations and to saving 
water. The basins are connected by a local pipeline network 
that reduces the need to haul water away by truck. Taking 
water trucks off the road has the added benefit of reducing 
emissions and traffic safety hazards.
In addition, we’re looking for ways to reuse produced water 
that we don’t need for our operations. Through the New 
Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium, we’re exploring 
beneficial reuse opportunities, including technologies to 
desalinate produced water for uses outside of the oil and gas 
industry. In cases where we produce more water than we can 
use, cost-effective desalination could make the water suitable 
for aquifer recharge and other beneficial uses. This would 
require development of the regulatory framework for reusing 
desalinated produced water, which is why we continue to 
work with stakeholders to find water conservation solutions in 
New Mexico.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Devon recognizes the importance of 
responsible water management in a 
world that faces drought conditions and 
water stress. Water is a local issue and 
Devon takes a local approach to water 
management, creating plans that consider 
water availability, quality, regulation and 
dependence on native ecosystems. We 
look for innovative water sources and 
methods to reduce usage. Through our 
Delaware Basin treatment facilities, we 
have reused over 200 million barrels of 
water since 2015. Devon is also exploring 
beneficial uses of produced water and 
technologies such as desalination to 
repurpose produced water for uses outside 
our industry — including potentially 
recharging aquifers.
2022 CDP Water 
Response
For more details on Devon’s 
water management program 
and water metrics
Devon continues to implement our water management 
strategy to achieve our goal of using 90% or more  
non-freshwater for completions activities in our most active 
operating areas in the Delaware Basin. To be a good neighbor, 
we’ll also keep exploring ways to conserve freshwater and 
increase our use of brackish, flowback and produced water in 
all of our operating areas.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
million barrels of recycled 
water used in 2021, an 
increase of 65% compared 
to 2020.61
2019 2020 2021
Delaware Basin      91    83    101 
Anadarko Basin      21      1      11 
Eagle Ford        6      5        3 
Powder River Basin      10      7        2 
Williston Basin      14      2     0
Total U.S.    141    98    116 
Total Water Usage by Operating Area  
(million Bbl)
Note: annual totals may not sum due to rounding.

26 
Devon is committed to leaving our work locations  
in the same or better condition than we found them 
by being good stewards of the land, wildlife and 
habitat. To protect biodiversity, we work to minimize 
our operational footprint and impacts to the 
landscape, wildlife and their habitats, and cultural 
and historical resources.
We operate in prairies, grasslands, deserts and forested areas, 
and on federal, state, tribal and private lands. To preserve our 
shared landscapes for future generations, Devon’s priority is  
to disrupt the land as little as possible and mitigate any 
impacts throughout the oil and gas production lifecycle.  
We also engage in activities to reclaim the lands we’ve 
disturbed when our work is complete.
Land Conservation and Biodiversity
Preserving our shared landscapes
In 2021, we harnessed over 70 years of staff experience  
and deep understanding of biodiversity by forming a  
team dedicated to preserving, restoring and enhancing 
biodiversity value as we continue to develop our oil and  
gas resources. This Biodiversity Council develops and 
implements enterprise-wide standards that avoid, minimize or 
mitigate our ecological impact, and looks for opportunities to 
enhance biodiversity value of Devon-owned surface lands. The 
council and our biodiversity team work with our business units 
to integrate biodiversity improvements into our ongoing and 
future operations. 
Through recommendation of the council, Devon adopted an 
enterprise-wide Reclamation Standard that helps ensure the 
quality of our disturbance reclamations by taking steps to 
reestablish biodiversity value consistently across the company. 
The standard, which went into effect mid-2022, established 
minimum success criteria for that reclamation work. We 
track and assess our reclamation results with the goal of 
increasing native species diversity and richness in areas we 
once disturbed. We believe that building a track record for 
consistently high-quality reclamation work will foster strong 
relationships with government agencies, nongovernmental 
organizations and other stakeholders. 
Additonally, Devon will pilot a project to determine the 
feasibility of conserving an acre of land for every acre of well 
pad and access road disturbance caused by Devon operations. 
As part of this effort, we’re assessing the potential of some 
Devon-owned surface lands for use in mitigating disturbance, 
and for opportunities to preserve, restore or enhance 
biodiversity value. 
Assessing the environment  
to avoid impacts 
Devon’s ecology experts complete an environmental 
assessment before we build a well pad to identify potential 
impacts to:
    Wetlands, streams and other waterbodies,  
including waters of the U.S.
    Protected species and their associated  
suitable habitat
   Public receptors
   Nearby floodplains
   Environmentally sensitive receptors
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Assessing potential impacts up front
Devon’s Pre-Construction Environmental Protocol requires us 
to identify potential issues up front. Biodiversity management 
is integrated into our process for selecting the placement of 
our well pads, access roads and pipeline corridors. We start 
by completing a desktop environmental assessment in an area 
where we’ve staked out a well pad location. If we identify 
potential environmental impacts during the desktop review, 
we then conduct field surveys to facilitate our avoid, minimize 
or mitigate strategy. These environmental assessments help 
identify sensitive environmental areas, such as threatened and 
endangered species habitats, wetlands and water bodies.
For example, in New Mexico, we relocated two well pads, 
removed others from consideration, and moved a proposed pad 
to avoid cultural resources and a sensitive geological feature 
identified in an environmental assessment. In North Dakota, our 
ecological experts are working with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife 
Services, the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) and the Mandan, 
Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) Nation to avoid and minimize 
direct impact to suitable Dakota Skipper butterfly (Hesperia Dakota Skipper butterfly ( Hesperia dacotae). Photo by Corie Ereth.
dacotae) habitat, and mitigate direct impact by recreating more 
suitable habitat than is disturbed. Additionally, to protect a 
large, occupied habitat for the Dakota Skipper butterfly, we 
abandoned a proposed pad location in North Dakota. The 
remaining choice for a suitable well pad site was located near 
an active bald eagle nest, and we worked extensively with the 
MHA Nation on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation to avoid 
disturbance to the nest.
Reclamation success criteria
For a Devon location to be considered “reclaimed,” it must meet our minimum success criteria, including:  
    Preparing each location to facilitate native species seeding and limit erosion and sedimentation.
    Establishing vegetation on a location to at least 70% of background areal coverage.
    Seeding/planting to establish 60% native species areal coverage.
Our ecological experts track the progress of each reclamation and are responsible for determining when  
a location has met the minimum success criteria.
RECLAMATION STANDARD

27 
Land Conservation and Biodiversity continued
In Wyoming’s Powder River Basin, Devon has contracted 
wildlife biologists to conduct annual spring surveys for the 
multiple species of raptors that build their nests and raise their 
young in the areas that we operate. Devon environmental 
and planning professionals use the year-over-year information 
regarding nesting activity and history to inform well pad and 
access road placement. We 
regularly move well sites 
and access roads to avoid 
impacts to raptor nests and 
use the historical nesting 
history to help us plan our 
drill schedules to avoid 
activity in sensitive nesting 
areas during the spring months.
Collaborative conservation efforts
Protecting the land involves building relationships with 
landowners, neighbors, industry groups, and state and federal 
agencies such as the U.S. Bureau of Land Management 
(BLM). Working with the BLM wildlife department in the 
New Mexico Delaware Basin, we created more permanent, 
quality nesting areas to further protect several species of 
birds and raptors in our areas of planned activity. Additionally, 
we worked with Cooks Branch Conservancy in Montgomery 
County, Texas, to waive our surface rights for development 
of oil and gas resources. In releasing our rights, we effectively 
protected the lands so that they could be added to the Cook’s 
Branch Conservancy, a native pine forest and home to the 
endangered red-cockaded woodpecker, among other species. 
We’re assessing other projects that would restore or enhance 
the biodiversity value of Devon-owned surface lands in Texas 
and Oklahoma. 
Land stewardship projects
We’ve shared our love of the land with college students 
as a sponsor of the Wyoming Conservation Corps (WCC) 
and its hands-on land stewardship projects since 2007. The 
students spend 10 days doing work that the BLM considers 
necessary but lacks the funds to complete, such as removing 
and rebuilding fencing, removing invasive vegetation and 
maintaining trails. Devon hosted our traditional volunteer day 
for students in 2021 with the Casper, Wyoming, BLM office. 
 
We completed our BLM partnership program to plug and 
reclaim 370 idle coalbed methane natural gas wells and 
reclaim nearby roads in 2021. These efforts represented 
thousands of acres of restored landscape in the Wyoming 
Powder River Basin. In 2022, we’re continuing to reclaim 
appurtenant structures to coal bed methane wells, including 
three freshwater reservoirs. We intend to complete those 
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Oil and gas development inherently 
requires consideration of the land at the 
surface level, and we aim to be responsible 
stewards of the prairies, grasslands, 
deserts and forested areas where we 
operate. Devon seeks to avoid or minimize 
ecosystem disturbances by completing 
multi-dimension, pre-construction 
environmental impact assessments; by 
applying our own avoid-minimize-mitigate 
strategy to limit direct habitat impact 
and fragmentation; and by initiating and 
supporting local conservation projects. 
Working on indigenous lands
Nearly all of our operations in North Dakota’s Williston 
Basin are located on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation 
that is home to the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) 
Nation, also known as the Three Affiliated Tribes. 
Ongoing collaboration and mutual respect for people 
and the environment is our responsibility as a prudent 
operator and the largest lessee of minerals owned by the 
MHA Nation. Devon incorporates representatives of the 
Three Affiliated Tribes into the planning process for our 
new pads and associated infrastructure. We avoid impact 
to archeological sites and traditional cultural properties, 
and we mitigate impact to sensitive wildlife habitat. 
Our development plans for drilling sites and pipeline 
rights-of-way in our Williston, Powder River and Delaware 
Basin operations often must comply with the National 
Environmental Policy Act (NEPA) and the National 
Historic Preservation Act (NHPA) because they are 
subject to review, comment and approval by the BLM and 
the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
We engage third-party archeologists to identify cultural 
sites that may be eligible for the National Register 
of Historic Places and coordinate with Tribal Historic 
Preservation Offices to identify Traditional Cultural 
Properties. We avoid development on these sites. In 
North Dakota,  archeologists monitor our sites during 
construction for previously unknown cultural resources 
unearthed by construction activities, and none have 
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Ferruginous hawk (Buteo regalis)
reclamation projects in 2022, with any work undertaken being 
completed in accordance with Devon’s new Reclamation 
Standard. Devon continues to reach out to the BLM to help 
them plant trees, clean up trash and take on other land 
stewardship projects on federal lands.
The Public Lands Foundation recognized our leadership 
and vision with its Landscape Stewardship Certificate of 
Appreciation in 2019, making Devon the only oil and gas 
company to receive the award. 
been found to date. We believe this is the result of  
the precautions we take starting in the early stages  
of our projects. 
With Devon’s recent acquisition  
of the leasehold interest and  
related assets of RimRock  
Oil and Gas, we have reiterated  
our commitment to the economic  
benefit to the MHA Nation of  
responsible oil and gas  
development. We continue  
to act as stewards of the lands  
within Fort Berthold that we  
utilize to extract oil and gas.

28 
Being an environmentally sound company requires 
responsibly handling the waste generated in our 
operations and offices. All Devon employees and 
contractors are responsible for managing waste,  
and we encourage them to minimize the waste  
they create, and reuse and recycle materials 
whenever possible.
Our work can generate waste designated as hazardous and 
non-hazardous from our drilling and production operations, 
as well as paper, packaging, bottles and other office waste. 
Devon maintains waste management plans in our operating 
areas to help ensure compliance with all applicable regulations 
and our own corporate policies.
Devon’s waste management protocol clearly defines roles 
and responsibilities for our waste handling, shipping, disposal, 
training and minimization programs. We hold contractors 
responsible for managing the waste they generate and 
for complying with all applicable state and federal waste 
regulations.
Waste Management
Responsible handling and disposal
For chemicals and other materials used or stored in our 
workplace, Safety Data Sheets (SDS) summarizing hazard 
information and disposal considerations are readily available. 
To reinforce our commitment to compliance, Devon employees 
and contractors receive job-specific training for waste 
management and chemicals used or stored in the workplace.
Oil and gas operations sometimes encounter waste containing 
naturally occurring radioactive material (NORM). Devon’s 
NORM protocol helps us manage the material responsibly 
and within regulatory requirements. The protocol establishes 
conditions to address health and safety considerations of 
our employees, contractors and the environment, including 
guidelines to reduce potential exposure to NORM.
Devon provides NORM awareness training for any employee 
who works at a facility where NORM is present and specific 
training for employees who encounter NORM in the course of 
their work. We also provide radiation safety officer training for 
employees who take on the additional responsibilities of that 
role. Radiation safety officers provide technical resources and 
tools to maintain regulatory compliance.
Devon radiation safety officers conduct NORM surveys to ensure regulatory compliance.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Remote monitoring is enhancing 
environmental performance
We have installed remote surveillance capabilities at 
hundreds of facilities across our operating areas that 
are helping to improve our environmental performance. 
High-definition cameras, infrared sensors and our 
SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) system 
allow us to remotely monitor our well pads and some 
saltwater disposal facilities. With real-time, higher-
quality data and imagery, we can proactively identify 
issues with flares and other equipment before they 
become problems. For example, we can identify a minor 
leak and dispatch responders before it becomes a larger 
spill. Our staff can also perform a remote shutdown to 
stop an identified spill until responders arrive onsite to 
address it. In addition, these technologies reduce vehicle-
related emissions and safety risk for our workforce by 
allowing us to monitor operations without people going 
to the locations every day.
29 
Each year, Devon handles millions of barrels of 
fluids. Keeping oil, produced water, recycled 
water and other materials properly contained is a 
guiding principle of our Environmental, Health and 
Safety (EHS) Philosophy. We take a comprehensive 
approach to preventing, responding to and 
remediating spills from our equipment and facilities. 
Devon sets an annual corporate goal for reducing 
our spill rate that keeps us focused on preventive 
measures and best practices.
Proactive steps
Our environmental management program includes a Spill 
Prevention Countermeasures and Control (SPCC) protocol 
that drives compliance with the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA) SPCC Rule and other environmental rules 
and regulations. The protocol details the responsibilities, 
equipment, procedures and steps to prevent, control and 
provide adequate countermeasures to an unplanned discharge. 
It also specifies the training required for all personnel in 
designing, building and operating oil-handling or storage 
equipment, including an annual spill response training exercise 
and briefing. Devon requires our contractors to meet or 
exceed the standards in our SPCC protocol.
We make every employee and contractor aware of their 
responsibility to prevent spills by immediately reporting near 
misses, such as a storage tank approaching full volume or 
signs of wear that may result in a leak. We respond to near 
misses and make any necessary adjustments to prevent spills. 
Spill Prevention
Comprehensive approach to protecting the land
Devon uses appropriate tools and techniques to minimize and 
contain discharges from our equipment and facilities. Our spill 
prevention measures at facilities with storage tanks include 
secondary containment, “nearly full” alarms on tanks and offsite 
monitoring equipment that can shut in facilities remotely. 
At our produced water recycling facilities, Devon installs 
temporary storage reservoirs designed to minimize the risk  
of overflow from rain. The reservoirs are double-lined and 
sloped to direct any water that may penetrate the first 
liner to a sump pump. Any reservoir where we temporarily 
store water, including saltwater disposal sites, is lined for 
environmental protection.
To protect the environment and help ensure safety when 
using oil-based fluids to drill wells, we employ a closed-loop 
system that is considered an industry best practice. We 
comply with the U.S. EPA SPCC Rule by keeping plans at 
drilling locations to minimize the impact of spills. Devon also 
follows local, state and federal guidelines when handling 
drilling fluid and mud systems.
When a spill does occur, we remediate, investigate the cause 
and take corrective action to prevent recurrence. Devon 
often performs in-situ remediation using naturally occurring 
microorganisms to remediate and restore impacted soils 
when feasible. This method also reduces the likelihood of 
introducing invasive weeds and plants to the area. In-situ 
remediation has other advantages, as well: It reduces truck 
traffic because it generally doesn’t require heavy machinery, 
and it reduces our overall operational waste footprint by 
eliminating the need to send impacted soil to landfills.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Measuring performance
Devon has a robust EHS incident management system 
for reporting and tracking spills. We require reporting of 
unintentional releases of oil, produced water, chemicals and 
any other material associated with our operations. Spills and 
near misses are tracked by the total company and business 
unit, which enables business units to analyze their spill 
performance and find ways to improve. In 2021, we made 
changes to our incident management system to continue 
refining our spill reporting to prevent spills going forward.
Devon’s lost-spill rate is based on the volumes of produced oil, 
produced water and recycled water handled in our operations. 
We believe that measuring our spill rate based on the total 
amount of fluids we manage in our operations gives us the 
best view of our performance and allows us to better manage 
our spill prevention procedures. 
To drive continuous improvement, Devon sets an annual 
corporate target for our spill rate and includes it in our  
annual performance bonus calculation. In 2021, we did not 
meet our internal lost-spill rate and our lost spilled barrels 
increased compared to 2020. We identified spill trends, and 
our environmental and operations teams worked together  
to take corrective actions to reduce spill risk, such as 
equipment design changes and targeted preventive 
maintenance. To be good stewards of the land and deliver 
strong environmental performance, we continue working to 
prevent spills in our operations.

30 
Keeping our people, communities, 
assets and the environment safe
This section of our 2022  
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 31 
Workforce Safety 32 
Cybersecurity 37 
Emergency Preparedness 38 
Resource Links:      
       Environmental, Health and  
Safety (EHS) Philosophy
      Contractor safety requirements
      Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
      Emergency Preparedness Protocol
       
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Safety & Security

Overview
31 
At Devon, providing a safe and healthy workplace and being ready to respond to emergencies is 
not just our responsibility, it’s how we show we care about our workforce, their families and our 
communities. We believe our operational success depends on their safety and health, as well as our 
ability to protect our technology advantage and infrastructure, our assets and the environment.
Taking Action
We prepare our people to work safely with comprehensive orientation and training, on-the-job guidance and tools, safety engagements, 
recognition and other resources. Employees and contractors are accountable for stopping at-risk work, immediately reporting incidents and 
near-miss events, and informing visitors of emergency alarms and evacuation plans. Devon uses proven best practices, technologies, tools 
and materials throughout our operations to safeguard the people working at our worksites and neighbors nearby.
To maintain business continuity, Devon follows federal government guidelines and industry best practices for effective cybersecurity and 
emergency management. We work continuously to prevent disruptions and provide training and drills, so our employees are prepared and 
ready to respond to a wide variety of issues.
SAFETY AND CONTRACTOR MANAGEMENT
    Elevated the importance of safety by creating the new position  
of vice president of ESG and EHS.
    Increased safety engagement opportunities and initiated safety 
recognition programs to continue improving safety in the field.
    Shared our safety culture with over 400 field-based employees and  
contractors in our Hearts and Minds workshops and onboardings.
    Took steps to identify and retain contractors who meet our high  
EHS standards and comply with our requirements.
    Prepared to implement an ESG module in our Veriforce contractor 
compliance questionnaire to gauge our contractors’ alignment with  
our ESG priorities.
    Completed a comprehensive third-party audit of our entire rig fleet  
to help identify additional ways to safeguard Devon workplaces.
    Adopted legacy company best practices for vehicle driving safety, 
serious incidents and fatalities (SIF) review processes and contractor 
management practices. 
    Merging both legacy companies’ SIF Preventer Protocols. 
CYBERSECURITY AND EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS
    Held incident management training and discussion-based response 
exercises in all field operating areas and with corporate employees.
    Built on our cybersecurity disaster recovery capabilities with field and 
business unit exercises and security training.
DEVON’S GOALS
    Recorded SIF events at a rate of 0.07 per 200,000 employee hours 
worked, which was significantly lower than our 2020 rate and our  
goal for the year.
    Set 2022 corporate safety goals that account for 50% of the company’s 
ESG goal or 7.5% of the overall corporate scorecard.
Decent Work and Economic Growth 
page 34
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).   
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action plan  
for organizations seeking to provide affordable  
energy, produced responsibly to protect the 
environment, while also promoting peace and  
prosperity for all people. We have identified a  
variety of Devon’s business activities that align  
with the U.N. SDGs. In the Safety & Security section,  
look for: 
2019 2020 2021
Fatalities (Employee and contractor workforce) 1 2 0
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.49 0.43 0.49
TRIR - Employee 0.53 0.36 0.58
TRIR - Contractor 0.49 0.44 0.48
Serious Incident and Fatality (SIF) Recordable Rate   (Employee + Contractor) 0.10 0.11 0.07
Days Away Restricted Transfer (DART) Incident Rate (Employee + Contractor) 0.24 0.20 0.32
DART Incident Rate - Employee 0.28 0.24 0.34
DART Incident Rate - Contractor 0.23 0.19 0.32
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.15 0.12 0.18
LTIR - Employee 0.28 0.16 0.29
LTIR - Contractor 0.13 0.11 0.17
Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (per million miles) 1.50 1.19 2.37
Employee Hours (million) 5.7 5.0 4.2
Contractor Hours (million) 35.7 24.8 22.9
Safety Performance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security

Every leader, employee and contractor at Devon is 
expected to actively participate in making Devon a 
safe place to work. Our values guide us to do what’s 
right, manage risk, stop work, and support and 
empower each other to stay safe. We empower our 
team by providing comprehensive resources to help 
them work safely and measuring leading and lagging 
indicators to drive improvement. Setting corporate 
safety goals and incorporating safety metrics into 
our compensation focuses everyone at Devon on the 
actions that will make us safer.
We’re committed to integrating the guiding principles in 
our Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Philosophy into 
all decisions that affect our operations. Compliance with 
applicable safety laws, regulations, policies and protocols 
is one of these principles, and we reinforce it in our Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics, EHS Policy and safety 
orientation, training and engagements. 
Our governance structure supports Devon’s commitment to 
making safety our top priority. The Governance, Environmental, 
and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee of our board of directors 
reviews our safety performance and keeps the full board 
informed. Devon’s executive vice president and chief operating 
officer (COO) is responsible for our safety performance. 
In 2021, we created the new position of vice president of 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) and EHS reporting 
to the COO to elevate the visibility and importance of ESG and 
EHS strategy, activities and disclosures.
Devon senior leaders oversee safety policy and performance, 
with support from the EHS Council, and the ESG Committee 
supports management’s commitment to safety and health.  
In turn, our workforce is empowered to take the necessary  
time and actions to perform work safely and stop work  
if they see a safety risk.
Setting safety and health strategy
To drive continuous improvement, the Devon EHS Council sets 
safety and health strategy and helps ensure implementation. To 
enhance our strategy and alignment, we’ve steadily expanded 
council membership to include EHS, ESG, operations, business 
unit and facility managers. The council meets regularly to 
monitor performance, share lessons learned and engage in 
roundtable discussions to keep the organization updated on 
stakeholder expectations for EHS performance.
In 2021, the council played the critical role of identifying 
and advancing safety priorities following the merger of 
Devon and WPX. By year-end, the council had established 
recommendations for targets and strategy for ESG and EHS 
goals, transitioned to the legacy WPX contractor management 
system and centralized incident management reporting. 
Integration of legacy company data, EHS protocols and 
training is continuing in 2022.
In addition to tracking Devon safety performance, council 
members engage with peer companies in our operating basins 
to improve company and industry performance in safety, 
public policy, the environment and other key areas. Devon 
plans to lead a strategic roundtable in the Permian Basin in 
2022 to collaboratively identify trends and best practices for 
operating responsibly.  
Workforce Safety
32 
Strengthening our culture and relationships
   Leadership, Culture and Accountability
   Contractor Management
   Event Management and Investigation
   Environmental, Social and Governance
   Hazard Analysis and Risk Management
    Training and Competency
   Goals and Objectives
   Emergency Management
   Safety Audit
   Asset Integrity
   Environmental Management
   Records and Documentation
   Safe Work Practices
   EHS Management System Review
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
EHS Management System
Our EHS Management System, developed by the 
EHS Council, guides us in identifying concrete steps 
and effective programs to continuously improve in 
14 key elements of performance:
As a member of API, we support its program 
committed to accelerating the industry’s safety and 
environmental progress, and analyzed the maturity 
of our internal program and practices against the 13 
elements of the API Energy Excellence Framework. 
Our progress report to API showed that we are 
largely aligned with the Energy Excellence elements.
Develop our 
contractor 
management plan 
Develop an electronic 
audit and inspection  
platform for drilling, 
completions and workovers
Roll out our Safe Work 
Award Program
Implement the safe 
driving campaign and 
GPS data utilization 
OUR 2022  
HEALTH  
AND SAFETY  
FOCUS AREAS

Building on our positive EHS culture
Encouraging a strong EHS culture at Devon is an ongoing 
priority for the EHS Council and to the broader organization. 
We believe that the care and concern we show our workforce 
can have a positive impact on their safety and health at 
work and at home. We’ve learned from our field leaders 
that transparent communications, positive safety behaviors, 
proactive reporting and safely meeting operational goals are 
both signs and outcomes of a healthy EHS culture. The council 
assesses our EHS culture regularly to identify the most effective 
approaches and programs to foster strong safety performance.
We begin instilling our safety culture on an employee’s first 
day on the job. During new-hire orientation, they learn the 
safety behaviors we expect and incorporate into the employee 
appraisal process: visible commitment, accountability, 
anticipation, participation, recognition and communication. 
We keep the safety conversation and engagement going 
throughout their career.
Job competency is one of our EHS guiding principles, and we 
emphasize the quality of safety training over the quantity. 
A combination of online and hands-on training is offered to 
office and field workers based on their job responsibilities. All 
employees and contractors must complete our field safety 
briefing if they work on or visit field locations. Contractors 
also must complete our Devon Orientation through Veriforce, 
our third-party contractor performance network. Our training 
reinforces our requirement to immediately report any incident 
or near-miss event and to be accountable for our own and 
others’ safety.
Participant feedback from our Hearts and  
Minds workshops
Workforce Safety  continued
33 
The people working closest to the wellhead play a critical 
role in shaping our EHS culture. To actively seek their input, 
three production field offices (Gillette, Wyoming, Killdeer, 
North Dakota, and Carlsbad, New Mexico) formed field 
safety committees. These committees comprise of operators, 
technicians, optimizers and other field personnel. They meet 
monthly to discuss issues and concerns from the field and make 
recommendations for improvement. Some examples include: 
replacing pneumatic actuated dumps with electric actuated 
dumps in treater buildings to reduce lower explosive limit 
(LEL) levels, installing appropriate platforms and laddering on 
rod pump units to provide proper fall protection for operators, 
and developing additional Job Hazard Analyses (JHA) for higher 
risk activities.
To foster our positive EHS culture and behaviors, in 2021 
Devon developed the Safe Work Award Program (SWAP) 
to recognize and reward proactive reporting for contractors 
and employees who go beyond minimum EHS requirements. 
Through SWAP, which combines elements of recognition 
programs from both legacy companies, each business unit  
can present up to three employees per month with a  
$200 recognition award. Business units are also allotted  
$1,500 per quarter to recognize the best near miss, good catch 
or hazard identification.
Engaging our workforce
Our Hearts and Minds workshops have been a core element 
of our safety engagement efforts with service, rig and contract 
drilling crews and leaders across Devon since 2014. During 
the workshops, we share our safety culture and approach to 
effective communication, continuous improvement, integrity 
and situational awareness to reduce safety risk.
We adapt the content to meet the needs of our workforce 
and business, which prompted us to recognize the ongoing 
impacts COVID-19 in our 2021 workshops and onboardings. 
Participants told us they appreciated the honest discussions 
about mental health and tools to address mental health issues, 
including Devon’s Employee Assistance Program, and suicide 
prevention and crisis hotline information. Hearts and Minds 
continues to be a place to talk openly about challenges and 
listen to our workforce as we drive home why safety is so 
important to Devon.
Stop Work Responsibility
Proactively managing safety risks is a key factor in maintaining 
safe working conditions. Starting with new-hire safety 
orientation and continuing on our work sites, we emphasize 
the importance of Stop Work Responsibility. Employees have 
the right, responsibility and obligation to speak up and stop 
any action, task or behavior that is or could be unsafe. It’s also 
a way we live our value of courage, and Devon pledges to 
support anyone who exercises their Stop Work Responsibility. 
We capture and track proactive stops and good catches, 
and recognize individuals for stopping work to safeguard 
themselves, each other and the environment.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
“ Love how you shared about mental 
health to remind people to be kind or  
even if an individual is going through 
something how to seek help.”
“ Hearts & Minds will motivate you to be 
as safe as you can throughout the day 
and make it home to your family every 
day. I really feel like this workshop helps 
us become better people at the end of 
the day.”
“ This course made me believe that Devon 
really does care about my safety.”
RESPONSIBILITYRESPONSIBILITY
TO
1-844-310-3439
We back up our pledge to support 
anyone who exercises their Stop 
Work Responsibility. The EHS Hotline 
(1-844-310-3439) is available for any 
individual who tried to stop work but 
felt they were not supported.

34 
Contractor partnerships
The contract partners who provide work in the field are vital 
to safe, environmentally responsible and efficient operations, 
and building relationships with them to succeed as one team 
is a Devon value. We seek to work with contractors who have 
the strongest safety programs and track records, and we strive 
to work only with approved contractors who complete our 
supplier qualification process and meet our substantial policy 
and insurance requirements. Contractors are responsible for 
having EHS programs that meet or exceed all federal, state and 
local laws, rules and regulations, as well as Devon’s standards 
and protocols for essential safety activities. 
As part of integrating best practices, in 2021 we transitioned 
to Veriforce for third-party contractor verification and 
management. Our Veriforce dashboard allows us to monitor 
a contractor’s compliance with our EHS, insurance, OSHA 
verification and other requirements, and enables contractors to 
upload needed documentation. In addition, we use a separate 
third-party service to monitor contractors’ compliance with our 
drug and alcohol policy. 
We require contractors to perform high-quality, safe and 
environmentally sound work. Contractors are expected to 
provide and retain quality personnel who are adequately 
trained to perform their jobs safely, and we work constantly 
to raise the level of contractor safety performance through 
training and engagement. 
Contractors must complete the widely used SafeLand, RigPass 
or equivalent safety training to work with Devon, unless 
specifically exempted by our EHS Contractor Management 
protocol. These programs and Devon’s contractor safety 
orientation are available on the Veriforce eLearning platform. 
Our field orientation reviews critical safety rules for specific 
activities performed on field locations, such as fall protection, 
confined space, hot work, energy isolation, spill prevention 
and waste management, among others. Oil haulers and all 
other contractors who work in transportation must complete 
safety briefings specific to their work. Devon’s company 
website provides contractors with easy access to our safety 
requirements, expectations, protocols, Safety Data Sheets 
(SDS), forms and tools. 
Before starting work, crews 
participate in pre-task tailgate 
meetings to proactively manage 
risk and raise awareness of the 
potential risks and exposures, 
required personal protective 
equipment (PPE) and other 
aspects of the job.
Leadership engagements in the field can have a positive 
impact on our workforce, safety performance and operational 
excellence. Our field personnel wear hard hat stickers that say 
“Ask me my reason for working safely” to encourage safety-
related engagements. The conversations that result often 
reveal that people work safely so they can return home to  
their family and friends — a higher motivation than simply 
following procedures. 
Workforce Safety  continued
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Devon works to promote a safe and secure 
working environment for all employees 
and contractors, from office staff to field 
workers. Our mission is to enable the 
health, safety and productivity of all 
persons involved in Devon operations by 
encouraging an EHS-centered culture. 
We provide training and tools, swiftly 
and thoroughly investigate incidents and 
near-miss events, crowd-source insights, 
apply new learnings and pledge to support 
anyone who stops work for any kind of 
perceived threat to safety.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
To continue building relationships with contractors, in 2022 our 
field safety professionals are working with each of our business 
units to select contract companies to audit with the goal of 
strengthening our partnerships and identifying opportunities 
for EHS performance improvement. They’re reviewing 
contractor EHS programs, making field visits and interviewing 
contractor crews to ensure their understanding and alignment 
of these programs. If any issues are found, they will develop 
action plans to help bring contractors up to standard. 
For contractors who perform work on Devon’s locations, we 
plan to begin annual evaluations of their performance in key 
ESG areas in 2023. We have begun working with Veriforce 
to develop a Devon ESG module to add to our contractor 
dashboard to help us achieve this goal. We believe this will 
help us understand how contractors align with our core 
ESG priorities, encourage constructive engagements with 
contractors who perform services directly on our work sites 
and ultimately enhance our supplier relationships.

Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Workforce Safety  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Auditing field and process compliance
Audits to identify and correct safety concerns are an 
element of Devon’s EHS Management System. Each business 
unit is required to perform an annual safety self-audit of 
compliance with regulations and our EHS protocols. Findings of 
noncompliance and suggestions for improvement are recorded 
in our Incident Management System (IMS) and tracked to 
closure. Business unit EHS professionals lead the audits, with 
guest auditors from other business units on hand to share best 
practices and lessons learned.
More than half of the audit time is spent at field locations, 
focusing on sites where work is under way so auditors can 
engage employees and contractors. Auditors also check 
training, competency and inspection records and other 
documentation. We share trends observed and lessons learned 
during audits across the company to drive improvement.
Devon’s internal audit team provides an additional layer of 
review by performing operational audits in our field offices to 
examine processes and controls for supply chain, inventory, 
fleet management and other functions. Internal audit also 
periodically assesses the field audit process and recommends 
improvement opportunities. For example, Devon internal 
auditors suggested including guest auditors in business unit 
audits to provide an independent voice.
Audits have also led to streamlining to one toll-free number 
for ethics, EHS and other issues across all Devon locations. 
Over time, the corrective actions we complete to address 
audit findings can lead to safety, operational and process 
improvements.
Rig fleet safety audit 
To help ensure we provide safe workplaces, Devon engaged 
a well-respected third party to audit our rig fleet in 2021. The 
thorough process inspected over 700 line items in every area 
of each rig and the equipment used daily to safely drill wells. 
Across all 16 rigs, the majority of findings were low risk, with 
two high-risk findings and no life-critical findings. 
The findings from each audit were shared with our drilling 
leadership team to help them create a safer work environment 
for our contractors. The team decided to conduct these 
comprehensive inspections annually, as well as maintain the 
onsite presence of a person in charge and safety coach at each 
rig to reinforce our safety culture. In addition, Devon EHS 
coaches will continue periodic audits on our locations as we 
keep exploring ways to attain the safest and most hazard-free 
work areas possible.
35

36 
Driving improvement
Devon sets corporate safety goals every year to focus our 
efforts to improve performance. We want to prevent SIFs and 
all injuries and incidents so our employees and contractors can 
return home safely every day. 
We achieved our corporate safety goals in 2021 by reducing 
our SIF event rate (for employees + contractors) to 0.07 per 
200,000 hours worked, which was significantly lower than the 
goal and the 2020 rate, and utilizing SIF learnings throughout 
Devon to prevent future occurrences. We believe this resulted 
from the open and transparent evaluation and integration of 
legacy company best practices following the merger, as well 
as our focus on safe operations throughout the year. We place 
special emphasis on the SIF rate because we want to prevent 
life-threatening and life-altering incidents, and to understand 
high-risk near misses to help us improve.
SIF investigations are led by each business unit and reviewed 
and shared by the EHS Council. In 2021, they identified root 
causes and assigned a wide range of corrective actions, 
including coaching vendor rig crews, adding trainings, 
changing and increasing training on protocols, and updating 
policies. During the higher-risk summer holidays, the drilling 
and completions team recorded zero SIFs by increasing 
communications, engagements and re-focus meetings.
We also review SIFs where no one was injured and industry 
SIFs to better understand trends, mitigations and best 
practices. Devon is a founding participant in a voluntary 
industry program driving to eliminate SIF events in U.S. 
onshore E&P operations. Participants in the API Onshore 
Safety Alliance (OSA) commit to support the OSA guiding 
principles, industry sharing and learning, and to carry out 
a Life Saving Actions program, risk assessments, incident 
investigations and other safety actions. 
To give a comprehensive view of our safety performance, 
Devon also tracks the Days Away Restricted Rate (DART), Lost 
Time Incident Rate (LTIR) and Total Recordable Incident Rate 
(TRIR) for employees and contractors. In 2021, our TRIR (for 
employees + contractors) increased 14% compared to 2020, 
with hand and finger injuries accounting for 42% of recordable 
injuries in 2021. We started off 2022 with a companywide 
stand-down to have meaningful discussions on preventing 
hand and finger injuries. In addition, workover operations team 
leaders gave crews custom Devon gloves and encouraged 
them to wear them and take to heart the message printed 
on the wrist: “MY Fingers = MY Future = MY Family.” To keep 
the injury prevention conversation going, many crews hung a 
special Devon alert in their workspace.
Workforce Safety  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
2022 corporate safety goals 
Devon’s 2022 corporate safety goals continue our mission to 
protect the lives of our employees, contractors and communities. 
Based on our underlying metrics, the goals are weighted toward 
leading indicators, and demonstrate our level of commitment to 
safety and to delivering a superior safety culture.
Safety accounts for 50% of the company’s ESG goal in 
2022, or 7.5% of the overall corporate scorecard. SIF event 
reduction represents the largest portion of the safety goal.
Utilizing SIF learnings to reduce SIF exposure and events and 
improve processes, culture and workplace safety remains a 
companywide goal for the fourth year.
Engage Your Mind, Then Drive
Driving is one of the most dangerous activities for Devon 
employees, who drove 14.7 million miles in 2021, down 
from 16.2 million in 2020. We rolled out the legacy WPX 
safe driving campaign in the third quarter of 2021 to raise 
awareness and share useful habits for safe driving. The 
“Engage Your Mind, Then Drive” campaign encourages 
a pre-job planning approach to driving to positively 
impact Devon employees, as well as their families and 
communities. Employees received a sticker to place on 
the driver side window as a visible reminder to complete 
a 360-degree walkaround of their vehicle before entering 
it to look for hazards. 
In 2022, we’re using onboard GPS data to track company 
vehicles on speeding, seatbelt use, hard braking, hard 
Guided by our values to always do what’ s right, support each other and proactively 
manage risk, we continue to empower the entire Devon team with the culture, tools 
and processes to work safely.
acceleration and other indicators to further improve 
driving behaviors. We’re also requiring employees who 
have assigned vehicles to take hands-on commentary 
driver training administered by a third party. Additionally, 
EHS and operations professionals completed 
certifications to teach defensive driving classes to their 
fellow company drivers. This highlights the approach 
the company is taking to equip our workforce with the 
needed knowledge and skills for specific job tasks.
Custom Devon work gloves given to crews to encourage the 
safety message: “MY Fingers = My Future = MY Family.”

With global cybersecurity threats and Devon’s  
digital technology use both increasing, we focus  
on protecting our networks, systems and the 
significant amount of data we use to run our  
business. Devon invests in state-of-the-art tools  
and processes to safeguard our technology  
advantage, operate our business safely and  
reliably, manage risk and deliver results. 
Our highly skilled and trained digital security professionals 
apply artificial intelligence, process automation, data 
analytics and other techniques in the field and office.  
We require and pay for each member of our security 
operations team to earn SANS Institute certifications  
for security essentials and incident handling.
Each week, the cybersecurity team meets to discuss 
cyberthreats, incidents and effective prevention measures. 
The team proactively develops, uses and shares information 
on cyberthreats to enhance our knowledge with appropriate 
levels and layers of automation. Our digital security 
professionals collaborate with Devon operations, information 
technology, corporate security and other teams to 
strengthen our cybersecurity controls and capabilities. 
We provide regular quarterly updates to our board and 
its Audit Committee regarding our information security 
program. Devon’s management team routinely updates the 
committee on our major cybersecurity plans and initiatives, 
benchmarking assessments and current events that could 
impact cybersecurity for our company and industry. Three of 
our directors have technology or cybersecurity experience 
that enhances the board’s risk oversight role.
Mitigating cybersecurity risk
Our corporate information security policy and program are 
aligned with the federal NIST Cybersecurity Framework for 
risk management. To further mitigate cybersecurity risk, 
our policy and program are assessed by third-party experts, 
and we maintain specialized insurance for possible liability 
resulting from a cyberattack on our assets. We also internally 
exercise and test our incident response and disaster recovery 
plans as part of Devon’s corporate emergency preparedness 
program. In 2021 and 2022, we have been building on our 
disaster recovery capabilities with field and business unit 
exercises and security training. 
A culture of prevention and compliance strengthens our digital 
security. All employees take cybersecurity awareness training 
during onboarding and through annual refresher training. 
Teams that have access to sensitive data take specific training 
and employees receive recognition if they help us avoid 
cybersecurity events. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, 
the Information System General Usage Policy and related 
policies provide guidance on our information systems.
Cybersecurity
37 
Protecting our information systems and technology advantage
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Devon continues to develop our own patented technologies, 
deploy mobile apps in the field and commercialize and scale 
technology solutions in partnership with innovators. As part of 
its role to protect data and technology appropriately, our digital 
security team evaluates technologies that we build, buy and 
deploy and makes recommendations to the business owners.
The COVID-19 pandemic, 2021 Colonial Pipeline ransomware 
attack and the war in Ukraine have highlighted the need 
to secure our information and infrastructure. We continue 
to reassess internal controls, follow federal government 
recommendations and take other precautions, while enabling 
employees to work efficiently and effectively from any 
location. Through ongoing efforts to educate employees to 
recognize increasingly sophisticated threats like malware, 
ransomware and phishing attempts, we are heightening digital 
security awareness in our workforce. 
Align our corporate information 
security policy and program with 
the U.S. Department of Commerce’s 
National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity 
Framework for risk assessment.
Require and pay for 100% of 
Devon security operations team 
professionals to earn industry 
certifications in security essentials 
and incident handling.
Provide training, recognition  
and enforcement to enhance our 
culture of prevention.
Use best practices in our  
external-facing website.
TO MITIGATE CYBERSECURITY RISK, WE:

38 Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Emergency Preparedness
Exercising our capabilities and demonstrating cross-sector leadership
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon prioritizes life safety and business continuity 
when incidents occur that could impact our 
employees, our assets, our business and the 
environment. We dedicate resources to emergency 
preparedness and follow nationally recognized 
standards for effective incident management. 
Our centralized corporate emergency management function 
leads Devon’s emergency response and recovery efforts for 
operational incidents, weather events, supply disruptions 
and other incidents. We follow the Federal Emergency 
Management Agency’s (FEMA) National Incident Management 
System (NIMS) to manage emergency response in cooperation 
with community agencies.
Coordinated incident response 
Devon provides in-house training, drills and exercises on the 
NIMS Incident Command System (ICS) to be ready for timely, 
effective incident response. Our emergency management 
program leader is a certified Emergency Manager and ICS 
instructor, which strengthens our capabilities. 
As part of post-merger integration efforts, Devon provided 
incident management training and discussion-based response 
exercises in all field operating areas and with corporate 
employees in Oklahoma City in 2021. About one-third of 
Devon employees are now trained in incident management, 
and about 150 employees are trained as floor wardens to lead 
building and facility occupants to safety and provide medical 
assistance during an emergency.
 
In 2022, our emergency preparedness program reflects 
legacy WPX’s strong capabilities in the first hour of response 
and Devon’s coordinated approach that supports sustained 
communications and emergency management. During 
drills and incident responses, we continue to integrate best 
practices that keep us ready to respond. We are building 
capabilities across the enterprise and strengthening 
relationships among departments that may need to work 
together during a response. In 2022, we are also broadening 
awareness of how a technology disruption could impact 
our operations and building resilience across teams through 
simulated response.
Working with partners
To help promote preparedness, Devon engages law 
enforcement, fire departments, emergency management and 
emergency medical services. We follow the U.S. Department 
of Homeland Security (DHS) Security Exercise and Evaluation 
Program, which allows us to provide community partners with 
documentation that validates their participation for federal 
funding and medical facility accreditation requirements.
Continuous improvement
After every exercise and actual response, we document areas 
for improvement, best practices and strengths. As part of 
our continuous improvement efforts, corrective actions are 
incorporated into our EHS incident management system. 
When emergencies and incidents occur, these practices enable 
Devon to protect our workforce, our neighbors and our assets. 
In turn, we’re protecting our business and license to operate.
Broad view of critical industries’ 
security, protection and resiliency
We believe robust emergency management 
capabilities throughout industry and government 
contribute to community safety and security. We 
support the head of our emergency management 
program in her role as the chair-elect for the 
Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Security Agency 
(CISA) Critical Infrastructure Cross-Sector Council. 
The council comprises 16 critical infrastructure 
industries, including energy, transportation, 
food and agriculture, and healthcare and public 
health. The council coordinates the private 
sector’s cooperative efforts to advance its critical 
infrastructure security, protection and resiliency 
mission. Devon’s involvement in leading this 
council gives us early insights into emerging issues, 
pending laws and regulations, and other critical 
information that enhances our ability to manage 
risk and maintain business continuity.

39 
Governance 
Strong values, oversight and risk management
Resource Links:      
      Corporate Governance Guidelines
      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
       Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive 
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Accounting Officer
      Anti-Corruption Policy
      Ethics and Compliance Helpline
      Certificate of Incorporation
      Bylaws
      Privacy Policy
      ESG Steering Committee Charter
      Investor Communications
      Annual Proxy Statements
       Annual Political Activity and  
Lobbying Report
       Devon Energy Corporation Political 
Action Committee Annual Report
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Overview
Environment
The Governance section of our 2022 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 40
Corporate Governance 41
Enterprise Risk Management 44
Shareholder Engagement 45
Public Advocacy 46
Ethics and Integrity 48
   
 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Overview
40 
To deliver results, we focus on operational excellence, 
top-tier environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
performance, and constructive stakeholder engagement. 
We integrate our environmental, health and safety (EHS) 
commitment into our operations and incorporate ESG 
performance goals into our compensation program.
As we work to be financially, environmentally and socially responsible,  
Devon is guided by our core values and corporate governance principles.  
We sustain the trust we’ve built with our stakeholders with ethics, integrity  
and recognized governance practices such as proactive shareholder  
engagement and risk management.
Climate Action 
page 44
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action plan  
for organizations seeking to provide affordable  
energy, produced responsibly to protect the  
environment, while also promoting peace and  
prosperity for all people. In this report, we have 
 identified a variety of Devon’s business activities  
that align with the U.N. SDGs. Here in the  
governance section, look for:
2019 2020 2021
Independent Board Members 91%1 82%1 73%
Currently, eight of our 11 board members (73%) qualify as independent  
under NYSE standards and SEC regulations.
Women Board Members 27%1 27%1 27%
Currently three women (27%) serve on our board of directors, including the chairs  
of Devon’s Audit and Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committees.
Contributions - Trades and Political   (thousands) $2,1442 $2,234 2 $2,385
In 2019, we began disclosing non-deductible trade association dues.
Lobbying - Federal and State   (thousands) $1,1782 $7432 $433
Devon’s lobbying and political activity is disclosed via public agencies, as well as  
through the company’s Political Activity and Lobbying Report available on our website.
Governance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
1  Reflects legacy Devon board composion following the annual election of directors each June.
2 Legacy Devon only.
Devon’s senior leaders evaluate risks and opportunities 
to continuously improve our ESG performance and 
transparency. Our ESG Steering Committee plays an  
active role by informing management on current and 
emerging issues that influence business planning,  
strategy and operations.
 
Taking Action
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    Expanded the former Governance Committee’s 
responsibilities to include environmental and public 
policy oversight, renaming it the Governance, 
Environmental and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee.
    Increased transparency on board diversity by disclosing 
individual diversity characteristics of board members.
    Increased board engagement and oversight of 
environmental targets and strategy, diversity, equity 
and inclusion (DEI), and other ESG matters. 
    Tied executive compensation more closely to 
ESG performance with more quantifiable metrics, 
increased weighting for ESG and related metrics 
and additional transparency into our corporate 
performance scorecard and goals.
ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 
    Increased the frequency and depth of reporting 
on our ethics program to the board’s Audit 
Committee by establishing the Business Ethics 
Resource Center.
PUBLIC ADVOCACY 
    Engaged constructively with federal and state 
regulators, diverse stakeholders and thought 
leaders to broaden our perspectives on key public 
policy issues.
STRATEGIC ASSESSMENT
    In addition to Devon’s 2022 ESG goal, the 
company created a standalone emissions 
reduction goal that accounts for 15% of the 
overall corporate scorecard.
TRANSPARENCY
    Published our 2021 Climate Change Assessment 
Report, which is consistent with the core elements 
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) framework.
    Published our 2021 Political Activity and Lobbying 
Report and 2022 Sustainability Report as we further 
advanced our commitment to transparency and 
disclosure performance.
Overview
Environment
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Devon recognizes that strong corporate governance 
is required to maintain our social license to operate. 
We strive for effective decision-making and risk 
management as we conduct our business in keeping 
with our corporate values and ESG responsibilities, 
serving the interests of our stakeholders.
We’ve developed an effective corporate governance 
framework that evolves with our business. Progressive 
principles and practices guide our board of directors, 
executive management and workforce in making a positive 
and sustainable impact.
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines support the long-term 
interests of the company and our stakeholders by focusing 
on certain core principles for effective governance of the 
company. The guidelines cover board composition, policies, 
procedures and committees. They also provide direction for 
the recruitment, selection, responsibilities, compensation and 
evaluation of individual directors. The guidelines are updated 
from time-to-time, including in March 2021 following our 
merger with WPX, to reflect the evolving needs of our  
go-forward company.
Corporate Governance
41 
Integrity, accountability and disclosure
C | Chair      M | Member
Audit  
Committee
Compensation 
Committee
Governance, Environmental  
and Public Policy Committee
Reserves  
Committee
Non-Management Directors
Barbara Baumann M C
John E. Bethancourt M C
Ann G. Fox
Kelt Kindick, Lead Director M M
John Krenicki Jr. M M
Karl F. Kurz M M M
Robert A. Mosbacher Jr. C M
Duane C. Radtke M M
Valerie M. Williams C M
Management Directors
David A. Hager, Executive Chair
Rick E. Muncrief, President and CEO
Director committee assignments
As of June 2022
Charters
  Audit Committee Charter
 The Audit Committee assists the  
board in ensuring the integrity of 
Devon’s financial statements and 
reporting system, compliance with  
legal and regulatory requirements,  
and performance of internal and 
external audit functions.
  Compensation Committee Charter
 The Compensation Committee 
determines the compensation for 
Devon’s senior executives and provides 
oversight of the company’s employee 
benefit programs.
  Governance, Environmental  
and Public Policy Committee
 The GEPP Committee assists the board 
in identifying qualified individuals 
for board membership; oversees the 
company’s corporate governance; 
reviews Devon’s EHS efforts, social 
responsibility programs and stakeholder 
engagement; advises the board on 
significant public policy issues; and 
oversees integrating sustainability into 
strategic and tactical business activities.
  Reserves Committee Charter 
The Reserves Committee provides 
oversight of the annual review and 
evaluation of Devon’s consolidated 
petroleum and natural gas reserves, 
reporting system, compliance, 
regulatory requirements and  
related disclosures.
  Dividend Committee Charter 
The Dividend Committee assists the 
board with its duties and responsibilities 
in the declaration and payment of 
dividends on Devon’s common stock.
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Independent board members bring fresh perspectives and 
diverse skills to their oversight of the company. The majority
of Devon’s board members qualify as independent, based on 
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards and
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations. Eight 
of 11 (73%) Devon board members qualified as independent 
as of June 2022. 
After closing the merger with WPX, the board appointed 
a non-management director to serve in a lead director 
capacity. Among other responsibilities, the lead director 
seeks to optimize board performance through regular 
feedback to help ensure the diverse viewpoints of all 
directors are heard, and that a climate of constructive candor 
is created in which frank and thoughtful discussion occurs.
The full board has primary responsibility for risk oversight of the 
company, with specific areas of risk delegated to four standing 
committees: Audit, Compensation, Reserves, and Governance, 
Environmental and Public Policy (GEPP). All members of the 
GEPP, Audit and Compensation committees are independent,  
as required in our Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the 
members of the Reserves Committee are independent as well.
In our first year as a newly merged company, the full 
board and board committees integrated and aligned their 
governance approach and adopted best practices from both 
legacy company boards. The GEPP, Audit and Compensation 
committees review various aspects of Devon’s ESG activities, 
metrics and reporting, and the full board is involved in 
assessing our ESG risks.
Independence
Eight of Devon’s 11 directors qualify as independent  
under NYSE standards and SEC regulations.
As of June 2022

Deep dives into relevant matters are part of each board 
meeting. External speakers, stockholders and thought 
leaders were invited to our September 2021 and 2022 board 
meetings to share information and insights. In 2022, the 
board continued to focus on ESG performance and tactics 
for improvement, as well as the company’s progress with 
collecting more detailed ESG-related data.
Board diversity
Our decisions and actions have benefited from informed 
input from board members with a wide range of 
experiences, skills and backgrounds, including gender, race 
and ethnic diversity. Our board considers such diversity to 
be a key feature of a high-functioning board.
In its role of nominating qualified candidates for director, 
and in compliance with our Corporate Governance 
Guidelines, the GEPP Committee seeks to include women 
and minority candidates in the pool it puts forward for 
selection, and requires any search firm it engages to do the 
same.
As of June 2022, our board included three women (27%) 
and one racially diverse (9%) director, with women chairing 
both the GEPP and Audit Committees. Current board tenure 
of approximately 1-13 years provides a balance of fresh 
viewpoints and continuity. Our directors range in age  
from 45 to 73. Our board retirement age is 74 for  
non-management directors.
Shareholders elect Devon directors at our annual meeting 
for one-year terms. Our bylaws require a director who does 
not receive a plurality of votes in an uncontested election to 
offer to resign, which has not happened in Devon’s 51-year 
history. At our 2022 annual meeting, our directors received 
an average approval rating of 96%. 
42 
Corporate Governance  continued
The GEPP Committee nominates qualified candidates to be 
Devon directors, seeking factors such as the nominees’ integrity 
and accountability , ability to provide informed judgment, 
respect from peers and high performance standards.
The GEPP Committee maintains the former Governance 
Committee’s oversight role for corporate governance and 
for nominating qualified candidates for director positions. 
Following the merger, its scope incorporated expanded 
environmental duties and responsibilities, as well as 
oversight of management’s efforts to integrate sustainability 
into Devon’s business and activities. GEPP Committee 
members regularly hear from Devon leaders and subject 
matter experts on emissions and other environmental 
matters, ESG-related stakeholder engagements, public 
policy developments and our social responsibility programs. 
The GEPP Committee’s endorsement of ESG matters helps 
inform the company’s strategy, plans and priorities, and 
secure internal alignment.
In 2021, the GEPP Committee’s activities included:
    Evaluating the ESG profile of our go-forward company
    Reviewing Devon’s performance on key environmental 
metrics, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions 
    Discussing and endorsing the company’s environmental 
targets announced in June 2021 and tactics for meeting 
the targets
    Discussing the contents of Devon’s 2021 Sustainability 
Report and Climate Change Assessment Report with 
management before their publication
    Reviewing and discussing Devon’s DEI metrics, and actions 
and strategy for improving our workforce DEI, with the 
Compensation Committee and management, reflecting 
the board’s increased emphasis on diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI)
How to contact Devon’s non-management directors
Any stockholder or other interested party may contact 
Devon’s non-management directors individually or as a  
group for any matters by: 
    U.S. mail to non-management Directors, c/o Office of  
the Corporate Secretary, Devon Energy Corporation,  
333 W. Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, 73012
    Calling our non-management directors access  
line at (866) 888-6179 or
    Sending an email to nonmanagement.directors@dvn.com. 
All calls and correspondence are anonymous and kept 
confidential to the extent possible.
Tenure
The tenure of our directors reflects a balance  
of experience and fresh perspectives.
As of June 2022
Diversity
We approached our directors to voluntarily self-disclose 
their race, ethnicity and gender. The aggregate of these 
disclosures is reflected in the chart below.
As of June 2022
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
55% 
0-5 Years
27%
6-10 Years
18% 
10+ Years
4.9                Years
Average Tenure
27%
Gender Diverse
             Ethnically/ 
Racially Diverse
9%

43 
Board and executive compensation
Under our Corporate Governance Guidelines, non-management 
directors are expected to have a significant ownership stake 
in Devon to help align the board’s and stockholders’ interests 
with our long-term performance. The board determines non-
management director compensation annually based on the 
Compensation Committee’s recommendations. Compensation 
for our non-management directors, which is based on market 
norms and includes cash retainers and equity awards, has 
remained relatively consistent in recent years. In 2022, the 
Compensation Committee approved non-management 
directors’ participation in Devon’s matching gift program for 
qualifying charitable contributions up to $10,000 annually. 
Devon employees receive no additional compensation for 
serving on the board.
Devon focuses on generating positive operating returns 
by managing a premier asset portfolio, delivering superior 
execution and exercising disciplined capital allocation. Our 
executive compensation program seeks to create a strong 
tie between company performance and executive pay and 
is closely aligned with shareholders’ interests. This pay-for-
performance philosophy is intended to motivate near-term 
operational and financial success as well as to create long-term 
stockholder value. Total compensation is weighted in favor of 
long-term incentives to emphasize value creation  
and stockholder alignment.
Barbara 
Baumann
John E.
Bethancourt
Ann G.
Fox
David A.
Hager
Kelt
Kindick
John
Krenickl Jr. 
Karl F.  
Kurz
Robert A.
Mosbacher Jr.
Rick E.
Muncrief
Duane C. 
Radtke
Valerie M.
Williams
Age 66 70 45 65 67 59 60 70 63 73 65
Diversity
Key Skills and Experience
Human Capital Mgt./Comp.
Engineering Education/Experience
Finance/Capital Allocation
Regulatory/Policy Matters
Technology or Cybersecurity
Environmental Matters
Corp. Governanve/Risk Mgt.
Investment Mgt./Stewardship
Directors’ Skills and Experience
Corporate Governance  continued
Devon’s compensation philosophy is also designed to attract 
and retain highly trained, experienced executives who have 
the skills, education, business acumen and background to 
create value in a large and diversified oil and gas business. 
The primary components of the company’s executive 
compensation program are base salary, a performance bonus 
and long-term incentives.
Executive compensation is determined annually by the 
Compensation Committee, which evaluates the performance 
of the company and of individual executives and the business 
unit or organization they manage. The leadership team updates 
the board regularly on our economic and operational risks and 
opportunities and on our ESG performance.
In determining executive compensation in 2021, the 
Compensation Committee considered the company’s 
operational and financial achievements and performance 
relative to our corporate goals. Devon set ambitious goals for 
financial results, expenditures, oil and gas production, ESG/EHS 
performance, merger integration and strategic initiatives. 
The company outperformed our targets on nearly all 2021 
goals on our company performance scorecard. In addition, 
Devon’s share price earned the highest Total Shareholder 
Return (TSR) of any stock in the S&P 500 Index during 2021, 
and we achieved the highest TSR in our performance peer 
group in 2021 (196%) and from 2019-2021 (122%). Based 
on these results, the Compensation Committee assigned a 
company performance score of 177%, which led to above-
target bonuses for our employees (including executives).  
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
To help ensure that management and our board understand  
the compensation issues that matter to our stockholders, 
Devon conducts investor outreach throughout the year.  
During 2021, the company contacted the majority of our top 
100 stockholders, interacted with many other stockholders 
and met with representatives of approximately 50 investors. 
The Compensation Committee reviews the feedback resulting 
from this outreach, as well as the most recent advisory 
vote by stockholders on executive compensation. In 2022, 
approximately 95% of voting stockholders voted “for” Devon’s 
executive compensation.
Additional information about our executive compensation 
program is available in the Compensation Discussion and 
Analysis (CD&A) section of our 2022 proxy statement. 
= All three are women. Ms. Williams is Black/African American.
Our directors received average 
voting support of 96% at our 
2022 annual meeting.96%

Systematically identifying and managing economic, 
operational and reputational risks to our business is 
essential to Devon’s efforts to deliver results safely, 
ethically and responsibly. 
The Devon board of directors has primary responsibility 
for risk oversight, and each director has experience in risk 
management. The board’s four standing committees consider 
the current and emerging risks inherent in their areas of 
oversight and update the full board. Our management team 
oversees and reports to the board on the company’s day-
to-day efforts to manage strategic, financial, operational, 
market, ESG, EHS and other risks to our business. In addition, 
management executes the board’s and committees’ risk 
management directives.
Our internal audit director, who manages our enterprise risk 
management (ERM) process, reports directly to the board’s 
Audit Committee and receives additional guidance from our 
executive vice president and chief financial officer. The internal 
audit director, is certified in risk management assurance by the 
Institute of Internal Auditors and leads a team of professionals 
who hold 22 different certifications in accounting, internal 
auditing, risk management, fraud examination, cybersecurity 
and other specializations.
Enterprise Risk Management
44 
Identifying, prioritizing and monitoring risk
Our ERM framework includes an annual risk analysis to 
help us determine the material risks to our business. The 
board, management and subject matter experts across the 
enterprise consider the likelihood that certain risks could 
cause economic or reputational risk to the company, as well 
as our level of preparedness for each risk. During this analysis, 
leaders from multiple work disciplines participate in exercises 
and workshops to help us identify new and emerging risks and 
maintain awareness of business risk across Devon. 
During our post-merger integration in 2021, we evaluated 
every risk category, as well as the risk management processes 
of both legacy companies, and incorporated best practices 
from each into our ERM process. 
In June 2022, climate change, which 
previously was a facet of other risk 
categories, was added as a standalone 
risk category to help ensure we continue 
to adequately monitor and mitigate 
climate-related risks.
Risk review is a year-round process and we plan to review 
individual risk categories again during workshops in 2023.
Please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
ended December 31, 2021, for a more detailed discussion  
of Devon’s material risks.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
As an energy producer, we believe that 
strong governance of corporate climate 
risk is foundational to supporting 
climate action. At Devon, climate-related 
issues are managed by formal corporate 
management structures, including board 
level oversight, and are integrated into our 
enterprise risk management system. For 
example, active risk management led us 
in 2019 to set our first methane reduction 
target (beyond regulatory requirements). 
Read more about our targets and other 
climate tactics in the Environment section 
and our CDP Climate disclosures.
Devon’s ERM framework
Our risk management process enabled us to prepare 
for and respond quickly to the COVID-19 pandemic 
and subsequent economic crisis, while executing 
our business strategy and successfully completing 
the merger of Devon and WPX.
Board oversight
Periodic reporting to 
the board, executive 
committee and 
management
Enterprise risk inventory
Documentation covering  
each risk category including  
risk-mitigation activities
Risk workshops 
Quarterly risk  
discussions
Annual ERM survey
Annual survey of board,  
executive committee,  
management and  
subject matter experts
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Building relationships with our shareholders helps 
Devon anticipate and manage issues that influence 
our long-term success. We’ve learned through 
years of active shareholder outreach that our ESG 
performance is a key component of their valuation 
of the company. Insights from our shareholder 
engagements each year inform our environmental 
targets, shape our ESG programs, impact our 
compensation structure and focus our reporting.
Based on our ongoing engagements, we’ve strengthened 
our governance structure and practices to more effectively 
manage the risks and opportunities of climate change, 
workforce diversity and other ESG issues of interest to our 
shareholders. We expanded the responsibilities of the former 
Governance Committee of our board of directors to include 
environmental and public policy oversight in 2021. Now 
known as the Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy 
(GEPP) Committee, it oversees Devon management in setting 
strategy, establishing goals and integrating sustainability 
into our business activities. Our senior-level ESG Steering 
Committee coordinates related efforts and regularly updates 
the executive committee, GEPP Committee and the full board 
on our progress.
Shareholder Engagement
45 
Building relationships through active outreach
Our vice president of corporate governance, secretary 
and associate general counsel leads Devon’s efforts to 
communicate directly with shareholders to understand their 
interests and needs. Devon senior leaders and subject matter 
experts on ESG topics of interest — including executive 
compensation, field environmental practices and diversity 
— join the meetings to share our strategies and plans. They 
report what they learn to Devon senior management and our 
board, who appreciate shareholder feedback and welcome the 
opportunity to engage with shareholders, as appropriate. 
Responding to shareholder feedback
We value shareholder feedback and use it to evaluate possible 
changes to our programs and practices. As interest in climate 
change has grown, we’ve listened to our shareholders and 
responded by setting our first methane intensity target in 
2019 and additional board-approved environmental targets 
in 2021. These include goals for net zero operational GHG 
emissions and reducing GHG and methane emissions 
intensity, flaring and freshwater use.
To demonstrate our commitment to transparency and 
reporting, we published Climate Change Assessment Reports 
in 2018, 2020 and 2021. The 2021 report is consistent with 
the core elements of the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. We seek to align with 
TCFD because many of our investors and other stakeholders 
prefer this international, multi-industry-led initiative for 
voluntary disclosure of climate-related risk. We continue to 
share our tactics to meet our decarbonization targets, as 
well as information about our water use, biodiversity, land 
reclamation and other environmental topics. 
As a result of shareholder conversations in 2021, our 2022 
corporate performance scorecard includes a standalone 
emissions reduction goal with a 15% weighting. This  
compares to our 2021 emissions goal that made up a  
portion of the ESG/EHS goal that had a cumulative 
weighting of 20%. We believe these actions contributed to 
approximately 95% of voting stockholders casting ballots 
“for” Devon’s say-on-pay vote in 2022. We also began sharing 
individual diversity traits of our board members in response to 
shareholder requests.
Refining our reporting and transparency
Devon participates in third-party ESG-focused surveys and 
assessments that help stakeholders benchmark our progress. 
Our ESG scores are ranked in the top tier of our peer groups 
by Sustainalytics, ISS, Moody’s Vigeo Eiris, RobecoSAM, CDP 
Climate and Water, Just Capital and CPA-Zicklin Index. 
These assessments also help refine our transparency efforts 
and improve our ESG performance. We regularly evaluate 
surveys and additional public disclosures we could make 
to target our reporting on the information that is most 
meaningful for shareholders and other stakeholders. 
Increasing transparency
Devon’s actions to meet our shareholder needs  
for ESG information include the following:
    Publishing a Sustainability Report annually  
since 2018.
    Publishing our Political Activity and Lobbying  
Report annually since 2018.
    Incorporating emissions, safety and other ESG 
metrics into our executive compensation structure, 
including a standalone emissions reduction goal in 
2022.
    Participating in CDP climate reporting for  
18 consecutive years and CDP water reporting  
for nine consecutive years.
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Public policy discussions about our industry are 
evolving along with growing interest in the energy 
transition and the sustainability of oil and gas 
development and production. Devon is committed 
to developing solutions that enable us to deliver 
results. We’re engaging constructively and building 
relationships with a wide range of stakeholders – 
from federal and state regulators, to think tanks and 
nongovernmental organizations (NGO).
As a leading U.S. energy company, Devon participates in 
local, state, national and global economies. The company 
monitors developments in regulations, taxes, trade, jobs, 
ESG performance and other issues that impact our business. 
We have a responsibility to advocate for laws and rules 
that meet business and societal needs, and to consider and 
communicate the impacts and trade-offs of our decisions.
Our board’s Governance, Environmental and Public Policy 
(GEPP) Committee advises the full board and management on 
public policy issues that affect Devon and our stakeholders. 
Our vice president of public and government affairs, who is 
a member of the ESG Steering Committee, leads our efforts 
to advocate for Devon’s business interests. This role includes 
regular discussions with the GEPP Committee on public policy 
issues and our spending. Our core value of integrity commits 
us to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules in 
our advocacy role. 
Public Advocacy
46 
Proactively developing solutions
Encouraging sound public policy
Important decisions about energy, the environment and 
the economy require accurate information and thoughtful 
deliberation across diverse viewpoints. We are committed to 
having constructive conversations, building relationships and 
developing solutions—with a broad range of stakeholders—
that help us deliver results, meet business and societal needs, 
address stakeholder concerns and encourage sound public 
policy. For example, we have worked with stakeholders 
ranging from New Mexico state regulators to environmental 
groups such as the Environmental Defense Fund on methane 
regulations and flaring.
We strive to help stakeholders understand how proposed 
policies impact our day-to-day operations and longer-term 
business prospects, as well as the value of oil and gas 
production to governments and society. This is reflected in 
our balanced approach to prominent policy issues including 
federal and state emissions regulations, climate change, 
financial regulations and global commodity markets. Devon 
has publicly supported the aims of the Biden Administration 
to chart a path toward a durable framework for regulating 
methane at the federal level that encourages innovation and 
operational flexibility. We continue to engage constructively 
with the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) as the 
agency promulgates more stringent methane regulations in 
the oil and natural gas industry.
 
Broadening our perspective
Devon is increasing our involvement in public policy thought 
leadership by joining think tanks like the Bipartisan Policy 
Center, Atlantic Council, Columbia SIPA Center on Global 
Energy Policy and Wilson Center. Proactive engagements with 
a broad spectrum of leaders help us develop solutions on 
issues that affect our business and stakeholders before they 
become the focus of laws and regulations. 
2021 Political Activity 
and Lobbying Report
Political Activity and 
Lobbying Report Archives * 
 
We’re building relationships with the University of Oklahoma, 
Oklahoma State University and other institutions to drive 
practical discussions on technology, climate change and  
other issues. This outreach has the added benefit of 
enhancing our research, recruitment and community 
engagement capabilities.
In 2022, Devon is monitoring proposed federal emissions 
regulations, SEC rules on climate disclosures, and other 
pending administrative and regulatory actions. Our  
multi-stakeholder approach involves our internal ESG, 
government relations and other teams, and we plan to 
continue being part of external efforts aimed at finding 
mutually beneficial solutions for complex issues. 
Overview
Environment
* data reflects legacy Devon only
2020 2019
2018 2017
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

47 
Industry leadership
We’re active in industry associations, trade groups, business 
coalitions and advocacy groups to make our views on 
regulations and laws known. We share information about 
industry issues with our employees to aid discussions with 
their friends and neighbors, and we encourage them to vote.
Devon’s CEO is an executive committee member of the 
American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) and 
the American Petroleum Institute (API). We’re a founder and 
current steering committee member of The Environmental 
Partnership, API’s growing coalition taking action to improve 
the industry’s environmental performance. Our involvement 
in the partnership and in developing a methane rule in New 
Mexico is a model for Devon’s industry collaboration.
Devon employees are leaders in industry associations such 
as the Petroleum Alliance of Oklahoma, the Petroleum 
Association of Wyoming (PAW), North Dakota Petroleum 
Council, New Mexico Oil and Gas Association (NMOGA), 
Texas Oil and Gas Association (TXOGA), and Texas Methane 
and Flaring Coalition. Being active in these organizations 
keeps Devon updated on laws, regulations and issues in the 
states where we operate.
Public Advocacy  continued
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

At Devon, we’re committed to doing what’s right  
and to demonstrating our fundamental value of 
integrity in all aspects of our business. Openness, 
honesty and respect are key to building trusting 
relationships, demonstrating courage and delivering 
results for our stakeholders. Our high standards 
of ethical and legal conduct, transparency and 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations 
are vital to creating sustainable value for our 
shareholders.
The Audit Committee of Devon’s board of directors monitors 
our business practices and ethical standards and oversees 
legal and regulatory compliance. Together with Devon’s 
executive vice president and general counsel, the Audit 
Committee reviews our business ethics program annually, 
including the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (code)  
and our Anti-Corruption Policy and Procedures.
Establishing high standards
Our code and associated policies reflect a blending of best 
practices of legacy Devon and WPX following our merger 
in 2021. The code sets out the basic principles for legal and 
ethical conduct for each Devon director, officer and employee, 
and guides how we fulfill our responsibilities to each other, 
business partners, shareholders, governments and the law. We 
also require our chief executive officer, chief financial officer 
and chief accounting officer to adhere to an additional, more 
rigorous code of ethics.
We expect Devon directors, officers and employees to comply 
with policies associated with the code that provide guidance on 
specific business practices. These include our Zero Tolerance 
Anti-Harassment Policy, Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention 
and Testing Policy, Delegation of Authority Policy, Conflicts of 
Interest Policy and Environmental, Health and Safety Policy. 
Ethics and Integrity
48 
Doing what’ s right
Devon proactively reinforces the importance and understanding 
of our ethical standards, legal obligations and regulatory 
compliance requirements. We require employees to complete 
an ethics training course when they join the company, and this 
training was part of onboarding for employees joining Devon 
from WPX in 2021. All employees receive the same ethics 
training annually, and must acknowledge and agree to abide by 
our code and its related policies. We reported a 100% rate of 
code acknowledgement in 2021 to the Audit Committee.
To maintain high awareness and understanding of Devon’s 
expectations, we review the training, code and policies each 
year and update them as needed.
Reporting violations
To help us maintain our relationships and reputation, Devon 
employees have an obligation to enforce the code and report 
potential violations. We do not allow retaliation for making a 
report in good faith.
Employees can make a report to our executive vice president 
and general counsel or to our third-party Ethics and 
Compliance Helpline, available at all times by phone and 
online. The Helpline is a secure, safe and confidential channel 
to report harassment, inappropriate behavior, fraud, unsafe 
acts, accounting irregularities, human rights violations or any 
other potential code or policy violation. In addition, employees 
Strengthening our response  
to ethics reports
We improved our capability for addressing ethics 
reports by establishing the Business Ethics Resource 
Center, a best practice from WPX, in 2021. Center 
participants include the executive vice president and 
general counsel, vice president of corporate services 
and associate general counsel, and director of HR 
business partners. They review all good faith reports 
from the Helpline, corporate and digital security and 
other sources to determine next steps to investigate 
the reports. The team makes quarterly reports to the 
Audit Committee, an increase from annual reporting 
in the past, that helps identify issues that might need 
additional monitoring or require training to raise 
awareness.
Ethics and compliance helpline metrics
of users requested  
anonymity.
50%
of reports of possible  
ethics violations came  
through the online portal.
76%
of reports were  
unsubstantiated, simple  
inquiries or system tests.
92% 100%
of investigations initiated  
in 2021 were closed  
by year-end.
Overview
Environment
ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE HELPLINE
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
can use the Helpline to seek guidance on our ethics policy, 
follow up on a reported issue or ask an ethics-related question. 
The Helpline is also available for reporting by stakeholders. 
Reports will be investigated promptly.
Fraud awareness
We work to prevent invoicing abuse, digital scams and other 
types of fraud with an active fraud awareness program. Our 
team of fraud examiners has fraud investigation experience. 
They help enable us to identify and avoid working with 
vendors that pose a fraud risk and quickly take action to 
prevent financial loss and mitigate risk. 
Devon has expanded the composition of our internal steering 
committee that identifies industry trends and emerging 
threats. Committee members include field operations, 
supply chain and other functions. The committee also shares 
information with our corporate security, internal audit and 
digital security teams to prevent fraud across the company.
In 2022, we’re visiting major field offices to provide in-
person fraud awareness training for employees who work 
in the field, in accounting and other functions, and to hear 
their observations about new threats and scams. We share 
information on fraud trends with all employees to help them 
recognize and report fraudulent activity. 
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Governance

The Social section of our 2022 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 50
Community Engagement 51
STEM 53
Philanthropy 56
Human Rights 58
49 
Social
Investing in our communities
Resource Links:      
      STEM grants
       Corporate Giving Policy
       Statement on Human Rights
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Overview
50 Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Our core value of relationships grounds Devon’s social 
investments. We listen to our stakeholders to understand 
their concerns, assess their needs and find the most 
effective ways we can help. By bringing together local and 
national nonprofits, private foundations and corporations, 
we’re able to expand the reach and effectiveness of our 
social investments. Devon advocates for tribal traditions, 
community development and youth programs where we 
operate. Our employee volunteers show their dedication 
to enhancing quality of life by helping alleviate hunger, 
advance education, deliver necessities and by enriching our 
communities. In our relationships and engagements, we’re 
committed to work with integrity, earn trust, empower 
others and keep improving.
We’re responsive to our community stakeholders and 
available to handle any concerns we receive in person,  
by phone and online. Devon’s trained team of experienced 
land, community relations, field operations, corporate 
communication and other professionals is prepared to 
respond to issues and collaborate with stakeholders to  
find solutions.
To be a socially responsible operator, Devon focuses on building strong, safe 
communities and an educated workforce. We invest in aspects of community life 
where we can have the greatest impact, while aligning with Devon’s values and 
business goals: STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) education, 
public safety, social services and vibrancy in the communities where we operate.
STEM EDUCATION
    Impacted 80,200 students and 1,350 teachers 
through our STEM investments.
    Opened 108 STEM centers across our 
operating areas in partnership with the  
Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation.
INCREASED GIVING
     Invested nearly $3 million in STEM education 
in 2021, an increase of 255% compared to 
2020, including 47 new Ripken STEM centers 
in Tulsa, Oklahoma — one in each elementary 
school.
    Significantly increased our Inclusion and  
Equity Grants from $100,000 for ten 
Oklahoma City organizations in 2021 to 
$268,000 and in-kind donations for  
19 organizations in Oklahoma City and  
the New Mexico Delaware Basin in 2022.
HUMANITARIAN SUPPORT
    Pledged up to $20 million for humanitarian 
efforts in Ukraine for organizations providing 
emergency medical care, food supplies, 
financial support, and housing for displaced 
civilians and refugees in the region.
DEVON’S GOALS
    Tied social performance to bonus 
compensation for all employees by setting 
company performance scorecard goals to 
enhance STEM education, expand diversity, 
equity and inclusion (DEI) charitable 
programming, and increase employee 
engagement through community programs  
in 2022.
2019 2020 2021
Social Investments (millions) $7.8 $5.3 $13.7
Social Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
Quality Education 
page 53
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action  
plan for organizations seeking to provide  
affordable energy, produced responsibly to  
protect the environment, while also promoting  
peace and prosperity for all people. In this report,  
we have identified a variety of Devon’s business 
activities that align with the U.N. SDGs. Here in  
the social section, look for:
Taking Action
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Earning the trust of our stakeholders by what we 
say and do is a part of the Devon culture and one of 
our corporate values. We’re committed to building 
relationships of mutual respect with our coworkers 
and their families, shareholders, neighbors, 
landowners, mineral-rights holders, policymakers, 
lawmakers, suppliers, vendors, services companies 
and schools. Together, we can find solutions and lay 
the foundation for ongoing cooperation.
We recognize that industrial processes and equipment used 
in oil and natural gas development can cause traffic, noise 
and other issues that affect our neighbors. We’re committed 
to improving the compatibility of our operations in the 
communities where we do business and helping mitigate  
the impact of industry activity. Devon has worked with 
industry coalitions, state agencies, business owners,  
individual landowners, local housing developers and  
others to enhance safety and quality of life in the vicinity  
of oil and gas operations.
Supporting first responders
Our focus on safety extends to partnering with the 
emergency responders who protect our communities. A 
DeWitt County, Texas, official didn’t hesitate to ask Devon 
for help when a brush fire started burning out of control 
within miles of our Cuero office in early 2022. The official was 
familiar with our local operations and capabilities because 
we’d built a relationship with them. Devon immediately called 
a local partner, who arranged for 7,000 gallons of freshwater, 
including 2,500 gallons from our field office reservoir, to be 
transported directly to the fire operations command post. 
Firefighters and emergency responders were able to control 
the fire with Devon’s help.
Our commitment to safety is reinforced by allocating about 
one-third of our annual giving in our field areas to helping 
first responders acquire equipment, trucks, training and 
supplies to support their crucial work. We also deliver holiday 
treats and host lunches and dinners to show first responders 
we appreciate their work. In southeast New Mexico, 
we participated in the Hometown Heroes program that 
recognized one emergency responder each month with a gift 
and a newspaper article about them. 
Celebrating our communities
To celebrate the cultures and unique qualities of our 
communities, Devon donates to local fairs and events where 
we operate. In 2021, we contributed to the Cuero Turkeyfest, 
Christmas on the Pecos in Carlsbad, and Oklahoma City 
National Memorial and Museum. As a sponsor of Frontier 
Days in Cheyenne, Wyoming, we invited landowners, mineral-
royalty owners, elected officials and other stakeholders to join 
us for the annual western celebration.
Nearly all of our operations in the North Dakota Williston 
Basin are located on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation, 
home of the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation (MHA 
Nation). We collaborate in a straightforward manner to earn 
and maintain the respect of the MHA Nation, including 
working closely to comply with their practices to reduce the 
spread of COVID-19 throughout the pandemic. We also assist 
tribal communities through charitable giving for educational, 
health and safety endeavors. 
Community Engagement
51 
Collaborating with stakeholders
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Responding to the urgent need 
for safer Permian Basin roadways
While only 2% of Texas’ population lives in the Permian 
Basin, 11% of traffic fatalities occur on the region’s 
roads that need $3 billion in repairs to improve safety 
and meet expected needs. As a sponsor of the Permian 
Road Safety Coalition (PRSC), Devon works with a 
cross-section of stakeholders invested in making roads 
safer and road infrastructure better across southeast 
New Mexico and west Texas. 
Founded in 2015, PRSC brings together oil and gas 
industry companies and trade groups, agencies, 
researchers and concerned citizens to leverage 
expertise, share best practices and collaborate on 
data-driven research. PRSC also educates the broader 
community on the shared responsibility for road safety, 
including providing resources on its website to help 
everyone drive safely.
The coalition hosts road safety forums and training, 
and makes donations such as equipment and supplies 
for the Delaware Basin Emergency Preparedness 
Initiative (DBEPI) and matching funds to build a critical 
overpass project in Kermit, Texas. In 2021, PRSC 
donated $1.6 million for life-saving equipment to first 
responders across the region.
Devon also supports road safety through our 
membership in the Permian Strategic Partnership, 
which identified road safety as an area of urgent 
regional need through an analysis completed in 2018.

52 
Community Engagement  continued
Amplifying our impact in the  
Permian Basin
The region encompassing Devon’s Delaware Basin assets in 
southeast New Mexico and west Texas became the world’s 
highest-producing oilfield in 2019. The Permian Basin — a 
major contributor to America’s energy security, significant 
job creator and regional economic development engine — is 
expected to yield 40% of U.S. oil production by 2025.
As one of the Permian Basin’s largest producers, Devon 
is keenly aware of both the opportunities and challenges 
stakeholders face in this prolific oil producing region. The 
increase in activity and growing workforce has put a strain 
on the region’s infrastructure, education, healthcare, 
housing and social services.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Energy companies recognized the challenge and formed 
the Permian Strategic Partnership (PSP) to strengthen and 
improve the quality of life for residents in the region. The 
PSP partners with local leaders to develop and implement 
strategic plans to bring about superior schools, safer 
roads, quality healthcare, affordable housing and a trained 
workforce.
Devon has made a $10 million, multi-year investment in 
PSP’s mission. Our executive vice president and chief 
operating officer is a member of the PSP board of directors 
and our director of community relations serves on its 
management committee. Our impact is amplified by 
working together with 16 other member companies to make 
a positive difference in the Permian Basin.
Since 2018, the PSP has transformed more than $93 million 
in member contributions into nearly $950 million in 
collaborative investments. The PSP increased funding for 
education, invested in career training, expanded healthcare 
access, improved safety and infrastructure, made housing 
more affordable for teachers and expanded broadband access 
across the Permian Basin. The PSP’s investments include:
    Midland College Teacher Excellence and Pre-K Lab  
($10 million)
    UTeach (STEM educator preparation) ($1.9 million) 
    Texas Tech Surgery Residency and Sub-Specialty 
Program ($12.8 million)
    Permian Basin Counseling and Guidance ($2.3 million)
    Hobbs (New Mexico) Career Technical Education 
Program ($10 million)
    America’s Warrior Partnership ($1.3 million)
In 2022, Devon connected the PSP with our community 
STEM partner, the Ripken Foundation. As a result, the 
PSP approved a plan to add a fully equipped STEM center 
in 134 Permian Basin elementary schools, touching over 
60,000 students and 2,000 teachers in 22 counties. The 
PSP believes its $7.5 million investment in STEM centers 
and STEM training for teachers will ultimately inspire 
young learners across the Permian Basin to explore careers 
in STEM fields. We’re excited that our longstanding 
relationship with the Ripken Foundation will have a lasting 
positive impact on education in the Permian Basin.
Devon is proud to be a leader in this industry coalition that 
is giving Permian Basin communities the tools and resources 
they need to benefit from being a state, national and global 
focal point for energy development.

Devon’s future employees must have strong 
technical know-how and creative problem-solving 
skills to help us deliver affordable oil and natural gas 
in an environmentally and socially responsible way. 
We believe investing in education can help us build the 
workforce we need to achieve our technology leadership goals 
and our vision for diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). Our 
social investments are focused on building student capabilities 
in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math). We’re 
particularly interested in increasing the representation of girls, 
minorities and rural communities in STEM fields. These groups 
are a growing part of the workforce whose talents will be 
needed to help fill the growing number of STEM-related jobs 
at Devon and in our industry.
As technology for our industry rapidly evolves and transforms 
our company, people with diverse backgrounds and new 
ways of looking at problems can help us innovate. We 
need technology solutions to drill and produce oil and gas 
efficiently, achieve our aggressive emissions reduction targets 
and improve safety. At the same time, we’re committed to 
addressing racial and social inequality wherever it is found, 
and our investments in STEM education support progress in 
both of these important areas.
To direct our philanthropic investments to the most promising 
programs, Devon partners with qualified organizations that 
have a track record in STEM to identify community needs 
and solutions. Our partners include the Oklahoma City Public 
Schools Foundation and other nonprofits, as well as teachers 
and administrators from several school districts. Insights from 
our stakeholder conversations guide us to provide resources 
and materials and implement programs to empower groups 
that have been underserved in the past.
STEM
53 
Increasing opportunities
United Nations member states adopted 17  
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Education is an integral component of 
sustainable development, providing the 
platform for meaningful employment, 
economic growth and technological 
innovation. Jobs that require a foundation 
in STEM are increasing annually; however, 
many underrepresented populations lack 
access to educational resources in these 
fields of study. Through partnerships with 
local foundations, schools and others, 
Devon seeks to provide early exposure 
to STEM by supplying resources for, and 
integrating experiences into, children’s 
education. In doing so, Devon endeavors 
to align with the United Nations goal to 
ensure inclusive and equitable quality 
education and promote lifelong learning 
opportunities for all.
Underscoring our STEM commitment
Making progress in STEM is one of Devon’s community giving goals on our annual corporate performance 
scorecard that determines bonus compensation for Devon employees. In 2021, we surpassed our STEM 
targets, which contributed to a scorecard score of 158% for environmental, social and governance/
environmental, health and safety (ESG/EHS) and the company’s overall performance score of 177%.
 Goal Target Outcome
 Enhance STEM education  20,000 students 80,200 students impacted
 Positively impact teachers 450 teachers 1,350 teachers impacted
Our 2022 scorecard goal is to strategically enhance STEM education by supporting 500 classrooms,  
50,000 students and 1,000 teachers.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Expanding our STEM model
Devon has supported STEM education with grants to teachers 
and school programs, investments in STEM centers and 
contributions to STEM-focused programs for over a decade. 
We significantly enhanced our STEM capabilities in 2019 by 
convening local and national nonprofits, corporations and 
private foundations to develop a new STEM model. 
One of our partners, the Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation, has been 
a driving force in changing how students and families interact 
with STEM resources in schools and communities. The Ripken 
Foundation transforms outdated school rooms into state-of-
the-art STEM resource spaces where STEM learning becomes 
increasingly integrated into children’s education. Teachers 
receive training and STEM resources to inspire students 
and increase their understanding of basic circuitry, coding, 
robotics, engineering and more.
Our first STEM center was created in 2004 at Mark Twain 
Elementary School, Devon’s long-time partner school in 
Oklahoma City. Recognizing that parent involvement helps 
determine student success, we further enhanced Twain’s 
capabilities in 2021 by adding STEM camps where families 
work on STEM challenges together. Parents and students 
get hands-on experience with CAD (computer-aided design), 
welding, construction and math. Families can also access 
food banks and other social services at the camps, as well as 
get produce from a community garden planted in 2021. The 
program is so popular that there’s a waiting list to join it. 
Based on the success of the STEM model at Twain, we 
expanded STEM resources in other areas where we operate.  
In 2021, we opened 108 STEM centers in elementary schools 
in Oklahoma City; Douglas, Wyoming; Kingfisher, Oklahoma; 
and Cuero, Texas. We also piloted the first middle school 
STEM center where students from the feeder elementary 
school can continue their STEM learning. In Tulsa, Oklahoma, 
Devon honored legacy WPX Energy by installing 47 STEM 
centers – one in each elementary school in the city. In 2022, 
Devon was instrumental in installing the first Ripken STEM 
centers in North Dakota, one in Dickinson and one at Edwin 
Loe Elementary School in New Town, the first-ever Ripken 
STEM center on tribal land. 
Devon connected two of our community 
partners — the Permian Strategic Partnership 
(PSP) and the Ripken Foundation — which 
resulted in the PSP approving a plan to add a 
fully equipped STEM center in 134 Permian 
Basin elementary schools.
Following the opening of the first-ever Ripken STEM center on tribal 
land, Devon representatives Christina Rehkop and Brandon Harris 
were awarded a star quilt from the MHA Nation. The gifts were a 
recognition of honor, friendship and generosity.

STEM Signing Day
Devon is partnering with Boeing to celebrate students who commit 
to study STEM in college. Similar to sports signing days, our STEM 
signing day honors students from across the state who plan to 
pursue degrees in fields such as electrical engineering, aerospace and 
biomedical. More than 20 outstanding students were selected for the 
2022 class of honorees.
SportsLab
This multi-pronged five-year partnership with 
the University of Oklahoma and Oklahoma State 
University exposes students to the science, 
technology, engineering and math behind their 
favorite sports. SportsLabs use athletics to enhance comprehension 
of scientific concepts like physics and velocity. Students are 
empowered to improve their performance by better understanding 
the science behind sports. SportsLabs are held at game-day fan fests, 
as well as half-day workshops and other venues.
Design + Do
Since 2018, Devon has given fifth graders a hands-on opportunity to 
have fun and build STEM skills while solving problems. The children 
come together at the University of Oklahoma Tom Love Innovation 
Hub to design and build prototype parade floats using 3D printers, 
laser cutters and other materials. They then present their creations  
to a panel of judges.
Ripken STEM Grant
Our signature STEM program has made more than $1 
million in grants to educators in our U.S. operating 
areas in the past eight years. In the Oklahoma City 
area, Devon’s STEM investments improved access 
to educational opportunities for more than 88,000 K-12 students. 
In addition, more than 30 Devon grant programs have enabled 
Oklahoma teachers to enhance their instructional time with students.
STEM Lesson Challenge
The Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation and Devon challenged educators and 
STEM mentors to create and submit original STEM lessons using any 
of the tools in the Ripken STEM Center. The challenge awards selected 
winners with a piece of the $5,000 prize pool. In addition to utilizing the 
tools, lessons were reviewed for content and creativity and had to follow 
the Next Generation Science Standards. New lessons built through the 
program will be available to all Ripken Centers across the country.
Devon Thunder partnership
We’ve had a long partnership with the Oklahoma 
City Thunder, whose popularity and visibility help 
extend the reach of our STEM program. Our joint 
Explorers program engages young people in STEM 
activities that explore the science of basketball, and gives special 
recognition to students who complete STEM challenges. In 2021, 
Devon and the Thunder introduced our Math Hoops program that 
engages students in the science behind basketball with a fun board 
game competition. 
54 
STEM continued
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Community STEM programs 
Devon collaborates with schools and community organizations to enhance access to STEM education.  
We support innovative STEM programs, especially when they highlight local culture and opportunities  
to inspire young people to pursue STEM subjects. 
Partner school wins national STEM challenge
Students at Mark Twain Elementary School were the first to receive a Ripken STEM Center. In April 2022, they 
also won the annual, national Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation STEM Challenge by using the state-of-the-art tools in 
their STEM center.
One of two competing teams from Mark Twain won the competition by creating a multi-level board game called 
“The Rubber Duck Cleans Up Muck.” The students’ STEM know-how and creative use of STEM tools shows how 
Devon’s investment in installing STEM centers in elementary schools across our operating areas can help unlock 
students’ full potential.

Girl Scouts
Devon is a long-time partner of the Girl Scouts of 
Western Oklahoma and a lead contributor to Camp 
Trivera, an urban STEM camp. Campers learn STEM 
skills, get leadership opportunities and learn the Girl 
Scout mission to build girls of courage, confidence and character.
We created the Devon Terra Trooper patch for the Western Oklahoma 
Council  in 2015, expanding it to southeastern New Mexico in 2020 and 
Tulsa in 2021. Devon geologists and engineers developed the program  
to engage girls in earth sciences, geology and related topics using  
age-appropriate STEM activity kits and leader guides. By year-end  
2021, more than 2,000 girls had earned the patch for completing a 
STEM activity.
Southwest Alliance for Girls’ Enrichment (SAGE)
This week-long SAGE camp is designed to empower 
girls to think about themselves as future scientists, 
mathematicians and computer specialists. Campers 
take interactive field trips to explore various Devon 
departments where STEM learning has led our professionals to 
rewarding careers.
FFA Agriscience Fair
Our partnership with the Oklahoma and Wyoming FFA 
encourages students to consider the intersections of 
the agriculture and oil and gas industries. Across both 
states, 216 students participated in projects related to 
oil and gas in their annual Agriscience Fair in 2021.
FIRST Robotics
We’ve been a sponsor of the Oklahoma FIRST Robotics 
regional finals since 2017. The six-week competition 
pairs teams of young people from across Oklahoma 
with local engineers, professors and business 
professionals to solve engineering design problems. FIRST (which stands 
for “For the Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology”) is 
a nonprofit founded in 1989 to inspire young people to join the field of 
science and technology.
Inspired by Science Camp
In partnership with the Carlsbad Community 
Foundation, Devon hosts a one-week STEM-focused 
summer camp for third through fifth graders throughout 
the Permian Basin region. Students identified as 
disadvantaged by school counselors receive free admission. The campers 
are exposed to STEM-related careers, and learn how to solve problems 
and apply critical-thinking skills during hands-on activities.
Oklahoma City Dodgers MVP Program
Devon cosponsors this program with the Triple-A 
affiliate of MLB’s Los Angeles Dodgers to recognize 
and reward outstanding third and fourth graders for 
their science and math achievements. Students from 
over 400 Oklahoma City classrooms are selected to receive tickets 
to a Dodgers game and the opportunity to attend the MVP Field Day 
featuring STEM activities. Teachers also receive free tickets to an 
Oklahoma City Dodgers game where MVPs are honored.  
Balloon Explorium 
The Paper Takes Flight event combines the fun of 
hot-air ballooning with an education in the science of 
energy for all fifth graders enrolled in Artesia Public 
Schools in New Mexico. Students work together to 
build six-foot balloon envelopes from tissue paper that will launch using 
heat energy. This engaging, hands-on activity focused on engineering, 
math and thermodynamics expands on classroom curriculum.
Jal, New Mexico, School Rocketry Program
In this annual competition, Devon pays for students to 
travel to Houston to present their rocket designs to a 
team from NASA.
COSTEMA
The mission of the Central Oklahoma STEM Alliance 
is to enhance STEM education. Devon supports 
COSTEMA’s STEM Leadership Academy, a virtual 
event that inspires educators by providing professional 
development opportunities centered around personal leadership, hands-
on learning and peer engagement. The educators explore STEM learning 
and family engagement, with all their STEM learning culminating in the 
Scissortail Kite Festival.
55 
student engagements at Mark Twain Elementary, 
Devon’s partner school in Oklahoma City
5,100
hours of STEM engagement at Mark Twain Elementary  
>8,000
of participants in Devon STEM 
programs were female *
72%
STEM continued
STEM programs in our operating areas (continued)
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
* For programs measured
minority students served in Devon STEM programs *
21,000

Vital social services and opportunities to enjoy 
arts, culture and nature help make our communities 
vibrant. Devon’s investments in community 
enrichment align with our value to make a positive 
and sustainable impact.
Our primary annual philanthropic event, the Give for Good 
campaign, raised $1.2 million in 2021. Devon matched our 
employees’ donations that provided much needed resources 
for children, seniors and families. 
Philanthropy
56 
Enriching our communities
To celebrate Devon’s 50th anniversary in 2021, employees 
voted on organizations to receive contributions. As a result, 
nine organizations ranging from the Oklahoma City Infant 
Crisis Center to the Chisholm Trail Museum in Cuero, Texas, 
received a portion of $50,000 based on their percentage of 
employee votes. 
Devon is a leading contributor to nonprofit  
organizations in our operating communities.
Arts, culture and nature
We’re committed to supporting the visual and performing 
arts that help make our hometown of Oklahoma City a lively 
and appealing place to live, work and play. Devon funds 
a variety of local arts and culture organizations, including 
the Oklahoma City Ballet, Arts Council of Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma City Museum of Art, National Cowboy and 
Western Heritage Museum, and Lyric Theater. We also hold  
an annual fundraising campaign for Allied Arts to support 
more than 40 local arts organizations.
Devon is a long-time supporter of The Oklahoma Nature 
Conservancy and its focus on sharing the love of nature 
and conservation throughout the state. We contribute to its 
ground stewardship activities, including controlled burning 
for range management, invasive species control and scientific 
research. Devon’s donations helped stand up operations at the 
newest Blue River preserve, Oka’ Yanahli, which encompasses 
3,600 acres of native prairie and two miles of the river.
We participate in the annual National Public Lands Day in 
New Mexico, a project to repair and restore public recreation 
areas. We also supported Ducks Unlimited to aid in playa 
restoration in Southeast New Mexico. Restored playas that 
hold water provide habitat for a diversity of species. In 
2022, we’re marking our 15th year contributing funding and 
volunteers for the Wyoming Conservation Corps (WCC) and 
its programs to improve public lands in the state.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Employee Gift  
Match Program
In early 2022, we launched our  
Employee Gift Match Program. The goal 
of the program is to amplify employees’ 
support of nonprofit organizations that 
reflect their personal interests, passions 
and pursuits. Devon matches individual 
contributions through the program up to 
$10,000 per employee. Since the launch 
of the program, Devon has matched 
$589,200 to 154 nonprofit organizations. 
Raised in 2021 supporting over 50 partner agencies, 
including the United Way of Central Oklahoma, the 
Regional Food Bank of Oklahoma, and United Way  
and Blessing in a Backpack in Wyoming.
$1.2 MILLION

Inclusion and Equity Grants
We want to make a real difference in people’s lives, and we 
listen to stakeholders to find the most effective programs to 
meet community needs. We created the Devon Inclusion and 
Equity Grants to put our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) 
beliefs into action with community organizations we’d never 
worked with before. In 2021, we awarded $100,000 to our first 
nine new partner organizations in Oklahoma City, identified 
with the help of our employee-led DEI Team.
In 2022, we added 11 new, diverse partners in Oklahoma 
City and continued supporting several 2021 grant recipients. 
We also made our first grants to four organizations in the 
Delaware Basin. Our Inclusion and Equity Grants total 
$268,000 in 2022. To hold ourselves accountable for 
expanding the reach of our DEI charitable programming, we 
set a 2022 company scorecard goal to cultivate relationships 
with a number of DEI-focused organizations.
57 
Philanthropy continued
Northeast Oklahoma City Renaissance ($5,000) for the 
annual oNE OKC street festival to represent the vision of 
Northeast Oklahoma City’s future and engage the community.
Oklahoma Center for Community and Justice ($5,000) 
for its OKC Youth Leadership Forum to engage high school 
students in powerful conversations about race relations in 
Oklahoma and help them advocate for positive change.
Servants Basketball Club to help area minority youth 
travelling for the organization’s programs by providing a 
vehicle.
StitchCrew ($20,000) to support the launch of a 
comprehensive Business Growth Program to help minority-led 
women business owners reach scale.
Devon is making Inclusion and Equity Grants to the 
following Oklahoma City organizations for the second 
consecutive year:
Foundation for OKC Public Schools (OKCPS) ($25,000) 
for financial and academic support for paraprofessionals of 
color already working in OKCPS to finish college and earn 
their teaching certification, without any debt. Upon successful 
completion of the program, they commit to serve as full-time 
teachers in OKCPS for three years. 
Oklahoma City Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday Parade 
($500) for participation fees.
Restore OKC ($20,000) to assist with funding The Market 
at EastPoint, a community-led grocery store in Northeast 
Oklahoma City. Restore OKC pays a third party to manage the 
store, but all jobs inside the store will be filled by Restore Jobs, 
which provides jobs to single mothers.
Oklahoma City organizations that are new to our grant 
program in 2022 are: 
Calle Dos Cinco in Historic Capitol Hill ($5,000) to help 
fund a year of volunteer-led community events like Fiestas 
de las Americas and OKCine Latino Film Festival aimed at 
revitalizing the growing Latino community in Capitol Hill. The 
events showcase local artists and promote cultural pride and 
belonging in the Latino community.
Central Oklahoma American Indian Health Council 
($10,000) to assist in providing hearing aids to adult and 
pediatric patients and reducing the needs for patients to  
travel to the clinic.
Cristo Rey Oklahoma City Catholic High School ($62,500) 
for a work-study program at Devon’s offices for students with 
limited resources.
Freedom City ($5,000) for core programs at F.D. Moon 
Middle School, including Freedom Girls for career exploration 
and life skills, a caregiver support group and in-school 
mentoring.
Girl Scouts of Western Oklahoma ($7,500) to help create a 
DEI council of local scouts, fund staff resources and expand 
DEI training opportunities.
India Association of Oklahoma ($5,000) to help host the 
India Food & Arts Festival highlighting Indian arts, crafts, 
music, dance and cuisine, free of charge to Oklahomans.
Latino Community Development Agency ($12,500) 
to relaunch the Latino Leadership Club Program and its 
leadership and education opportunities for local Latino 
students.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Urban League ($20,000) to support the social justice 
program, part of its efforts to promote equality and equity for 
African Americans.
We’re proud to make our first Inclusion and Equity Grants 
in the Delaware Basin to these organizations: 
Your Safe Space ($10,000) to support a mentoring program 
in Hobbs, New Mexico, for young boys without a male figure 
in their home. 
Changing Lives Coalition ($2,500) for an after-school 
program providing meals, creative outlets, mentoring and 
other services for 15 students in sixth through ninth grade in 
Artesia, New Mexico.
Martin Luther King Jr. Foundation ($5,000) to fund new 
STEM programming for up to 25 at-risk youth in Carlsbad, New 
Mexico, including hiring retired teachers and subject matter 
experts to provide hands-on learning opportunities.
MyPower ($7,500) to support mentoring circles for roughly 
200 fifth-grade girls in Lea County, New Mexico, to empower 
them to successfully navigate their teen years.

Operating our business in a way that is consistent 
with human rights expectations is Devon’s 
responsibility, aligns with our core values and  
is a consideration in all relevant business decisions, 
plans and activities.
We strongly endorse the Universal Declaration of Human 
Rights’ recognition that the inherent dignity of all members 
of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice 
and peace. Our core values embrace both social progress 
and economic growth, consistent with the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, as well as 
the commitment to empower others. We’re guided by the 
principles articulated in the International Labor Organization’s 
(ILO) Declaration of Fundamental Principles and Rights at 
Work, including the prohibition on child labor, forced labor 
and discrimination in the workplace. Devon’s commitment 
to protect human rights is reflected in our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics (code), Corporate Giving Policy, Supplier 
Qualification Requirements and Environmental, Health and 
Safety (EHS) Policy.
As a U.S.-based company, Devon complies with all federal and 
state requirements to protect human rights and ensure the 
rights of indigenous peoples in the U.S. We are committed 
to the health and safety of our employees, contractors and 
communities, and to being a responsible steward of the air, 
land, water and biodiversity value across our operations. 
Human Rights
58 
Respect and dignity
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
We actively engage with community members where we 
operate to understand the safety, environmental and human 
rights impacts of our operations. When assessing and 
addressing these impacts, we consult with those who may be 
affected, including indigenous peoples, where possible and 
appropriate. Devon takes proactive steps to maintain positive 
and productive relationships with indigenous communities, 
source indigenous businesses for local employment needs, 
and invest back into indigenous communities. We respect 
the significance of indigenous heritage and culture. Where 
appropriate, we engage third parties to help assess our 
projects to prevent impact to cultural sites and sensitive 
wildlife habitat, and our internal Biodiversity Council works  
to preserve or restore biodiversity value.
We’re committed to supporting and strengthening vibrant, 
safe and educated communities where we operate. Through 
our Corporate Giving Policy, we focus our resources where  
we can have the greatest impact and on programs that align 
with our business goals and values. Working to improve 
the overall quality of life where we do business makes our 
communities stronger.
Devon employees are required to follow our code, which 
provides guidance on human rights issues such as non-
discrimination, anti-harassment and equal employment 
opportunities. Our vendors and suppliers are expected to 
adopt and adhere to human rights standards, including those 
in our standard supplier agreements, and we reserve the right 
to audit our vendors’ performance in this area. 
Our Ethics and Compliance Helpline is available at all times 
for any stakeholder to report concerns and potential violations 
of our code, including any adverse human rights impacts. 
We will investigate, address and respond to any concerns 
with the utmost attention. For more on our helpline, see the 
governance section.
Devon evaluates ways to enhance 
awareness of human rights  
issues and engages with our  
key stakeholders to continue 
improving our approach. 
DEVON’S STATEMENT 
ON HUMAN RIGHTS

The Workforce section of our 2022 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 60
Our Employee Experience 61
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 63
Workforce
Empowering employees on their  
path to success
Resource Links:      
      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
       Mission Statement, Vision Statement  
and Core Values
      Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Vision
      2021 EEO-1 Report
59 
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce

LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT
    Increasing professional and leadership learning 
opportunities grounded in Devon’s values and 
employee feedback.
EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING
    Enhanced our paid time off practices to  
encourage and support employees to take  
time off for health, personal and family needs.
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
    Progressed a wide range of policies and programs 
to reduce bias and improve equity and consistency. 
These included creating leadership development, 
training and mentoring opportunities, as well as 
expanding diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) 
programming to all employees.
Overview
60 
Since our merger in 2021, we’ve been leaning into our culture of openness 
to new ideas and creative solutions. We’re living our values to support 
each other, value diversity and have courage as we seek to make a positive 
and sustainable impact. Devon strives to be a caring and connected 
company where employees feel they are heard, seen and valued,  
and have opportunities to contribute and grow. 
Devon supports individual, team and company progress with family-
friendly workplace practices, wellness programs, and opportunities to make 
decisions and be accountable for results. We communicate proactively 
with employees about our goals and performance, and we seek employees’ 
input and act on their feedback. We do not accept the status quo of social 
and racial inequality, and we’re working to cultivate inclusive, diverse, 
equitable and respectful communities inside and outside our company.
Advancing pay equity
To build the workforce we need, we must offer 
equitable pay and opportunities across the 
company. We measure our performance and 
look for ways to further align our practices with 
our aspirations. 
     Peer employee pay equity 
The salaries of female and minority 
employees are, on average, positioned 
equivalently (+/-2% relative to the 
applicable pay grade) to those of male  
and non-minority peers.
    Employee base pay compensation 
100% of employees make more  
than $19/hour and receive an annual 
performance bonus and long-term 
incentives.
Devon sets high standards for operational, financial and ESG performance to 
meet our stakeholders’ expectations, and our employees consistently deliver 
results. Guided by our principles of fairness, opportunity and the chance for 
every employee to fully participate and be heard, we strive to create a work 
environment where people give their best effort every day.
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action  
plan for organizations seeking to provide  
affordable energy, produced responsibly to  
protect the environment, while also promoting  
peace and prosperity for all people. In this  
report, we have identified a variety of Devon’s  
business activities that align with the  
U.N. SDGs. In the workforce section, look for:
Gender Equality 
page 63
Good Health and Well-being 
page 62
Workforce Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
2019 2020 2021
Headcount (total company) 2,352 2,022 1,6452
Minorities as a Percentage of Workforce 1 19% 21% 22%
Women as a Percentage of Workforce 1 28% 27% 24%
Women in the organization declined by 3% in 2021 primarily related to the WPX merger and location of Devon’s  
corporate headquarters in Oklahoma City. For WPX employees in Tulsa, a lesser percentage of females were willing  
to relocate than males.
Minorities as a Percentage of Leadership 11% 13% 15%
Women as a Percentage of Leadership 20% 20% 15%
Women in leadership declined by 5% primarily related to the WPX merger and location of Devon’s corporate headquarters in 
Oklahoma City. For WPX employees in Tulsa, a lesser percentage of females were willing to relocate than males.
Years of Service
Less than 5 years (percent of headcount) 35% 33% 36%
5-9 years 37% 41% 38%
10-14 years 17% 14% 15%
15-19 years 6% 7% 8%
20-24 years 3% 3% 2%
25+ years 2% 2% 1%
Median Age 40 40 40
Attrition Rate 7% 3% 5%
1  As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
2 Marginal difference compared to total headcount in EEO-1 due to timing for the calculations.
Taking Action
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
    Increased transparency by disclosing our annual 
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) 
Report for details on our workforce by race, 
ethnicity and gender across EEO Commission 
(EEOC) job categories.
    Set a corporate performance scorecard goal 
to develop new relationships with charitable 
organizations involved in DEI programming.

Technical
On-the-Job
Devon’s learning and development approach
After our merger, Devon took time to reflect on  
how best to build a workforce to lead our company 
for decades to come. We listened to employees’ 
feedback on what they want and need from Devon 
and their careers, and to our human resources  
staff’s recommendations on what we  
need to do differently. 
We value our people and will invest in their success. To move 
Devon forward, we are focusing on providing professionally 
rewarding and long-term careers, meaningful compensation 
and benefits, and a sense of belonging and inclusion. We’re 
committed to balancing what employees need as individuals 
with Devon’s best interests as a company.
Employee-focused learning opportunities
One of our values is to keep learning and challenging 
ourselves and each other to be the best and deliver results. 
In recent years, our employee development was focused 
on coaching, mentoring and ongoing conversations to help 
employees focus on what they need to do to make an impact 
every day. 
To build upon these actions and incorporate feedback from 
employees, we took the opportunity post merger to refresh 
our professional and leadership learning strategy, and 
corresponding offerings. Feedback was gathered through two 
all-employee pulse surveys and a learning needs assessment 
with a representative group of leaders and employees.
Our refreshed strategy directly responds to employees’ desire 
to develop a variety of professional, technical and leadership 
development skills, and different ways to develop them. 
Devon’s learning ecosystem provides individualized learning 
paths that balances learners’ needs with the company’s 
business priorities. For effective learning, it provides externally 
supported content and facilitation. Devon leaders will support 
learning with coaching, feedback and on-the-job application. 
Development opportunities are focused on: 
    Leadership training to build and reinforce fundamental 
leadership skills at the front line and mid-level, and 
inclusive leadership awareness and skills.
    Professional training to build business and financial 
acumen, technology skills and obtain professional 
certifications.
    Executive coaching with specific development objectives 
for improving individual and organizational performance.
    Employee and 360-degree feedback to equip leaders  
to interpret and take action on feedback.
A key component of the ecosystem is the Learner’s Network, 
which supports employees’ two most preferred ways to 
learn: in-person, instructor-led delivery and one-on-one 
conversations with peers. Learning and development specialists 
and technical subject matter experts in the network assess 
and meet employees’ ongoing variety of learning needs related 
to technology, engineering, business analysis, environmental, 
health and safety (EHS) and other skills.
Our Employee Experience
61 
Investing in our employees
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Professional Leadership
Technology
Coaching & 
Mentoring
Instructor-led
Online & 
On Demand
Skills to Learn
Ways to Learn
of employee respondents  
identified business and  
financial acumen as the  
most important skills.
70%
preferred way to  
learn: in-person and 
instructor-led training
#1
Coaching &  
Feedback  
Conversations 
Most requested type of  
leadership development
What Devon employees want from learning and development
Developing a variety of skills through different ways of learning

Meaningful compensation, benefits and work practices
We value employees who are open and honest, take 
ownership and contribute to our company objectives. To 
cultivate a workforce with these qualities, we start with 
offering equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and 
providing competitive compensation and benefits.
Devon offers equitable pay. Salaries of female and  
minority employees are, on average, positioned equivalently  
(+/-2% relative to the applicable pay grade) to those of male and 
non-minority peers. All Devon employees make more  
than $19 an hour. We encourage a sharp focus on results  
by giving every employee an equity stake in our business 
through annual stock awards and the opportunity to receive  
an annual cash bonus based on meeting corporate goals.  
We measure our performance, benchmark against our industry 
and look for ways to further align our compensation practices 
with our aspirations.
Devon takes a values-driven approach to meeting both the 
company’s business objectives and employees’ personal and 
family needs. Our comprehensive benefits include wellness 
programs and an Employee Assistance Program (EAP) that 
provides confidential support on a wide variety of issues to 
employees and their family members. We offer flexible work 
schedules, an alternate work schedule (9/80), part-time work, 
telecommuting and parental paid leave. In 2022, we enhanced 
our practices by updating our paid time off policy to help 
ensure our employees take the time to care for themselves 
and others in their lives. Our Paid Family & Medical Leave 
(PFML) Policy provides up to 26 weeks of paid medical leave 
for an employee’s own medically certified health condition 
and eight weeks of paid maternity leave for the birth of a 
child. In addition, under PFML, employees are eligible for up to 
a maximum of 160 hours of paid leave each calendar year for 
parental leave (including adoption and long-term foster care 
placement), leave for care of family, bereavement leave and 
Our Employee Experience  continued
62 
Devon wellness resources
To encourage employees to be proactive about their 
health care, Devon provides: 
    Cost coverage for annual physical exams, annual 
vision screenings, two annual dental exams, 
colonoscopies, mammograms, prostate exams  
and well-woman exams.
    Onsite mammography twice each year at our 
Oklahoma City headquarters.
    The Doc medical clinic located near our 
headquarters where employees and their families 
can get a high standard of care and personal 
attention with short wait times. The Doc offers 
onsite physical therapy, COVID-19 testing and 
vaccinations, care management focused on 
chronic conditions and other services.
    Onsite gym at our headquarters and free access to 
Wellbeats on-demand classes for all employees.
    Teleheath services.
    Support for mental health, including a cognitive 
behavioral therapy program through our medical 
plan to address anxiety, depression, substance 
abuse and other concerns. We also offer digital-
based Talk Space therapy services.
    COVID-19 and flu vaccinations at field locations.
    Onsite physical exams at our Weatherford, 
Oklahoma, and Hobbs, New Mexico, locations.
    Programs for prediabetes, diabetes care, diabetes 
reversal, tobacco cessation and physician-led 
weight loss.
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
We aim to deliver tools and resources that 
support our employees’ pursuit of healthy 
lives, stability and well-being. Devon 
takes a holistic approach to employee 
wellness, encouraging physical, mental 
and financial health. The Doc, a medical 
clinic we established near our corporate 
headquarters in Oklahoma City, allows 
employees and their families to get a high 
standard of care and personal attention 
with short wait times. Devon’s financial 
wellness program provides confidential 
and unbiased financial guidance and a wide 
range of resources at no cost to employees.
We believe healthy , happy employees 
who feel financially secure are more 
likely to come to work ready to give 
Devon their best effort.
of employees earned 
maximum available 
participation points to 
receive contributions up 
to $2,500 to their health 
savings account (HSA).
compassion leave. We’ll continue to adjust our practices and 
policies as needed to care for employee needs.
Employee wellness
Devon believes in supporting the well-being of our employees, 
who balance multiple roles and responsibilities in their 
personal lives, while delivering results for the company. We 
consider these expectations when developing programs that 
can meaningfully improve our employees’ physical, mental and 
financial well-being.
Since establishing our wellness program in 2012, Devon has 
focused on prevention, convenient tools and high-quality 
programs. This has contributed to strong productivity and 
engagement, low absenteeism and high retention rates. 
Additionally, employee participation in wellness programs 
has been the driver in holding the company’s health care cost 
inflation well below the national average.
Employees tell us that our offerings help them improve their 
health and make healthy lifestyle changes. This is why we’ve 
maintained the most effective core programs, even during 
years when we cut costs across the company.
Tools and strategies for financial wellness
Concerns about debt, retirement and other personal finance 
issues can affect an employee’s sense of well-being. Our 
financial wellness program offers confidential and unbiased 
financial guidance and resources at no cost to employees. 
These include third-party financial assessments and web-
based workshops. Employees can also meet one-on-one 
with a third-party financial expert once a quarter. By keeping 
employees informed about the importance of retirement 
savings, Devon has reached the top of our industry for  
401(k) retirement contributions (99.6% of employees 
participate) and the percentage of paycheck contributions 
(6.5% of paycheck contributed). 
75%

It’s part of the Devon culture to value differences, 
include and empower others, and courageously 
address inequity where it exists. We cultivate an 
inclusive, diverse, equitable and respectful  
workplace where our employees can feel a sense 
of belonging. When we bring together diverse 
experiences and challenge ourselves to think 
differently, we believe it leads to innovation  
and creative problem-solving. Devon also engages 
with our communities to understand how we can 
make a difference beyond our workplace. 
63 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We’re in this together
   Diversity
We believe it is foundational to Devon’s success 
that our team includes people with a variety of 
backgrounds, perspectives, experiences and abilities.
   Equity
We believe fairness is at the core of our culture, 
policies and practices, and strive for all employees  
to have equal access to opportunities.
   Inclusion
We believe in relationships and will ensure all 
employees feel seen, valued, heard and connected.
What DEI means at Devon
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Most importantly, we are taking action on feedback and 
suggestions from employees. We’re increasing DEI learning 
opportunities that allow employees the chance to contribute 
and grow. Devon’s leadership is also demonstrating an even 
greater commitment to DEI.
As part of this commitment, senior leaders reviewed key 
metrics for hiring, promotions, leadership movement, pay 
equity and other factors at the company and department level. 
They had honest, heartfelt conversations with employee DEI 
leaders about the right things to do to improve DEI at Devon. 
From these conversations, senior leaders formed work groups 
to review and implement actions to improve hiring practices, 
employee benefits, DEI education and leader resources. This 
resulted in expanded paid leave options, more inclusive and 
equitable internal and external selection processes, and plans 
for more frequent improvement discussions.
One of our priorities is to attract and retain women in our 
workforce. In 2021, the number of women at Devon declined 
3% and women in leadership declined by 5%, primarily 
because women from WPX elected not to transfer from Tulsa 
to Oklahoma City following our merger. In addition, our DEI 
Team discussions about the McKinsey & Company Women 
in the Workplace 2021 Study revealed opportunities to make 
some of our policies and practices more family friendly.   
Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) vision is: Every 
person contributing to their fullest and making a positive 
impact every day. To make this a reality, we have active 
participation from our senior leaders and committed volunteer 
leaders and allies. We’re expanding our DEI programming 
to bring more employees into the conversation, build 
understanding and make positive change happen.
    The Devon board of directors endorses our DEI efforts  
and follows our progress closely.
    The DEI Leadership Team of executives and vice presidents 
champions strategies to achieve our vision and supports 
others by coaching, motivating, breaking down barriers  
and listening. 
    The volunteer DEI Team strives to proactively increase 
awareness, identify challenges and find innovative ways  
to achieve our DEI vision and strategy. 
    Our Human Resources team guides and advises the  
DEI Team with strategic support, tools and resources  
for success.
    We set a corporate scorecard goal to expand the reach 
of our DEI charitable programming by cultivating 
relationships with new organizations in 2022, increasing  
our accountability for DEI progress. 
Devon has been taking a deep and critical look at how we 
fight inequality in the company and our communities since 
racial strife shook our country and workforce in 2020. Our 
exploration of racial and social justice continued in 2021 by 
listening and learning from community DEI thought leaders, 
and engaging more employees in the DEI conversation to 
dispel myths and build awareness. 
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
In an industry where the majority of 
workers traditionally have been male, 
Devon is taking steps to increase 
women’s participation in the workforce 
and to promote equal opportunities for 
leadership. As Devon looks to the future, 
we are facilitating training, mentoring 
and leadership development for women 
to broaden the company’s access to talent 
and encourage incorporation of diverse 
perspectives. Devon was nationally 
recognized at the highest leadership level 
by 2020 Women on Boards for having 
at least 20% of the company’s board of 
director seats filled by women (27%).
U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Report
Devon is committed to publicly disclosing its annual 
EEO-1 Reports. The report details the company’s U.S. 
workforce by race, ethnicity and gender across job 
categories established by the U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission (EEOC).
2021 EEO-1 REPORT

64 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  continued
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Policies
    Enhancing Devon’s paid time off policy to improve 
flexibility and inclusiveness.
Programs
    Increasing learning opportunities through guided 
conversations, book study groups, external speaker events 
and other DEI programming. 
    Implementing recruiting practices to attract diverse 
candidates, recognize and address bias in decision making, 
and create a positive candidate experience.
    Introducing scenario-based discrimination and harassment 
training for all employees focused on speaking up and 
speaking up for others.
    Preparing diverse candidates for advancement with 
leadership development and mentoring opportunities.
    Launched Women’s Leadership Learning Forum hosted 
by female Devon Directors to connect women leaders 
in exploring leadership topics and forming a meaningful 
network to support learning and growth.
    Presenting the Leading High Performing Teams series  
on best practices in creating psychological safety, setting 
clear expectations, feedback and development, and 
reducing bias.
    Continuing to sponsor the Women’s Energy Network of 
Greater Oklahoma (WEN OK) and Oklahoma Women 
in Tech (WIT), and to support women at Devon in being 
active participants and leaders in these organizations.  
Our actions in 2021 and 2022 to be more diverse, equitable and inclusive include: 
Performance
    Increasing transparency by disclosing our annual U.S. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) Report for  
details on our workforce by race, ethnicity and gender 
across EEO Commission (EEOC) job categories.
    Making Devon Inclusion and Equity grants to 14 new 
organizations in Oklahoma City and the Permian Basin  
in 2022, based on DEI Team recommendations. We  
also made grants to five organizations for the second  
year and are expanding the program to other operating 
areas. See page 58 for more on our Inclusion and Equity 
Grants program.
Continuous improvement in Corporate Equality Index (CEI)
Devon scored 75/100 in the 2022 Human Rights Campaign 
(HRC) CEI, a 10-point improvement over 2021. Our CEI 
reflects growth across every measurement category under 
four central pillars:
   Non-discrimination policies 
    Equitable benefits for LGBTQ+ workers and their families
   Supporting an inclusive culture
    Corporate social responsibility
The CEI is the foremost benchmarking survey and report in 
the U.S. measuring policies and practices related to LGBTQ+ 
workplace equality. Participating in the survey helps Devon 
measure our progress and keep improving.
“ We don’t want to talk,  
we want to move. ”
The DEI Team has morphed into an action team. There’s 
something energetic in DEI now. We’re fully onboard 
with conversations, exercises and videos, but we expect 
action from our leadership. Our VPs are very engaged 
and have a refreshing, energizing level of ownership. 
When people are more comfortable and feel safer, they 
begin to be more willing to innovate and show up for one 
another. I’m just as excited about my DEI role as I am 
about my job, which I love. It’s been game-changing for 
my work life and I’m willing to do more.  
At the end of the day, just do what’s right. 
 
Shaquilla Willis, technology project manager
Reducing barriers to entry
Our technology group created a DEI team to explore ways  
to attract and retain diverse employees to carry out our 
growing development and deployment of technology.  
The team started by revamping job descriptions, removing 
jargon and unnecessary job qualifications, and accurately 
portraying job responsibilities, with the goal of encouraging 
more candidates to apply. They have also invited other internal 
stakeholders to participate in the interview process, helping to 
ensure more balanced and less biased hiring decisions.

65 
Performance Metrics
Reduction in methane 
emissions intensity in 
2021 compared to 2020.
Reduction in flared 
volume intensity in 2021 
compared to 2020.
Reduction in Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 location-based GHG 
emissions intensity in 2021 
compared to 2020.
16%
36%
19%
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
1  The environment metrics have been calculated using the best available data at the 
time of publication. Historical metrics are subject to change as we continuously 
seek to improve our data management practices, data sources, and calculation 
methodologies in order to provide the highest level of transparency, consistency 
and accuracy. We report environment metrics on an operated basis, unless 
otherwise noted.
2  We include all reportable emissions under EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting 
Program (GHGRP) for Devon operated facilities, as well as non-reportable 
emissions from our production assets and, beginning in reporting year 2019, 
gathering and boosting assets. We calculate emission intensities using gross 
production as reported under the EPA GHGRP for all reporting segments.
3  We calculate our Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use (Scope 2) on a 
location-based methodology using EPA fuel and electricity emissions factors.
4  We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products (Scope 3) on an equity 
basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon. To estimate our Scope 3 
emissions, we rely upon IPIECA’s 2016 guidance document Estimating Petroleum 
Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Per the IPIECA 
guidance, we report category 11 “Use of Sold Products” by calculating combustion 
emissions for our oil, natural gas and marketed natural gas liquids products using 
emission factors obtained from the EPA and net equity production reported in 
Devon’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
5  Performance is limited to legacy Devon performance only in 2019 and 2020 and 
pro-forma Devon + WPX in 2021, using net equity production reported in Devon’s 
2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K for all three years. 
6  Our methane emissions intensity rate calculation includes all natural gas produced 
at Devon operated facilities and all methane emissions from Devon operated 
facilities associated with the production of oil and natural gas.
    Click here to see Devon’s calculation methodology for methane emissions intensity
7  Our flaring intensity rate calculation includes high-pressure flared volumes 
associated with the production of oil and natural gas.
8  Our water usage includes all water sources used in completions activities at 
facilities operated by Devon in 2021.
9  Reportable spill events and volumes exclude a well-control event that occurred in 
2019.
3  ERM CVS provided limited assurance in relation to Devon’s Total Scope 1 GHG 
emissions and Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (location-based method) for the 
reporting period January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021.For more information see: 
Basis of Reporting GHG Emissions  
Independent Assurance Statement
Environment Performance Metrics1
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
2019 2020 2021
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) (million tonnes CO 2e)2 4.65 3.91 3.083
 By Constituent
Carbon Dioxide (million tonnes CO2e) 3.66 3.39 2.64
Methane (million tonnes CO2e) 0.99 0.52 0.45
Nitrous Oxide (million tonnes CO2e) 0.003 0.002 0.002
By Source
Flaring/Venting (million tonnes CO2e) 2.61 1.92 1.46
Combustion (million tonnes CO2e) 1.84 1.95 1.60
Other (million tonnes CO2e) 0.19 0.04 0.03
Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use  (Scope 2 location-based) (million tonnes CO 2e)3 0.27 0.32 0.343
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions  (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) (million tonnes CO 2e)2,3 4.91 4.23 3.42
Direct GHG Emissions Intensity  (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 17.22 14.10 11.11
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions Intensity  (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) (tCO 2e/MBoe)2 18.20 15.27 12.33
Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products  (Scope 3) (million tonnes CO 2e)4,5 48 49 73
We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products on an equity basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon; however, it is important to note that Scope 3 
emissions estimates are subject to uncertainty, inconsistency and duplication as further described in the Air Emissions section of this report. In 2021,  Devon’s estimated Scope 
3 emissions increased, due to an increase in net equity production reported in Devon’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2019 and 2020 estimated Scope 3 emissions are 
legacy Devon only, while 2021 reflects pro-forma Devon + WPX.
Methane Emissions Intensity (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 3.65 1.94 1.62
Methane Emissions Intensity - Production Segment  (Scope 1) (% of natural gas produced) 6 0.31% 0.19% 0.18%
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced) 7 2.21% 1.48% 0.94%
Energy Used - Fuel and Electricity Use  (trillion BTU) 3 32.87 31.36 27.18
Water Usage (million Bbl) 8 141 98 116
    Recycled (million Bbl) 34 37 61
    Sourced (million Bbl) 107 61 55
Water Usage Intensity (Bbl/Boe produced) 8 0.5 0.3 0.4
Water Usage Intensity (million Bbl/well completion) 8 0.3 0.3 0.4
Water Recycle Rate (recycled water Bbl/water usage Bbl) 8 24% 38% 53%
Devon’s total water use for completions activities varies with activity levels, targeted formations and lateral lengths, and includes fresh, non-fresh and recycled water volumes. 
We seek alternatives to fresh water supplies, where possible.
 Reportable Spill Events Released to the Environment (events)9 336 246 280
 Reportable Spill Volumes Released to the Environment  (barrels) 9 4,505 4,042 5,705

66 
Performance Metrics  continued
Increase in recycled water 
usage in 2021 compared  
to 2020.65%
Reduction in our Serious 
Incident and Fatality (SIF) 
Recordable Rate in 2021 
compared to 2020.
36%
13.7in social investments
million$
Devon Energy    2022 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
Workforce Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
2019 2020 2021
Headcount (total company) 2,352 2,022 1,6452
Minorities as a Percentage of Workforce 1 19% 21% 22%
Women as a Percentage of Workforce 1 28% 27% 24%
Women in the organization declined by 3% in 2021 primarily related to the WPX merger and location of Devon’s  
corporate headquarters in Oklahoma City. For WPX employees in Tulsa, a lesser percentage of females were willing  
to relocate than males.
Minorities as a Percentage of Leadership 11% 13% 15%
Women as a Percentage of Leadership 20% 20% 15%
Women in leadership declined by 5% primarily related to the WPX merger and location of Devon’s corporate headquarters in Oklahoma 
City. For WPX employees in Tulsa, a lesser percentage of females were willing to relocate than males.
Years of Service
Less than 5 years (percent of headcount) 35% 33% 36%
5-9 years 37% 41% 38%
10-14 years 17% 14% 15%
15-19 years 6% 7% 8%
20-24 years 3% 3% 2%
25+ years 2% 2% 1%
Median Age 40 40 40
Attrition Rate 7% 3% 5%
1  As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
2 Marginal difference compared to total headcount in EEO-1 due to timing for the calculations. EXCEL DOWNLOAD
2019 2020 2021
Independent Board Members 91%1 82%1 73%
Currently, 8 of our 11 board members (73%) qualify as independent  
under NYSE standards and SEC regulations.
Women Board Members 27%1 27%1 27%
Currently three women (27%) serve on our board of directors, including the chairs  
of Devon’s Audit and Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy Committees.
Contributions - Trades and Political   (thousands) $2,1442 $2,234 2 $2,385
In 2019, we began disclosing non-deductible trade association dues.
Lobbying - Federal and State   (thousands) $1,1782 $7432 $433
Devon’s lobbying and political activity is disclosed via public agencies, as well as  
through the company’s Political Activity and Lobbying Report available on our website.
Governance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
1  Reflects legacy Devon board composion following the annual election of directors each June.
2 Legacy Devon only.
2019 2020 2021
Social Investments (millions) $7.8 $5.3 $13.7
Social Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
2019 2020 2021
Fatalities (Employee and contractor workforce) 1 2 0
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.49 0.43 0.49
TRIR - Employee 053 036 0.58
TRIR - Contractor 0.49 0.44 0.48
Serious Incident and Fatality (SIF) Recordable Rate   (Employee + Contractor) 0.10 0.11 0.07
Days Away Restricted Transfer (DART) Incident Rate (Employee + Contractor) 0.24 0.20 0.32
DART Incident Rate - Employee 0.28 0.24 0.34
DART Incident Rate - Contractor 0.23 0.19 0.32
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.15 0.12 0.18
LTIR - Employee 0.28 0.16 0.29
LTIR - Contractor 0.13 0.11 0.17
Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (per million miles) 1.50 1.19 2.37
Employee Hours (million) 5.7 5.0 4.2
Contractor Hours (million) 35.7 24.8 22.9
Safety Performance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.

67 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
Reporting Frameworks
TCFD
Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (October 2021)
The TCFD seeks to develop recommendations for voluntary climate-related financial 
disclosures as a tool for investors and other stakeholders to assess risks associated with 
climate change. Devon published its third Climate Change Assessment Report in 2021,  
a direct result of our ongoing commitment to transparency.
CORE ELEMENT TCFD DISCLOSURE REFERENCE
Governance
 
Disclose the organization’s 
governance around climate 
-related risks and opportunities.
a)  Describe the board’s oversight of climate-
related risks and opportunities.
Climate Change Assessment Report (CCAR), CDP Climate 
Response, Form 10-K, Proxy Statement, Sustainability Report 
(SR)-CEO Letter, SR-Message from Our Board, SR-Report 
Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change,  
SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance,  
SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
b)  Describe management’s role in assessing 
and managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, 
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-
Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
Strategy
 
Disclose the actual and potential 
impacts of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial 
planning where such information  
is material.
a)  Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium, and 
long term.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Climate 
Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
b)   Describe the impact of climate-
related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, and 
financial planning.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Climate 
Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
c)  Describe the resilience of the 
organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower 
scenario.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Climate Change
Risk Management
 
Disclose how the organization 
identifies, assesses, and manages 
climate-related risks.
a)  Describe the organization’s processes  
for identifying and assessing climate-
related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Climate 
Change, SR-Enterprise Risk Management
b)  Describe the organization’s processes  
for managing climate-related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
c)  Describe how processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related 
risks are integrated into the organization’s 
overall risk management.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Environment Overview, 
SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water 
Management, SR-Enterprise Risk Management
Metrics and Targets 
Disclose the metrics and targets  
used to assess and manage  
relevant climate-related risks  
and opportunities where such 
information is material.
a)  Disclose the metrics used by the 
organization to assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk management process.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response,  
Form 10-K, Proxy Statement, SR-Report Summary,  
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Water Management, SR-Performance Metrics
b)  Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if 
appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary,  
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
c)  Describe the targets used by the 
organization to manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, Form 10-K, 
SR-Report Summary, SR-Performance Targets and Progress SR-
Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions
Striving for increased transparency
This report was prepared with content 
correlated to voluntary frameworks and 
standards established by the Task Force 
on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), IPIECA, Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) and United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
Devon continues to strive for increased 
transparency on issues that are top-
of-mind for our stakeholders, as we 
believe ESG transparency is important to 
building a sustainable and economically 
competitive company.
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
68 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
IPIECA
Sustainability reporting guidance for the oil and gas industry (4th edition, 2020)
The primary framework for this report is the Sustainability reporting guidance for the oil and gas industry developed by 
IPIECA, the American Petroleum Institute (API) and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP). The 
issues and indicators in this guidance have been selected based on industry consensus, together with significant insights 
and suggestions from an independent panel of stakeholders with expertise in the sector and sustainability reporting.
The IPIECA index identifies where the referenced data may be found in this report or other publicly available disclosures.
IPIECA ISSUE INDICATORS REFERENCE
Governance and Business Ethics
Governance and  
Management Systems
GOV-1: Governance approach
Climate Change Assessment Report (CCAR), CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, Proxy Statement, 
Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Sustainability Report (SR)-CEO 
Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance
GOV-2: Management systems
Climate Change Assessment Report (CCAR), CDP Climate Response, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Accounting Officer, SR-About this Report, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Governance Overview,  
SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Ethics & Integrity, SR-Emergency Preparedness
Business Ethics and 
Transparency
GOV-3: Preventing corruption Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Form 10-K, Anti-corruption Policy, Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive 
Officer-Chief Financial Officer-Chief Accounting Officer, SR-Ethics and Integrity
GOV-4:  Transparency of payments  
to host governments
Not applicable
GOV-5: Public advocacy and lobbying Political Activity and Lobbying Report, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Public Advocacy,  
SR-Performance Metrics
Climate Change and Energy
Climate Strategy and Risk
CCE-1: Climate governance and strategy
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, EHS philosophy, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Message from Our Board, SR-Report 
Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate 
Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
CCE-2: Climate risk and opportunities CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, Form 10-K, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary,  
SR-Performance Targets and Progress, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
Technology CCE-3: Lower-carbon technology CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Performance Targets and Progress, SR-Operations Overview,  
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Climate Change
Emissions
CCE-4: Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Air Emissions, SR-Performance Metrics
CCE-5: Methane emissions CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, 
SR-Air Emissions, SR-Public Advocacy, SR-Performance Metrics
Energy Use CCE-6: Energy use CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
Flaring CCE-7: Flared gas CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-
Air Emissions, SR-Performance Metrics
Environment
Water
ENV-1: Freshwater CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Environment 
Overview, SR-Water Management, SR-Performance Metrics
ENV-2: Discharges to water Not Disclosed
Biodiversity
ENV-3: Biodiversity policy and strategy EHS philosophy, SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity
ENV-4:  Protected and priority areas  
for biodiversity conservation
EHS philosophy, SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity
IPIECA ISSUE INDICATORS REFERENCE
Environment (cont’d)
Air Emissions ENV-5: Emissions to air CCAR, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
Spills ENV-6: Spills to the environment CCAR, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Performance Metrics
Materials Management ENV-7: Materials management CCAR, SR-Performance Targets, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, 
SR-Water Management, SR-Waste Management, SR-Performance Metrics
Decommissioning ENV-8: Decommissioning Not disclosed
Safety, Health and Security
Workforce Protection
SHS-1: Safety, health and security engagement EHS Philosophy, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Safety Overview,  
SR-Workforce Safety
SHS-2: Workforce and community health Form 10-K, EHS Philosophy, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Waste Management, SR-Safety & Security 
Overview, SR-Workforce Overview, SR-Our Employee Experience
SHS-3:  Occupational injury and illness 
incidents
SR-Report Summary, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Public Advocacy,  
SR-Performance Metrics
SHS-4: Transport safety SR-Workforce Safety
Product Health, Safety  
and Environmental Risk SHS-5: Product stewardship SR-Waste Management, SR-Workforce Safety, Safety Data Sheets, EHS Philosophy  
Devon does not produce petroleum consumer products. 
Process Safety SHS-6: Process safety SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Performance Metrics
Security SHS-7: Security risk management SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Cybersecurity, 
SR-Emergency Preparedness
Social
Human Rights  
Management
SOC-1: Human rights due diligence Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Statement on Human Rights, SR-Ethics and Integrity, SR-Human Rights
SOC-2: Suppliers and human rights Statement on Human Rights, Supplier Qualification Requirements, SR-Human Rights
SOC-3: Security and human rights SR-Workforce Safety
Labor Practices
SOC-4:  Site-based labor practices and  
worker accommodation
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety
SOC-5: Workforce diversity and inclusion EEO-1 Report, Form 10-K, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Social Overview, SR-STEM, SR-
Philanthropy, SR-Workforce Overview, SR-Our Employee Experience, SR-Diversity Equity and Inclusion
SOC-6: Workforce engagement Ethics & Compliance Hotline, SR-Workforce Overview, SR-Our Employee Experience
SOC-7: Workforce training and development SR-Waste Management, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Cybersecurity, SR-Ethics & Integrity, SR-Emergency 
Preparedness, SR-Our Employee Experience, SR-Diversity Equity & Inclusion
SOC-8:  Workforce non-retaliation  
and grievance mechanisms
Ethics & Compliance Hotline, SR-Ethics & Integrity
Community Engagement
SOC-9:  Local community impacts  
and engagement
SR-About this Report, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Water Management, SR-Emergency 
Preparedness, SR-Social Overview, SR-Community Engagement, SR-STEM, SR-Philanthropy, SR-Workforce 
Overview, SR-Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
SOC-10: Engagement with indigenous peoples Statement on Human Rights, SR-Human Rights, SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity, SR-Community 
Engagement, SR-STEM
SOC-11:  Land acquisition and involuntary 
resettlement
Not Applicable
SOC-12: Community grievance mechanisms Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Statement on Human Rights, SR-Community Engagement, SR-Human Rights
SOC-13: Social investment Corporate Giving Policy, SR-Report Summary, SR-Social Overview, SR-Community Engagement, SR-STEM,
SR-Philanthropy, SR-Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Local Content
SOC-14:  Local procurement and supplier 
development
SR-Community Engagement, SR-Philanthropy
SOC-15: Local hiring practices Not Applicable
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
69 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
SASB
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Sustainability Accounting Standard 
(version 2018-10)
The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) connects businesses and 
investors on the financial impacts of sustainability. SASB’s mission is to help 
businesses around the world identify, manage and report on the sustainability 
topics that matter most to their investors. 
In response to growing investor interest in SASB, we conducted a comparative analysis using SASB 
indicators against our current reporting process. As of 2020, we still rely heavily on CDP Climate, CDP Water 
and our own materiality assessment to determine our top issues and methodologies for reporting. Various 
SASB indicators request different reporting methodologies but use the same underlying raw data that we 
use for our CDP responses. As such, Devon intends to use the SASB materiality profile for the oil and gas 
industry as an additional reference point when assessing the sustainability issues most likely to impact our 
business. We will determine what additional SASB-specific measurements Devon may adopt in the future 
based upon future assessments.
SASB TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions
EM-EP-110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage methane, percentage covered 
under emissions-limiting regulations
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Sustainability Report (SR)-Report 
Summary,SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air 
Emissions, SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-110a.2
Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions from: (1) flared hydrocarbons, (2) 
other combustion, (3) process emissions, (4) other vented emissions, and (5) 
fugitive emissions
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-
Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, 
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-110a.3
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 
1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance 
against those targets
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-
Performance Targets and Progress, SR-Climate Change,  
SR-Air Emissions
Air Quality EM-EP-120a.1 Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOX (excluding N2O), (2) SOX,  
(3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) particulate matter (PM10) Not Disclosed
Water  
Management
EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) total fresh water consumed, percentage of 
each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress
CDP Water Response, SR-Water Management,  
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water and flowback generated; percentage (1) discharged, 
(2) injected, (3) recycled; hydrocarbon content in discharged water
CDP Water Response, SR-Water Management,  
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public disclosure 
of all fracturing fluid chemicals used Not Disclosed
EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or surface water 
quality deteriorated compared to a baseline Not Disclosed
SASB TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Biodiversity  
Impacts
EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and practices  
for active sites
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, GEPP Board Committee Charter, EHS 
Philosophy, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Land Conservation and 
Biodiversity, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Enterprise Risk Management
EM-EP-160a.2 Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, volume in Arctic, 
volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10, and volume recovered SR-Environment Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with 
protected conservation status or endangered species habitat Not Disclosed
Security, Human 
Rights, and Rights  
of Indigenous 
Peoples
EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near areas of conflict Not Applicable
EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near indigenous land Not Disclosed
EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with respect 
to human rights, indigenous rights, and operation in areas of conflict
Statement on Human Rights, SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity, 
SR-Ethics and Integrity, SR-Human Rights
Community  
Relations
EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated with 
community rights and interests SR-Social Overview, SR-Community Engagement
EM-EP-210b.2 Number and duration of non-technical delays Not Disclosed
Workforce  
Health  
& Safety
EM-EP-320a.1
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near miss 
frequency rate (NMFR), and (4) average hours of health, safety, and 
emergency response training for (a) full-time employees, (b) contract 
employees, and (c) short-service employees
SR-Report Summary, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, 
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety 
throughout the exploration and production lifecycle
EHS Philosophy, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Operations
Overview, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety
Reserves Valuation  
& Capital 
Expenditures
EM-EP-420a.1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price projection 
scenarios that account for a price on carbon emissions CCAR
EM-EP-420a.2 Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved hydrocarbon reserves Not Disclosed
EM-EP-420a.3 Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue generated by renewable 
energy sales Not Applicable
EM-EP-420a.4
Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate 
regulation influence the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, 
acquisition, and development of assets
CCAR, Form 10-K
Business Ethics 
& Payments 
Transparency
EM-EP-510a.1
Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in countries that 
have the 20 lowest rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption 
Perception Index
Not Applicable
EM-EP-510a.2 Description of the management system for prevention of corruption  
and bribery throughout the value chain Anti-Corruption Policy, SR-Ethics & Integrity
Management of the 
Legal & Regulatory 
Environment
EM-EP-530a.1
Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/
or policy proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting 
the industry
Political Activity and Lobbying Report, SR-Governance Overview, 
SR-Public Advocacy
Critical incident  
risk management
EM-EP-540a.1 Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) of 
greater consequence (Tier 1) Not Disclosed
EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate 
catastrophic and tail-end risks SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Emergency Preparedness
Activity Metrics
EM-EP-000.A
Production of oil Form 10-K
Production of natural gas Form 10-K
Production of synthetic oil Not Applicable
Production of synthetic gas Not Applicable
EM-EP-000.B Number of offshore sites Not Applicable
EM-EP-000.C Number of terrestrial sites Website: https:/ /www.devonenergy.com/operations
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
70 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOAL REFERENCE
SDG Goal 3 – Good Health and Well-Being SR-Our Employee Experience
SDG Goal 4 – Quality Education  SR-STEM
SDG Goal 5 – Gender Equality SR-Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
SDG Goal 6 – Clean Water and Sanitation SR-Water Management
SDG Goal 7 – Affordable and Clean Energy SR-Climate Change
SDG Goal 8 – Decent Work and Economic Growth SR-Workforce Safety
SDG Goal 13 – Climate Action SR- Enterprise Risk Management
SDG Goal 15 – Life on Land SR-Land Conservation and Biodiversity
SDG Goal 17 – Partnerships for the Goals SR-Air Emissions
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
At Devon, one way we reflect on our role in society is by viewing our work through the lens 
of the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, or SDGs. The SDGs are the globally agreed-upon 
action plan for providing affordable and clean energy, protecting our planet, and promoting 
peace and prosperity for all people. We identified nine SDGs for which we believe Devon 
makes the greatest contribution. The following table summarizes those nine SDGs and where 
discussion of those topics can be found in this report.
American Exploration & Production Council Framework
The American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) is a national trade association representing the 
largest independent oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in the United States. To 
promote transparency and consistency in ESG reporting among U.S. upstream exploration and production 
companies, AXPC launched its voluntary ESG Metrics Framework and Template in February 2021. AXPC’s 
framework includes five key metrics groupings – Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Flaring, Spills, Water Use 
and Safety. Note, Devon’s performance data presented in this AXPC framework table may differ in scope, 
definition and methodology from Devon’s reported data elsewhere in this report.
TOPIC METRIC 2021 ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions
Scope 1 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) 3,061,630
Devon calculates our direct (Scope 1) GHG 
and methane emissions by including all 
emissions reported to the Environmental 
Protection Agency (EPA) pursuant to 
the Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
(GHGRP) for onshore production and 
gathering and boosting assets under our 
operational control, as well as emissions 
subject to the GHGRP that fall below the 
basin-level reporting threshold.
AXPC GHG and methane emissions, as shown 
here, include only emissions for onshore 
production and gathering and boosting 
assets that are reportable under the 
GHGRP and, therefore, exclude emissions 
that fall below the basin-level reporting 
threshold.
Scope 1 GHG Intensity
Scope 1 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e)/Gross Annual Production  
- As Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe)
11.03
Percent of Scope 1 GHG Emissions Attributed to Gathering and 
Boosting Segment 10%
Scope 2 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) 339,086
Scopes 1 & 2 Combined GHG Intensity
(Scope 1 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) + Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions (metric tons CO2e))/Gross Annual Production as 
Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe)
12.25
Scope 1 Methane Emissions (metric tons CH4 ) 17,709
Scope 1 Methane Intensity
Scope 1 Methane Emissions (metric tons CH4)/Gross Annual 
Production - As Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe)
0.06
Percent of Scope 1 Methane Emissions Attributed to  
Gathering and Boosting Segment 5%
Flaring
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf) 6,392,007
Percentage of gas flared per Mcf of gas produced
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf)/Gross  
Annual Gas Production (Mcf)
0.93%
Volume of gas flared per barrel of oil equivalent produced 
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf)/Gross  
Annual Production (Boe)
0.023
Spills
Spill Intensity
Produced Liquids Spilled (Bbl)/Total Produced Liquids (MBbl) 0.000
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
71 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
TOPIC METRIC 2021 ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
Water Use
Fresh Water Intensity
Fresh Water Consumed (Bbl)/Gross Annual Production (Boe) –
Water Recycle Rate
Recycled Water (Bbl)/Total Water Consumed (Bbl) 53%
Devon calculates our water consumption 
by including volumes that were consumed 
downhole during completions activities.
Does your company use WRI Aqueduct, GEMI, Water  
Risk Filter, Water Risk Monetizer, or other comparable  
tool or methodology to determine the water stressed  
areas in your portfolio?
Yes
Safety
Employee TRIR
# of Employee OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual  
Employee Workhours
0.58
Contractor TRIR
# of Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual 
Contractor Workhours
0.48
Combined TRIR
# of Combined OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual  
Combined Workhours
0.49
Supporting  
Data
Gross Annual Oil Production (Bbl) 162,544,851
Gross Annual Gas Production (Mcf) 684,974,945
Gross Annual Production (Boe) 276,707,342
Gross Annual Production (MBoe) 276,707
Gross Annual Production - As Reported  
Under Subpart W (MBoe) 277,668
Total Produced Liquids (MBbl) 539,559
Produced Liquids Spilled (Bbl) 36,451
Freshwater Consumed (Bbl) –
Recycled Water (Bbl) 61,431,129
Total Water Consumed (Bbl) 115,926,322
Employee OSHA Recordable Cases 12
Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases 55
Combined OSHA Recordable Cases 67
Annual Employee Workhours 4,128,620
Annual Contractor Workhours 22,993,057
Methodology CAPP
Annual Combined Workhours 27,121,677
American Exploration & Production Council Framework continued
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
American Petroleum Institute Framework 
TOPIC NO. INDICATOR UNITS 2021 COMMENTS
1.  Direct GHG  
Emissions 
(Scope 1) 
1.1 Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) - All GHGs (million metric tons CO2e) 3.08 
1.1.1 Upstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 3.08 
1.1.1.1 CH4 (million metric tons CO 2e) 0.45 
1.1.1.2 Upstream Flaring (All GHGs; subset of Scope 1) (million metric tons CO 2e) 0.60 
1.1.1.3 Volume of Flares (mmcf) 6,790 
1.1.2 Midstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A   
1.1.2.1 CH4 (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A   
1.1.3 Downstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A   
1.1.4 LNG - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A  
1.1.5 Oil and Natural Gas Field Services - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A
2.  Indirect GHG Emissions 
from Imported Energy 
(Scope 2)
2.1 Indirect GHG Emissions from Imported Electricity + Heat + Steam + 
Cooling (Scope 2, Market-based) 0.34 
2.1.1 Upstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) 0.34 
2.1.2 Midstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A   
2.1.3 Downstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A  
2.1.4 LNG  - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A  
2.1.5 Oil and Natural Gas Field Services - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A
3. GHG Mitigation 
3.1 GHG Mitigation from CCUS, Credits, and Offsets (million metric tons CO 2e) —
3.1.1 Carbon Capture Utilization or Storage (CCUS) - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) —
3.1.2 Renewable Energy Credits - (RECs for Indirect Emissions) - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) —
3.1.3 Offsets - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) —
4.  GHG Emissions  
Intensity
4.1 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Upstream GHG Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/MBOE 12 
4.2 Scope 1 Upstream Methane Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/MBOE 2 
4.3 Scope 1 Upstream Flaring Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/MBOE 2 
4.4 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Liquids Pipelines Transmission GHG Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/ 
throughput in barrel-miles N/A
4.5 Scope 1 Natural Gas Pipelines Transmission & Storage  
Methane Intensity % N/A
4.6 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Downstream GHG Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/MBOE N/A
4.7 Scope 1 + Scope 2 LNG GHG Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/mmcf N/A
4.8
Additional Intensity Metrics, if applicable (e.g., further disaggregated  
by constituent GHG or by more granular business asset, and/or for 
additional business assets beyond these categories)
             Yes             No

Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
72 Devon Energy    2021 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
Disclaimer 
This report contains terms, standards and reporting metrics used by IPIECA, 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and United Nations’ Sustainable 
Development Goals (UNSDG, together with IPIECA, TCFD and SASB, the 
“Frameworks”). The contents of this report are intended as guidance only 
and may not be comprehensive in scope or coverage, including as to such 
Frameworks. Devon does not intend to and is not endorsing or adopting 
phrases, specific terms or recommendations from the Frameworks. Non-
financial and non-GAAP information, such as that included in this report, is 
subject to more potential limitations than financial information, given the 
methods used for calculating or estimating such information. Devon does not 
make any express or implied representations or warranties and shall not assume 
any liability whatsoever for providing guidance or using these Frameworks, or 
for any errors, mistakes or omissions in this report. 
Additionally, the concept of materiality used in this report is not intended 
to correspond to the concept of materiality associated with the disclosures 
required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Please 
refer to our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the 
SEC for information about the risks and uncertainties to our business and 
operations, and our industry in general. This report also incorporates a greater 
number of estimates and assumptions than many of our required disclosures, 
as well as longer time frames.  This means that many of the matters discussed 
in this report are not, or currently cannot be ascertained to be, “material” as 
that term is defined by the U.S. federal securities laws.  While certain matters 
discussed in this report may be significant, any significance should not be 
read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the purposes of 
complying with the U.S. federal securities laws, even where we use the
word “material” or “materiality” in this report.  Moreover, given the inherent 
uncertainty of the estimates, assumptions and timelines contained in this 
report, we may not be able to anticipate whether or the degree to which we will 
be able to meet our plans, targets or goals in advance.
This report covers our owned and operated businesses and does not address 
the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors and partners 
unless otherwise noted. This report does not distinguish between the activities 
and operations of our ultimate parent company (Devon Energy Corporation) 
and those of our subsidiaries.
This report includes “forward-looking statements” as defined by the SEC and 
federal securities laws. Any statement that is not a historical statement of fact 
should be treated as a forward-looking statement.  Such statements include, 
without limitation, statements that relate to the manner in which Devon 
intends to conduct certain of its activities, based on management’s current 
plans and expectations. Such statements are not promises or guarantees of 
future conduct or policy and are subject to a number of assumptions, risks 
and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. See the Safe Harbor 
disclosure at the end of this report. Devon’s actual activities, including the 
development, implementation or continuation of any goal, program, target 
or initiative discussed in this report may differ materially in the future. The 
forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date this report 
is originally published, even if subsequently made available by Devon on its 
website or otherwise, and are based on management’s expectations as of such 
date. Devon does not undertake, and expressly disclaims, any obligation to 
update the forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future 
events or otherwise.
Safe Harbor 
Some of the information provided in this report includes “forward-looking 
statements” as defined by the SEC and federal securities laws, including, but not 
limited to, those statements regarding our net zero targets, emission reduction 
targets and other climate and environmental-related goals, strategies and 
plans. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by use 
of the words “goals,” “achievements,” “forecasts,” “projections,” “estimates,” 
“plans,” “expectations, “targets,” “opportunities,” “potential,” “outlook” and 
other similar terminology. Such statements concerning future performance are 
subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause Devon’s actual 
results to differ materially, and adversely, from the forward-looking statements 
contained herein. Readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-
looking statement.  Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and 
measurements used in preparing this report continue to evolve and are based 
on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but should 
not be considered guarantees or promises of future performance.  Actual results, 
conditions and outcomes, whether financial or otherwise, may differ materially, 
and adversely, from those expressed or implied by any of the forward-looking 
statements contained in this report due to a variety of factors, including, 
among others, global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, 
technological innovations (including, but not limited to, the pace of technological 
developments with respect to leak detection), climate-related conditions 
and weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, our ability to gather 
and verify data regarding environmental impacts, our ability to successfully 
implement various initiatives throughout the organization under expected time 
frames, the compliance of various third parties, including our contractors, with 
our policies and procedures, and legal requirements and other unforeseen events 
or conditions.  Other risks and uncertainties are described in more detail in the 
“Risk Factors” section of our most recent Form 10-K and in our other filings 
with the SEC and other disclosures.  Devon has not, and does not intend to, 
independently verify third-party data.
The forward-looking statements provided in this report are based on 
management’s examination of historical operating trends, the information which 
was used to prepare reserve reports and other data in Devon’s possession or 
available from third parties. Devon cautions that its future oil, natural gas and 
natural gas liquids (“NGL”) production, revenues and expenses are subject to 
all of the risks and uncertainties normally incident to the exploration for and 
development, production and sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs. These risks 
include, but are not limited to, price volatility, inflation or lack of availability of 
goods and services, environmental risks, drilling risks, political changes, changes 
in laws or regulations, the uncertainty inherent in estimating future oil and gas 
production or reserves and, as noted above, other risks identified in our Form 
10-K and our other filings with the SEC.
NYSE: DVN
www.devonenergy.com
Corporate Headquarters
Devon Energy
333 W. Sheridan Ave.
Oklahoma City, OK 73102-5015
405-235-3611
American Petroleum Institute continued 
TOPIC NO. INDICATOR UNITS 2021 COMMENTS
5.  Indirect GHG Emissions 
from Consumers’ Use of 
Products (Scope 3)
5.1 Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products (Category 11) (million metric tons CO 2e) 73
6.  Additional Climate-
Related Targets and 
Reporting 
6.1 GHG Reduction Target(s)              Yes             No
6.2 TCFD-informed reporting              Yes             No
6.3 Additional Climate Reporting Resources 
7.  Third-party 
Verification 
7.1 Assurance Level 2 Devon’s 2021 Climate Change 
Assessment Report
7.2 Assurance Provider ERM CVS
Reporting Frameworks  continued
Reporting