2020
Environmental, Social, and Governance Report 
A Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures Report
Posted October 21, 2021
Revised December 21, 2021

A Message from Our CEO
As a major energy transportation and storage 
company, dedicated to providing safe and reliable 
natural gas, liquid products, and bulk commodity 
transportation and storage services, we remain 
committed to serving our investors, colleagues, 
customers, and neighbors to improve lives and create 
a better world.  
The serious and sobering events of 2020 compelled 
us to sharpen our focus while maintaining our values 
of integrity, accountability, safety, and excellence.  
The severe winter storm in February 2021, and the 
resulting soaring energy demands in Texas and 
elsewhere, reminded us of the importance of being 
prepared and operating our critical energy 
infrastructure responsibly and reliably, now and in the 
future. 
Disaster Preparedness
We worked differently during the pandemic, 
successfully shifting much of our culture and 
relationships to a virtual platform and making 
adjustments to in-person work.  We were able to 
leverage our well-established business continuity 
plans, Pandemic Preparedness Committee, and 
Pandemic Preparedness Plan to anticipate and 
mitigate risk while also minimizing impacts to our 
employees and critical business functions.  
Throughout the pandemic, our President, Kim Dang, 
and I sent frequent recorded audio updates and 
company-wide emails on key topics of interest, 
including protocols for keeping employees safe, new 
business initiatives, and progress against goals.  This 
adaptability, planning, and good communication both 
demonstrated and strengthened our resilience.
We have been conservative in our return to the office 
plans, bringing back a select group of office 
employees, including senior management, with plans 
to bring back additional employees in phases.  Our 
central priorities remain the health and safety of our 
employees, their families, and our contractors, as well 
as the safe and reliable physical and commercial 
operation of our assets.  
Reducing Emissions
Natural gas plays a significant role in providing 
cleaner, reliable, and dispatchable energy to the 
world.  We believe that natural gas will continue to be 
part of the solution to reduce the world’s GHG 
emissions. 
For more than 25 years, we have been finding ways to 
reduce methane emissions from our natural gas 
transportation and storage assets.  In 2016, we set a 
goal of achieving an intensity target of 0.31% of 
methane emissions per unit of throughput by 2025 for 
our natural gas transmission and storage assets and 
have surpassed this target every year since 2017.  In 
2020, we had a methane emission intensity rate for 
these operations of 0.04%.  
While we are proud of our accomplishments to date, 
we know that there is much more work to be done.  
We continue to increase our focus on reducing GHG 
emissions from our operations by identifying and 
implementing emission reduction initiatives.
As promised in our first ESG Report, this Report 
includes our company-wide GHG Scope 1 and Scope 
2 emissions.  Developing a process to gather and 
report our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions helped us 
to gain a deeper understanding of our emissions, 
emission sources, and the means by and extent to 
which we may be able to reduce those emissions.  We 
believe this is the first step toward establishing 
achievable longer term GHG reduction targets. 
Protecting the Environment
Land and habitat preservation is a key component of 
our construction plans, both when designing a new 
route for a pipeline project and when performing 
maintenance on facilities that have been in service for 
many years.

In 2020, during the construction of the Permian 
Highway Pipeline (PHP), our PHP joint venture 
facilitated the donation of over 1,300 acres of land in 
Travis County, Texas, to the Balcones Canyonlands 
National Wildlife Refuge, expanding the current 
refuge for the endangered Golden-Cheeked Warbler.  
Altogether, PHP spent over $10 million on land 
purchases and biodiversity offsets to help protect this 
endangered species.
Projects like this one, and our ESG performance and 
initiatives, contributed to our inclusion in America’s 
Most Responsible Companies 2021, an annual list 
produced by Statista and Newsweek magazine.
Making a Difference for the Future
We are pursuing opportunities that contribute to the 
global effort to address climate change.  In 2021, we 
joined three pilot projects that bring together players 
across the energy value chain to transport responsibly 
sourced natural gas to communities in Colorado and 
the Northeast U.S.  We believe industry-led projects 
like these will help expand the responsible delivery of 
lower carbon energy.
We are also investing in a low carbon future through 
our newly formed energy transition ventures group, 
whose mission is to identify, analyze and pursue 
commercial opportunities emerging from the 
transition to low carbon energy.  We are also 
expanding our natural gas transmission, RNG and 
LNG businesses, and investing in biodiesel, ethanol, 
and renewable diesel projects.  Our TCFD report 
describes some of these initiatives.
It has become clearer than ever that the most efficient 
companies will be the ones who thrive.  In 2020, we 
reviewed our operations for organizational 
effectiveness and efficiency, resulting in the 
consolidation and centralization of many of our cross-
business segment functions – bringing our experts 
together to institute best practices across the 
organization.  Although this process led to the 
difficult decision to reduce our workforce by 5%, we 
are stronger and ready for the opportunities and 
challenges ahead.
Investing in our People
We are committed to maintaining a positive and 
productive work environment - where employees can 
feel safe, respected, included and heard, and where 
our diverse, multi-generational workforce has the 
tools available to further career and development 
goals.  
In 2021, we spent significant time considering what 
worked during the pandemic that might benefit us in 
the future.  We have decided to test a hybrid, remote 
work model for some office-based employees for the 
remainder of 2021.  We believe this model could 
make us more effective and efficient as a company.
The percentage of our workforce represented by 
minority employees and the representation of females 
in management has increased in each of the last three 
years.  In addition, 42% of our executive leadership is 
female or a minority.  In July 2020, we formalized an 
expectation for our leadership team to establish a plan 
to enhance diversity and equality of opportunity in 
hiring, development, and promotion decisions.  We 
discuss and reinforce these expectations in regularly 
scheduled meetings throughout the year and plan to 
make them a key focus in our annual performance 
reviews.  
Expanding Opportunities
In addition to our plans to enhance diversity and 
equality of opportunity among our employees, we are 
working to further diversify our supplier and 
contractor network.  To that end, we recently joined 
the Houston Minority Supplier Development Council, 
whose mission is to bring together major corporations 
and certified Minority Business Enterprises.
We are proud of our performance during this difficult 
period and we understand that our ability to adapt  
may become ever more important as we face new 
challenges in the future.  We plan to continue 
applying what we have learned to make us even 
stronger and more resilient. 
 
Steve Kean, Chief Executive Officer

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Glossary v
Part 1 - Sustainability Report 1
1.0 Introduction 1
1.1 COVID-19 Pandemic Response 4
2.0 Overview of Business 6
2.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 7
2.2 Management System 8
2.2.1 Third-Party Certifications 12
3.0 Greenhouse Gas Emissions 12
3.1 Gross Global Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, Percentage Methane, Percentage Covered under 
Emissions-Limiting Regulations 12
3.2 Strategy to Manage Gross Global Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 14
3.2.1 GHG Emission Reduction Efforts 15
3.2.1.1 Methane Emission Reduction Commitment 15
3.2.1.2 Other GHG Emissions Reduction Efforts 18
3.2.2 Research and Development 19
3.2.3 Industry and Agency Participation 22
3.2.4 Compliance Reporting and Regulation 23
3.2.5 Energy Management 23
3.3 Scope 3 Emissions 26
3.4 GHG Offsetting, Reductions, and Targets 26
3.4.1 GHG Offsetting 26
3.4.2 GHG Reductions 27
3.4.3 GHG Targets 27
4.0 Air Quality 29
4.1 Air Emissions 29
4.2 Air Emissions for the Following Pollutants: NOx (excluding N2O), SOx, VOCs, and 
PM10
30
5.0 Water Management 31
5.1 Water Usage 32
6.0 Ecological Impacts 33
6.1 Environmental Management Policies and Practices for Active Operations 33
6.2 Percentage of Land Owned, Leased, and/or Operated within Areas of Protected 
Conservation Status or Endangered Species Habitat 37
6.3 Hydrocarbon Spills 38
6.4 Marine Spills and Releases to the Environment 40
6.5 Environmental Fines and Penalties 40
7.0 Employee and Contractor Health and Safety 41
7.1 Discussion of Safety Management Systems to Integrate Culture of Safety and 
Emergency Preparedness 41
i

7.2 Employee and Contractor Safety Statistics and Average Hours of Health, Safety, and 
Emergency Response Training 42
7.3 Marine Lost Time Incident Rate 45
8.0 Supply Chain Management 46
9.0 Waste Management 49
10.0 Competitive Behavior 51
11.0 Prevention of Corruption and Bribery throughout the Value Chain 52
12.0 Operational Safety 52
12.1 Asset Integrity Management 52
12.2 Damage Prevention 53
12.3 Business Continuity Planning and Emergency Preparedness 54
12.4 Reportable Pipeline Incidents 57
12.5 Natural Gas and Hazardous Liquid Pipelines Inspection 58
12.6 Rail Transportation Operational Safety - Accident and Non-Accident Releases and 
FRA Recommended Violation Defects 59
13.0 Management of Changes to the Legal and Regulatory Environment 60
13.1 Political Contributions and Lobbying Expenses 62
13.2 Tax Transparency 63
14.0 Data Security 64
15.0 Employee Relations 66
15.1 Employees 66
15.2 Diversity and Inclusion 69
15.3 Human Capital Development Programs 72
16.0 Community Relations 74
16.1 Processes to Manage Risks and Opportunities Associated with Community Rights and 
Interests 74
16.1.1 Stakeholder Engagement and Consultation Mechanisms 75
16.1.1.1 Public Awareness Program 76
16.2 Social Investment Programs 77
17.0 Human Rights and Rights of Indigenous Peoples 80
17.1 Human Rights 80
17.2 Rights of Indigenous Peoples 81
Part 2 – TCFD Report 83
1.0 Governance 83
1.1 Board Oversight 84
1.2 Management’s Role 85
2.0 Strategy 86
2.1 Potential Climate-Related Risks, Opportunities, and Impacts 87
2.2 Financial Planning Considerations 94
2.3 Resilience of Our Strategy 95
2.3.1 Transition Risk Analysis 96
2.3.2 Physical Risk Analysis Results 104
3.0 Risk and Opportunity Management 105
4.0 Metrics and Targets 108
ii

4.1 Climate-Related Metrics 108
4.2 Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 GHG Emissions 109
4.3 Climate-Related Targets 109
Appendix A.1 – ESG Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics 110
Appendix A.2 – GHG Accounting Metrics 115
Appendix B – Activity Metrics 118
Appendix C – ESG Content Index 120
Appendix D – Third-Party Assurance Statement 127
Appendix E – Summary of Scenarios and their Underlying Assumptions and Indicators 144
Important Information about Policies, Procedures, Practices, and Forward-Looking Statements 146
 
iii

Cautionary Note and Forward-Looking Statements
References to policies and procedures in our Report do not represent guarantees or promises about their 
efficacy, or any assurance that such measures will apply in every case, as there may be exigent 
circumstances, factors, or considerations that may cause implementation of other measures or exceptions 
in specific instances.  This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable 
securities laws, including the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of 
the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934.  Please see “Important Information about Policies, Procedures, 
Practices, and Forward-Looking Statements” for additional information.
iv

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE REPORT
Glossary 
Company Abbreviations
KMI = Kinder Morgan, Inc., its operated 
subsidiaries, and its operated investees
PHP = Permian Highway Pipeline
KML = Kinder Morgan Canada Limited, and 
its operated subsidiaries, and its 
operated investees
TMPL = Trans Mountain pipeline system
Unless the context otherwise requires, references to “KMI,” “Kinder Morgan,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or “the Company” are 
intended to mean Kinder Morgan, Inc., and its operated subsidiaries, including its consolidated subsidiary, KML, and operated 
investees.  All dollar amounts in U.S. dollars.  Where applicable, values have been rounded to the nearest whole number.  
Unless stated otherwise, our reporting boundary for the data in this report is for the assets where we have operational control.  
For this Report, we do not consider the Jones-Act-qualified product tankers operated by Intrepid Ship Management to be 
under our operational control.
°C = degrees Celsius CDC = Centers for Disease Control and 
Prevention
/d = per day CEO = Chief Executive Officer
/yr = per year CER = Canadian Energy Regulator
ACC = American Chemistry Council CFO = Chief Financial Officer
AOPL = Association of Oil Pipe Lines CFR = Code of Federal Regulations
API = American Petroleum Institute CGA = Common Ground Alliance
AR5 = IPCC Fifth Assessment Report, 2014 CH4 = methane
ARPA-E = U.S. Advanced Research Projects 
Agency-Energy
CO2 = carbon dioxide
ASEA = National Agency for Safety, Energy 
and Environment of Mexico
CO2e = carbon dioxide equivalent
BBbl = billion barrels COO = Chief Operating Officer
bbl = barrels COVID-19 = Coronavirus Disease 2019, a 
widespread contagious disease, or the 
related pandemic declared and 
resulting worldwide economic 
downturn
Bcf = billion cubic feet DOE = U.S. Department of Energy
BLS = U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics DOT = U.S. Department of Transportation
BOE = barrel of oil equivalent DRA = drag reducing agent
Bscf = billion standard cubic feet EBDA = earnings before depreciation, depletion, 
and amortization expenses, including 
amortization of excess cost of equity 
investments
CAO = Chief Administrative Officer EBITDA = earnings before interest, income taxes, 
depreciation, depletion and 
amortization expenses, including 
amortization of excess cost of equity 
investments
CCATF = Climate Change Adaption Task Force EDGAR = Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, 
and Retrieval
CCUS = carbon capture, utilization, and storage EHS = environmental, health, and safety
Common Industry and Other Terms
v

EIA = U.S. Energy Information 
Administration
LNG = liquefied natural gas
EOR = enhanced oil recovery LTIR = lost time incident rate
EPA = U.S. Environmental Protection Agency MMBbl = million barrels
ESG = environmental, social, and governance MMBtu = million British thermal units
EV = electric vehicle MMcf = million cubic feet
ft3 = cubic feet MMscf = million standard cubic feet
FERC = U.S. Federal Energy Regulatory 
Commission
MWh = megawatt-hours
FRA = U.S. Federal Railroad Association N2O = nitrous oxide
GAAP = generally accepted accounting 
principles
NETL = U.S. National Energy Technology 
Laboratory
GDP = gross domestic product NGA = U.S. Natural Gas Act
GHG = greenhouse gas NGL = natural gas liquids
GHGRP = Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program NGOs = non-government organizations
GIS = geographical information system NOx = nitrogen oxides
GRI = Global Reporting Initiative NREL = National Renewable Energy 
Laboratory
GWh = gigawatt-hours OGI = optical gas imaging
GWP = global warming potential OMS = Operations Management System
HFC = hydrofluorocarbon ONE = Our Nation’s Energy
HR = Human Resources OSG = Operations Support Group
IAB = Industrial Advisory Board OSHA = U.S. Occupational Safety & Health 
Administration
ICA = U.S. Interstate Commerce Act PHMSA = U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials 
Safety Administration
IEA = International Energy Agency PM10 = particulate matter 10 micrometers or 
less in diameter
ILI = in-line inspection PPE = personal protective equipment
IMP = integrity management program PPP = purchasing power parity
INGAA = Interstate Natural Gas Association of 
America
PRCI = Pipeline Research Council 
International, Inc.
IPCC = United Nations Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change
PTO = paid time off
ISAE = International Standard of Assurance 
Engagements
PV = photovoltaic
ISO = International Organization for 
Standardization
PwC PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
IT = Information Technology RCP = Representative Concentration Pathway
kg = kilogram RNG = renewable natural gas
KMAPTM = Kinder Morgan Assessment ProtocolTM SASB = Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board
LDAR = leak detection and repair SCADA = supervisory control and data 
acquisition
LED = light-emitting diode Scf = standard cubic feet
LEED = Leadership in Energy and 
Environmental Design
SDGs = United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals
LMS = Learning Management System SDS = Sustainable Development Scenario
Common Industry and Other Terms (continued)
vi

SEC = U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission
U.S. = United States of America
SIM® = Safety In Motion® USCG = U.S. Coast Guard
SOx = sulfur oxides USFWS = U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service
STEM = Science, Technology, Engineering, and 
Math
VOCs = volatile organic compounds
TCFD = Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures
VP = Vice President
TRIR = total recordable incident rate WDPA = World Database on Protected Areas
Common Industry and Other Terms (continued)
vii

Part 1 - Sustainability Report
1.0 Introduction 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.2, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.3, SASB Rail 
Transportation TR-RA-110a.2, SASB Marine Transportation TR-MT-110a.2, GRI 102-18, GRI 102-20, 
GRI 102-32, GRI 102-46, GRI 102-50, GRI 102-52, CDP C1.1b, CDP C1.2, CDP C1.2a)
Our ESG Strategy
Our vision is to deliver energy to improve lives and create a better world.  We do this by pursuing our 
mission to provide energy transportation and storage services in a safe, efficient, and environmentally 
responsible manner for the benefit of people, communities, and businesses.  Our ESG strategy is 
consistent with our vision and mission. 
Environmental
While delivering the secure and reliable energy the world needs, we also pursue opportunities that 
contribute to the global effort to address climate change.  We continue to support a low carbon 
future through:
• expansion of our natural gas transmission, responsibly sourced natural gas, RNG, and LNG 
businesses;
• investments in biodiesel, ethanol, renewable diesel, and sustainable aviation fuel projects; 
• the formation of our energy transition ventures group, tasked with pursuing low carbon 
commercial opportunities; and  
• evaluation of CCUS opportunities. 
We focus on minimizing our environmental impacts by:
• reducing methane and other GHG emissions from our operations; and
• employing a variety of strategies to minimize our impact on areas such as: 
◦ sensitive habitats and conservation areas for threatened or endangered species;
◦ water bodies; and 
◦ wetlands.
Social
It is important to us to build and maintain healthy relationships with our employees, contractors, 
suppliers, and other stakeholders throughout the communities where we operate and have 
expansion projects.  We work to attract, develop, and retain a diverse, inclusive, and respectful 
workforce.  We support our employees’ career development goals through workforce training, 
tuition reimbursement, and other development programs.  We actively look for opportunities for 
our employees to get involved in community programs and strengthen their relationships with our 
stakeholders.  We expect our consultants, contractors, suppliers, vendors, and business partners to 
adhere to standards of conduct consistent with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our 
Supplier Code of Conduct when conducting company-related business activities.  We recognize 
that it is important to identify project stakeholders, determine their needs and expectations, and 
then monitor and work with them to meet those needs and expectations as appropriate before, 
during, and after project completion.
Governance
Our Board of Directors (Board) oversees our risks and opportunities through recurring meetings of 
the Board and its committees.  Likewise, our management team convenes a series of regularly 
1

scheduled meetings to engage our CEO, President, COO, business segment presidents and COOs, 
corporate function heads, and subject matter personnel on day-to-day issues related to our 
business.  We use these meetings to continually monitor our progress and performance and to 
identify, evaluate, and address risks and opportunities, including, where appropriate, climate-
related risks and opportunities. 
Oversight of ESG Reporting
We regularly report our performance against ESG-related environmental and safety metrics to our Board 
and investors.  These metrics are reviewed and discussed in our regularly scheduled meetings with senior 
management.  Certain ESG metrics are included in performance criteria used to determine incentive 
compensation for our employees, including executives.  The environmental metrics include an incentive to 
minimize natural gas and CO2 releases from our operations, which helps us meet our Natural Gas business 
segment GHG targets.  Our GHG targets and performance against those targets are described in Section 
3.4.3 GHG Targets of the Sustainability Report.
Our EHS leadership includes a standing EHS Committee of our Board.  The EHS Committee’s charter is 
available on our website at https://www.kindermorgan.com/WWWKM/media/Documents/Governance/
KMI_EHS_COMMITTEE-CHARTER.pdf.  This committee assists our Board in overseeing 
management’s establishment and administration of our EHS policies, programs, procedures, and 
initiatives.  Each of these items helps promote the health and safety of our employees, contractors, 
customers, the public, and the environment. 
Our Board has delegated the review and approval of our Report to its EHS Committee.  Our Report has 
been reviewed by and received input from each business segment and our ESG Disclosure Committee, 
which consists of our: 
• CEO, 
• President, 
• COO,
• CFO, 
• CAO,
• General Counsel,  
• Corporate Secretary, 
• Treasurer,
• business segment presidents, and
• other corporate officers.
Our Report
We refer to the SASB portion of our Report as our “Sustainability Report” and the TCFD portion as our 
“TCFD Report”.  We refer to our Sustainability Report together with our TCFD Report as our “Report”.  
We have posted additional ESG disclosures, including case studies and policies.  These additional 
disclosures are not part of our Report and are not incorporated by reference herein.  
We also post a summary spreadsheet of our sustainability policies and metrics.  This summary spreadsheet  
also includes the Energy Infrastructure Council/GPA Midstream ESG Reporting template.  These 
disclosures can be found on our ESG/Sustainability webpage at https://www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-
Environment/ESG.
In this Report, we use SASB’s October 2018 final standards and primarily include metrics from the SASB 
Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector Oil & Gas - Midstream Standard (EM-MD, Version 2018-10) as 
2

well as the TCFD recommendations.  In 2020, there were no pronouncements of changes to the SASB 
standards used in this Report. 
We chose the SASB framework and standards based on investor and lender feedback and because SASB 
focuses on disclosure of sustainability issues that are likely to affect the financial condition or operating 
performance of companies within an industry.  Our Sustainability Report also includes metrics from other 
SASB standards, including:
• Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector Oil & Gas - Exploration & Production Standard       
(EM-EP, Version 2018-10),
• Transportation Sector - Marine Transportation Standard (TR-MT, Version 2018-10), and
• Transportation Sector - Rail Transportation Standard (TR-RA, Version 2018-10).
We incorporate metrics from CDP, GRI, and other SASB sectors applicable to our business.  We also use 
third-party guidance in developing our Report including:
• The Ceres Roadmap for Sustainability, and
• Investor-published guidance on engagement priorities.
We reference the activities where our business contributes to SDGs.  The United Nations General 
Assembly has adopted 17 SDGs to set a global agenda for equitable, socially inclusive, and 
environmentally sustainable economic development.  Our mission aligns with the Assembly’s goals of: 
• Goal 3: ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages; and
• Goal 7: ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all.
In addition, many of our business and community investment activities support other SDGs such as those 
relating to:
• Goal 8: decent work and economic growth; 
• Goal 9: industry, infrastructure, and innovation;
• Goal 14: life below water; and 
• Goal 15: life on land. 
New to our Report
We have added several new metrics to our Report, including our company-wide GHG emission intensity 
and gross global Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions for both operational control and equity share 
reporting boundaries.  Operational control includes 100% of emissions from assets we operate and equity 
share includes our share of emissions from assets in which we own an interest.  We have added our 
diverse supplier spend, an additional contractor safety metric, environmental fines and penalties, and have 
expanded our disclosures on water usage and employee training time.  Additionally, we have updated our 
TCFD report to describe new initiatives and additional investments in low carbon and responsibly sourced 
products.
Description of Appendices
In Appendix A.1 – ESG Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics, we summarize the ESG metrics included 
throughout the Report.   Appendix A.2 – GHG Accounting Metrics summarizes our GHG metrics. 
In Appendix B – Activity Metrics, we include a set of metrics that quantify the scale of our business.  These 
activity metrics are intended to allow users of our Report to normalize data and facilitate comparisons in 
conjunction with our ESG accounting metrics.  
3

In Appendix C – ESG Content Index, we include a cross-reference table of ESG topics covered in our 
Report and other Kinder Morgan-published documents, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the year ended December 31, 2020 (2020 Form 10-K) and 2021 Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 
14(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, to the corresponding SASB Sustainable Industry 
Classification SystemTM code, GRI disclosure code, CDP question number, and SDGs target.  This cross-
reference table also includes the relevant page number of the Report and other Kinder Morgan published 
documents.
   
In Appendix D – Third-Party Assurance Statement, we include the Report of Independent Accountants for 
our Report provided by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC), an independent registered public accounting 
firm. PwC performed a limited assurance engagement on specific metrics included in our Report for 2020.  
The review engagement was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the 
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All 
Attestation Engagements, and AT-C section 210, Review Engagements, and standards established by the 
International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board in ISAE 3000, Assurance Engagements Other than 
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information. 
The majority of the 2020 company-wide quantitative metrics disclosed throughout this Report have either 
undergone third-party assurance by PwC or were tested by our Internal Audit department.  The testing 
process by our Internal Audit department includes reviewing and re-performing the processes and 
procedures for compiling and calculating the metric and performing sample testing of supporting 
documentation to check accuracy.
Appendix A.1 – ESG Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics, Appendix A.2 – GHG Accounting Metrics, 
and Appendix B – Activity Metrics include tick marks that indicate which metrics were assured by a third-
party or by our Internal Audit department.
1.1 COVID-19 Pandemic Response
When COVID-19 emerged in the United States in early 2020, we had to adjust our operations to keep our 
colleagues safe and our business running.  For some, that meant transitioning to remote work, and for 
others, it meant innovating and adhering to new protocols in the field.  We didn’t just let the pandemic 
happen to us; rather, we navigated through it by implementing health screenings, social distancing, mask 
requirements, and contact tracing each time an employee tested positive for COVID-19, as applicable.  We 
minimized person-to-person contact as much as possible and deployed Plexiglass shields to limit exposure 
and protect our employees on the front lines.  Through the hard work and dedication of our employees, we 
were able to prioritize the health and safety of our co-workers and their families while maintaining safe 
and reliable operations of our assets. 
To better communicate with our employees, our CEO and our President regularly provide recorded audio 
updates and company-wide emails to employees on relevant topics such as COVID-related safety 
protocols, new business initiatives, and progress against goals.  Our CEO and our President also hold 
periodic virtual meetings with randomly selected managers and directors to answer questions about topics 
of interest such as company operations, energy transition, workforce planning, and diversity to name a 
few.  
Below is more information about some of the actions we have taken to keep our employees and their 
families safe, our businesses running, and our plans for bringing our employees back to the office.
4

Pandemic Preparedness Plans
We leveraged our well-established and long-standing business continuity plans, Pandemic Preparedness 
Committee, and Pandemic Preparedness Plan to reduce and mitigate risk while also minimizing impacts to 
workers and critical business functions during the pandemic.  The Pandemic Preparedness Committee 
actively monitors diseases that could impact our employees and regularly adapts response plans to 
consider guidance from the CDC and other health organizations.  Read more about our Pandemic 
Preparedness Plan in Section 12.3 Business Continuity Planning and Emergency Preparedness of our 
Sustainability Report.
Workplace Mitigation Efforts
To protect our colleagues and their families, we implemented several initiatives at our offices and facilities 
including:
• implementing telecommuting for most of our office-based employees;
• for the work that required a physical presence, modifying tasks or making alternate arrangements 
to maintain adequate social distance; 
• securing the necessary PPE for our employees;
• enhancing our cleaning protocols;
• limiting access to certain facilities;
• implementing screening procedures; and
• following established protocols for notifying employees who had direct contact with someone who 
tested positive for COVID-19 to begin mitigation efforts.
More information about our telecommuting strategy and return to work plans is described in Section 12.3 
Business Continuity Planning and Emergency Preparedness of the Sustainability Report.  
Employee and Contractor Safety
Our mitigation efforts included distributing masks and other PPE for tasks where social distancing or 
alternatives were not possible, including critical roles in field operations, control centers, IT, and network 
operations.  In 2020, we spent an incremental $15 million on safety costs associated with our COVID-19 
mitigation efforts, primarily for PPE, enhanced cleaning protocols, temperature screening, and other 
measures adopted to protect our employees.  These initiatives are described in Section 7.1 Discussion of 
Safety Management Systems to Integrate Culture of Safety and Emergency Preparedness of the 
Sustainability Report.  
Auditing
We remain committed to auditing both our internal facilities and service suppliers through the COVID-19 
pandemic.  Our Internal Audit department, which normally visits facilities to perform location audits, 
successfully performed these audits remotely in 2020.  Our Contractor Safety department audited a greater 
percentage of our service suppliers’ environmental and safety performance using remote audits as 
described in Section 8.0 Supply Chain Management of the Sustainability Report.  
Giving Back 
As part of our focus on giving back to our communities during this time, we donated $250,000 to 
COVID-19 response and recovery programs in 2020 through the Kinder Morgan Foundation’s disaster 
relief program, described in Section 16.2 Social Investment Programs of the Sustainability Report.
Return to Office and Hybrid Work Model
Throughout the pandemic, we monitored our employees’ COVID-19 positive infection rates, data from 
medical professionals, local and national protocol guidelines, our peers’ responses, and our employees’ 
5

vaccination rates.  After factoring in information from these sources, some of our vice presidents as well 
as directors and managers with direct reports, returned to our offices in June 2021.  We plan to reintegrate 
our remaining employees into the workplace in phases.  We have encouraged our employees to get 
vaccinated and provide proof of vaccination, hosted vaccination clinics at our Houston office, and held 
virtual seminars to educate our employees about the benefits of the COVID-19 vaccines. 
Developing plans for bringing our employees back to the office and determining how we will work going 
forward is important for the future performance of our company.  Our goal is to leverage what we have 
learned during the pandemic to strengthen the culture and effectiveness of our company to benefit our 
stakeholders and help us perform in this highly competitive marketplace.  In making this important 
decision, a team of business segment and HR leaders:
• researched information on telecommuting and remote work; 
• spoke to peer companies; 
• reviewed surveys and white papers from major consulting firms; and
• evaluated data related to our employees, such as the commute time of our Houston-based 
employees.
We then pulled together a cross-functional team of leaders from across our organization to discuss ideas 
and opinions.  We believe that a flexible hybrid model can work for certain functions and may make us 
more effective and efficient as a company, while also increasing employee retention and enhancing talent 
recruitment.  The proposed hybrid work model consists of three core workdays, with the option to work 
from home up to two days a week.  We are implementing this hybrid work model for the majority of our 
office-based employees on a trial basis.
2.0 Overview of Business
(GRI 102-2, GRI 102-4, GRI 102-5, GRI 102-6, GRI 203-1)
We are committed to doing business the right way, every day.  To meet this commitment, our employees 
and representatives must act in accordance with our core values of:
• integrity, 
• accountability, 
• safety, and
• excellence.
We are one of the largest energy infrastructure companies in North America.  Our four business segments 
are:
• Natural Gas Pipelines, 
• Products Pipelines,
• Terminals, and
• CO 2.
We own an interest in or operate approximately 83,000 miles of pipelines and 144 terminals.  We also 
have 23 natural gas storage facilities with a working capacity of 659 Bcf.1
Our pipelines transport: 
• natural gas, 
• refined petroleum products, 
6
1 Assets as of December 31, 2020.

• crude oil, 
• condensate, 
• CO 2,
• biofuels, and 
• other products.
Pipelines are the safest, most efficient, and least costly method of transporting natural gas and petroleum 
products compared to other modes of transportation such as rail, barge, and truck.2,3,4,5  The industry’s 
safety performance in recent years has experienced continuous improvement and the total number of 
incidents and incidents impacting people or the environment continues to decline.6
Our terminals store and handle various commodities including: 
• gasoline, 
• diesel fuel,
• jet fuel,
• chemicals,
• ethanol,
• metals, 
• petroleum coke, and 
• other products. 
We are also the largest transporter of CO2 in North America for use by us and others in EOR projects, 
primarily in the Permian Basin.  
Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol “KMI.”  For more 
information about us, please see our 2020 Form 10-K, which can be found at https://
s24.q4cdn.com/126708163/files/doc_financials/2020/ar/KMI-2020-10K-Final-as-Filed.pdf.
2.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics establishes the high standard of ethical conduct that our 
employees and representatives are expected to meet and outlines how everyday behavior should align with 
our core values. 
Our Board’s Audit Committee has responsibility for the:
• oversight of the implementation and administration of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; 
7
2 DOT-PHMSA. “General Pipeline FAQs.” DOT-PHMSA, 23 Aug. 2019. 2021. <https://www.phmsa.dot.gov/about-phmsa/
phmsa-faqs>.
3 Furchtgott-Roth, Diana. “Pipelines are Safest for Transportation of Oil and Gas.” Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, 
June 2013. 2021. <https://www.manhattan-institute.org/pdf/ib_23.pdf>.    
4 Hughes, Charles. “The Energy Bottleneck: Why America needs more pipelines.” Manhattan Institute for Policy Research, 
July 2017: 9-12. 2021. <https://www.manhattan-institute.org/download/10472/article.pdf>.
5 INGAA. “Pipeline Safety & Reliability: Safety and Reliability Metrics.” INGAA. 2021. <https://www.ingaa.org/File.aspx?
id=28478&v=6dac677e>.
6 API-AOPL. “2020 Pipeline Safety Excellence Performance Report & 2020-2022 Strategic Plan.” API-AOPL, 17 June 2021: 
12-13. 2021. <https://www.api.org/-/media/APIWebsite/oil-and-natural-gas/primers/2020-API-AOPL-Pipeline-Safety-
Excellence-Performance-Report-and-20202022-Strategic-Plan.pdf?
la=en&hash=3F9DB3F7D2FFA2FAD78E14E6146FC89BA3C1CDDD>.

• review and assessment, at least annually, of the effectiveness of the Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics; and 
• recommendations to the Board of suggested changes to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
We maintain programs to prevent and detect potential violations.  Annually, each of our employees, 
including management, is required to demonstrate an understanding of or undergo additional training on 
our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including sections on anti-corruption and human rights.  The 
training explicitly promotes an open feedback culture.  Our Internal Audit department distributes an 
annual Code of Business Conduct and Ethics questionnaire, to both employees and contractors, which 
provides an opportunity to report violations.  The questionnaire responses received are evaluated by our 
Internal Audit department.  Responses requiring follow-up are overseen by the Internal Audit department 
or delegated to the appropriate company personnel.  
We encourage employees to speak up, seek guidance, and report issues or concerns through appropriate 
channels and grievance mechanisms.  In the event anyone witnesses or learns of an incident that may 
involve an ethics, compliance, or human rights violation, they can report it through several channels 
including the Kinder Morgan Ethics Hotline, a third-party platform.  Our ethics hotline allows reports to 
be made confidentially and anonymously.  Reported concerns and grievances are evaluated and 
investigated, as appropriate, by our Internal Audit, HR, EHS, or Legal Departments.  For more 
information, see our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics at https://www.kindermorgan.com/WWWKM/
media/Documents/Governance/KM_Code_of_Business_Conduct_and_Ethics.pdf.
2.2 Management System 
Management System Overview
We value the safety of our workforce and integrate a culture of safety, emergency preparedness, and 
environmental responsibility through our OMS.  Our OMS conforms to API Recommended Practice 1173 
for Pipeline Safety Management Systems and establishes a framework that helps us:
• provide employees and contractors with a safe work environment; 
• comply with laws, rules, regulations, policies, and procedures; and 
• identify opportunities to improve.  
Specifically, our OMS provides a detailed road map to build and sustain a robust culture focused on safety 
and environmental sustainability including:
• leadership and management commitment;
• risk and opportunity management;
• operational controls; 
• incident investigation, evaluation, and lessons learned;
• safety assurance;
• emergency management;
• stakeholder engagement;
• management review; and 
• continuous improvement. 
The main components of our OMS include:
• setting forth goals and policies for our physical operations;
• describing our approach to sound operations;
• setting forth the roles and responsibilities for conducting sound operations;
• establishing a set of processes to be followed in our operations;
8

• incorporating our EHS requirements; and
• providing for audits, assessment, and periodic changes to improve and maintain compliance with 
our OMS.
 
Employees receive annual training on the OMS, and we routinely evaluate and drive improvements in 
each business segment’s implementation of the OMS.  
We are constantly looking for opportunities to improve our business.  Our employees are expected to help 
us meet our goals and expectations by: 
• following our policies and procedures,
• complying with laws and regulations,
• operating our assets safely,
• identifying and addressing risks to people and the environment, and
• identifying opportunities for improvement.
We strive to be a good neighbor and contribute to sustainable development through our systematic 
approach to EHS management.  This approach supports our ability to: 
• comply with laws and regulations; 
• train employees to be aware of and meet their responsibilities for protection of the environment, 
health, and safety; and
• strive for environmental performance improvement. 
As part of our OMS, our employees are encouraged to improve and build upon our established safety 
culture by sharing information on incidents, completing training, and participating in periodic safety 
culture surveys.  Our employees are empowered to perform their work in a safe and effective manner, 
taking into account the safety-related components of each job.  Our employees and contractors have the 
power to stop work if an activity is not well understood or could lead to potential harm, and we regularly 
communicate that they have that authority.
Management of Change
We review, approve, and implement policy and procedural changes through our management of change 
process or similar established processes.  Through this process our ESG disclosure committee or select 
senior management reviews or approves ESG-related policies, including but not limited to our:
• Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,
• Human Rights Statement, 
• EHS Policy Statement,
• Biodiversity Policy,
• Supplier Code of Conduct, 
• Indigenous Peoples Policy, and 
• Community Relations Policy.
Audit Program
We maintain an operations audit program that monitors, among other things, our environmental and safety 
practices.  Our operating facilities with site-specific requirements, permits, or plans are audited every three 
to five years, depending upon the nature of the facility.  Management system audits are conducted at least 
once every three years for each business segment.  Audits are performed by qualified third parties or 
internal personnel not involved in the operations being audited.  The audit results are used to develop and 
implement corrective measures where warranted. 
9

Incident Management
Our policies and procedures require the internal reporting of incidents and investigation of significant 
incidents, including work-related injuries and illnesses.  Our employees and contractors are required to 
report and document workplace incidents, including illnesses and injuries.  Our incident management 
system provides us with the capability to:
• gather incident data, 
• analyze causes, 
• track actions and deadlines, 
• identify trends, and 
• identify and share preventive actions.  
Incident reporting and investigation includes identifying incident details, impacts, causes, and corrective 
actions.  We use the incident investigation process to identify immediate and/or root causes that 
contributed to the incident, determine corrective actions where necessary, and verify that corrective 
actions have been completed. 
Our senior management plays a vital role in establishing a strong safety culture and values the insights 
gained from our safety performance metrics relative to our targets and incident investigations.  Weekly 
senior management meetings, chaired by our CEO, include reports and discussions of notable workplace 
incidents and near misses that may have occurred during the previous week.  Our senior management has 
established detailed safety performance metrics at the business segment level and with our COOs to focus 
performance on factors related to both safety and operational reliability.  These metrics are reviewed 
during each business segment’s quarterly business review. 
Incidents, including injuries, are continually reviewed by our business segments to identify potential 
trends.  These trends are communicated to appropriate persons within the company, who meet regularly to 
share information about incidents and related improvements.  Insights and lessons learned are shared 
across our business segment operations, as appropriate.  Trends are included in discussions at weekly 
safety meetings, monthly operations meetings, and other regular operations meetings.  Periodically, our 
management has discussions with worker representatives about health and safety.
Lessons Learned
Sharing lessons learned is an integral part of our OMS and reinforces our commitment to performance 
improvement.  Our emphasis on timely incident assessment, information sharing and tracking corrections 
reinforces our employees’ understanding that risk management is a top priority.  Sharing lessons learned 
not only helps our employees understand the importance of continuous learning and improvement, it also 
helps protect against complacency.  Equally important is that everyone understands that sharing and 
voicing concerns is not only encouraged but is considered a responsibility.  Our lessons learned processes 
contribute to an environment in which employees and contractors are comfortable identifying and 
speaking up about risks and help emphasize the urgency of communicating risk information up, down, and 
across the organization.
Asset Integrity Management
For most of our pipelines, we use an IMP that incorporates integrity assessment measures to:
• identify, analyze, and prioritize potential threats to our pipelines, including incorporating actual 
and potential precursor events that can result in pipeline incidents;
• use a comprehensive and integrated means for examining, prioritizing, and comparing the 
spectrum of risks and risk reduction activities available;
10

• implement structured and easily communicated means for selecting and implementing risk 
reduction activities, including integrity assessments, remediation, and preventive measures;
• track system performance with the goal of improving performance; and
• communicate emerging needs and new technology application opportunities to top management to 
provide timely resource allocation.
We conduct pipeline inspections using various methods including:
• ILIs,
• non-destructive testing, 
• above-ground surveys,
• hydrostatic pressure tests, and 
• direct assessments.  
These inspection methods help us determine the physical condition of most of our pipelines and gather 
information to assist us in keeping our pipelines operational and safe.  Most of our inspections utilize ILI 
technology referred to as smart pigs, which provides more detailed data about corrosion and other material 
defects. 
In our ongoing pursuit of operational excellence, we developed KMAP™, a patented, innovative pipeline 
integrity solution designed to search for flaws in longitudinal welds.  KMAP™ is a unique analytical 
process that we employ to provide additional analysis beyond traditional ILI analytical methods.  We 
developed KMAP™ as a proactive solution for conducting more thorough inspections of our pipelines.  
We have been successfully using this technology since 2011.
Health, Safety and Emergency Response Training
We use an LMS to provide and track training for our employees.  Through the LMS, our employees can 
take online courses covering technical development, leadership, safety, environmental, and corporate 
policies, including our OMS and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
In 2020, our employees completed over 133,500 hours of health, safety, and emergency response training 
through our LMS, with each employee taking an average of 13 hours of training.  This is described in 
Section 7.2 Employee and Contractor Safety Statistics and Average Hours of Health, Safety, and 
Emergency Response Training of the Sustainability Report.  This is equivalent to a roughly $7.5 million 
annual investment in training for health, safety, and emergency response.7
Our operations employees receive initial health, safety, and emergency response training and subsequent 
recurring training, appropriate for their positions, at regular intervals.  Training assignments are 
determined by training matrices developed by internal training and safety specialists and are specific to 
each job category.  Training can be individually tailored by an employee’s supervisor or the employee, 
who can self-register for any course in our LMS.  
Our training target is to have 100% of training courses assigned to employees in our LMS completed by 
the end of each year.  We have processes in place to help employees meet this target. 
We provide emergency management training consistent with USCG, EPA, DOT, CER, and ASEA 
requirements.  We also have an extensive pipeline safety operator qualification program.
11
7 This is calculated by multiplying our total training hours by our employees’ hourly median salary, calculated from the annual 
employee median salary disclosed in our 2021 Proxy Statement.

Environmental Training
Through our OMS, employees across the organization are required to take environmental training at 
regular intervals to meet position-specific needs.   
Environmental training is delivered through a combination of:
• computer-based training through our LMS,
• instructor-led classroom training, and 
• hands-on training. 
Employees receive position-relevant training on environmental topics including:
• environmental awareness;
• waste management procedures;
• spill control procedures;
• environmental sampling procedures; and
• stormwater runoff handling procedures, such as water treatment.
Our health, safety, emergency response, and environmental training program promotes performance 
improvement and helps us meet our objectives for an informed and knowledgeable workforce.  
For more information, see our OMS webpage at https://www.kindermorgan.com/About-Us/OMS.
2.2.1 Third-Party Certifications 
ACC’s Responsible Care® Program
Fifteen of our liquids terminals, including our largest, participate in the ACC’s Responsible Care® 
Program.  Responsible Care® is an EHS and security performance initiative that includes a management 
system framework that drives improvement in key EHS and security operational areas.  The program 
elements include monitoring and reporting our measures for environmental, energy, safety, and 
accountability performance.  As part of the Responsible Care® program, we undergo third-party audits of 
our headquarters and each of the participating facilities once every three years to certify our performance.
In recognition of our team’s response during COVID-19, the ACC awarded 11 of our terminals the 
“Outstanding COVID-19 Response Efforts Award” for 2020.
3.0 Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
3.1 Gross Global Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, Percentage Methane, Percentage Covered under Emissions-
Limiting Regulations 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.1, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.1, GRI 305-1, CDP 
C6.1, CDP C6.3, CDP C7.3, CDP C7.6, CDP C7.9, CDP C8.1-8.2f)
Our GHG emissions, including methane, are calculated using the methodologies outlined in the World 
Resources Institute Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.8  
12
8 World Resources Institute and World Business Council for Sustainable Development. “The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.” World Resources Institute and World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development, Mar. 2004. 2021. <https://ghgprotocol.org/sites/default/files/standards/ghg-protocol-revised.pdf>.

The Scope 1 GHG emissions reported below include:
• GHG emission sources applicable to the EPA’s GHGRP; 
• facilities that are exempt from the EPA’s GHGRP because they emit less than 25,000 metric tons 
CO2e per year; and 
• sources that are exempt from the EPA’s GHGRP, such as mobile equipment and refrigerants. 
Examples of our Scope 1 GHG emission sources by emission type include:
• flared hydrocarbons - flares; 
• other combustion - engines and turbines that drive compressors, boilers and heaters, vapor 
combustion devices, and stationary and fleet vehicle engines;
• process emissions - dehydration and gas sweetening processes;
• other vented emissions - blowdowns and compressor starts; and
• fugitive emissions - equipment component leaks, refrigerants, and vapor handling systems.
Our gross global operational control Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions and GHG emission intensity 
from our continuing operations are provided below and include 100% of the emissions from assets we 
operate, even for those assets we do not own 100%.  Our gross global equity share Scope 1 and Scope 2 
GHG emissions, which include our share of emissions from assets in which we own an interest, from our 
continuing operations were 17.1 million metric tons CO2e in 2020 and are included in Appendix A.2 – 
GHG Accounting Metrics.
Scope 1 GHG emissions
Gross global Scope 1 emissions(a)(b)(c) 14.1 16.3 15.6
Percentage of gross global Scope 1 emissions from 
continuing operations by emission type(a)(b)
Flared hydrocarbons  4 %  2 %  2 %
Other combustion  72 %  69 %  66 %
Process emissions  6 %  6 %  5 %
Other vented emissions  12 %  15 %  18 %
Fugitive emissions from operations  6 %  8 %  9 %
Percentage covered under emissions-limiting regulations  0 %  0 %  0 %
Percentage methane  18 %  23 %  27 %
Scope 2 GHG emissions
Gross global market-based Scope 2 emissions(a)(c)(d) 3.4 3.4 3.1
Total Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions
Total gross global Scope 1 and 2 emissions 17.5 19.7 18.7
GHG emission intensity
Company-wide BOE throughput (BBbl/yr)(e) 5.0 5.6 5.1
Scope 1 and 2 emission intensity (metric tons CO2e per 
BOE throughput)(e) 0.004 0.004 0.004
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In million metric tons of CO2e, except percentages 
and emission intensity)
(a) GHG emissions were quantified per the SASB Midstream Standard and the ISO 14064-1:2006, Greenhouse gases - Part 1: 
Specification with guidance at the organization level for the quantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and 
removals. Emissions are reported for CO2, CH4, N2O, and HFCs from direct and indirect sources.  The IPCC AR5 GWPs 
were used to convert CH4 (28) and N2O (265) emissions to CO2e.  The following GWPs were used for HFCs:  R-410A: 
1725, HFC-134a: 1200, HCFC-22: 1760, R-404A: 3260, R-407C: 1526, R1234yf: 4, R-600A: 5, R-407C: 1526, HFC-32: 
677, HFC-23: 12,400, CFC-12: 10,200, R-422d: 2,625, R-600: 5.  Gross emissions are GHGs emitted to the atmosphere 
before accounting for offsets, credits, or other similar mechanisms that have reduced or compensated for emissions.  Scope 
13

1 and 2 GHG emissions for our continuing operations in Canada and Mexico are less than 500 thousand metric tons. 
(b) Excludes emissions from construction activities, wastewater treatment, fire suppression activities, enclosed circuit breakers 
operated by the Natural Gas Pipelines business segment, refrigerants from mobile equipment not tracked in our fleet 
database, fugitive emissions from natural gas supply lines for the Terminals and Products Pipelines business segments, and 
insignificant emissions from small combustion activities.
(c) Discontinued operations include emissions from divestitures that are greater than 5% of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 total 
emissions for the applicable business segments.  If emissions from divestitures are less than or equal to 5%, the emissions 
are included in continuing operations.  In 2018 and 2019, discontinued operations include emissions from TMPL, Puget 
Sound pipeline system, and Kinder Morgan Canada Inc. up to the sale date of August 31, 2018 and KML and the U.S. 
portion of the Cochin Pipeline up to the sale date of December 16, 2019.  There were no discontinued operations that met 
the greater than 5% threshold in 2020.  In 2018 and 2019, Scope 1 emissions from discontinued operations were less than 
50,000 metric tons CO2e and Scope 2 emissions from discontinued operations were 0.2 and 0.1 million metric tons CO2e, 
respectively.
(d) Scope 2 GHG emissions include indirect emissions from purchased electricity that were calculated using the market-based 
method.  Location-based emissions are included in Appendix A.2 – GHG Accounting Metrics.
(e) Annual throughput information was obtained using published definitions from ONE Future and, where no definitions were 
available, throughput is generally defined as “product receipt.”  Throughput was converted to MMBtu using product-
specific heat content, obtained from the EIA, EPA, or business segment data.  This is then converted to BOE by dividing 
by 5.8 MMBtu per barrel of crude oil.
“Other combustion” is our largest emission type and includes fuel combustion emissions from engines and 
turbines that drive our compressors, boilers and steam generators, and other stationary combustion 
equipment.  The largest source of emissions within this type are our natural gas fired compressor drivers 
comprising approximately 50% of our total Scope 1 emissions.  “Other vented emissions” is our second 
largest emission type and includes emissions from blowdowns for maintenance, integrity testing, and 
emergency activities at our pipelines, compressors, and compressor stations.
The increase in our Scope 1 GHG emissions from 2018 to 2019 was primarily driven by our Natural Gas 
Pipelines business segment’s expansion projects being placed into service.  Other increases from 2018 to 
2019 include increased utilization of existing assets and additional pipeline blowdowns.  The decrease in 
our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from 2019 to 2020 was primarily due to lower activity on our assets 
driven by economy-wide effects from the COVID-19 pandemic.  Our strategies to manage our methane 
and GHG emissions are described in Section 3.2 Strategy to Manage Gross Global Scope 1 and 2 
Emissions of the Sustainability Report.
PwC, a third party, provided limited assurance of our 2020 emissions inventory.  The assurance statement 
for 2020 is included in Appendix D – Third-Party Assurance Statement.  Scope 1 GHG emissions 
submitted to EPA’s GHGRP undergo additional electronic validation and verification checks.  If potential 
errors are identified, the EPA notifies the reporter, who can resolve the issue either by providing an 
acceptable response describing why the flagged issue is not an error or by correcting the flagged issue and 
resubmitting the annual GHG report.
3.2 Strategy to Manage Gross Global Scope 1 and 2 Emissions 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.2, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.3, GRI 102-26, GRI 
305-2, GRI 305-5, CDP C1.1b, CDP C3.1)
We operate or own an interest in approximately 70,000 miles of natural gas pipelines that transport 
approximately 40% of the natural gas consumed domestically or exported as LNG.  Accordingly, we have 
been an important part of the transition from coal-fired to natural gas-fired electricity generation; a 
transition that has benefited the global environment.  Compared to coal, burning natural gas emits: 
• virtually no SO x, particulate matter, or mercury; 
• approximately half as much CO 2; and 
14

• one-fifth as much carbon monoxide and NO x.9,10  
These lowered emissions from natural gas-fired plants have contributed to the recent significant drop in 
U.S. CO2 emissions.  Lower SOx emissions also significantly reduce acid rain formation.
Natural gas-fired power plants are also an important component of the continued expansion of renewable 
energy.  They provide a reliable source of electricity to back up intermittent renewable sources such as 
solar and wind.  This interconnected electricity generation network helps to further reduce CO2 emissions.
A 2018 Environmental Defense Fund report recognized both the long-term climate advantages of using 
natural gas in electricity generation and the feasibility of achieving significant emission reductions by 
addressing fugitive emissions.11  The report further recognized that significant fugitive emission 
reductions are possible through broader adoption of emission measurement and reduction best practices 
and technologies.  We have been focused on and committed to methane emission reductions in our 
operations for several decades.  Our commitment and the actions we have taken are described in Section 
3.2.1 GHG Emission Reduction Efforts of the Sustainability Report.
3.2.1 GHG Emission Reduction Efforts
(GRI 102-12)
We support domestic and international efforts to mitigate climate change.  Some of our efforts to reduce 
methane and other GHG emissions are described in the sections below.
3.2.1.1 Methane Emission Reduction Commitment 
(GRI 102-13)
We recognize that methane emissions associated with the production, transportation, storage, and 
distribution of natural gas should be minimized so that those emissions do not diminish the climate 
advantage of natural gas over other fuels.  We have an economic incentive to minimize methane emissions 
because pipeline quality natural gas has a methane content of approximately 95%.  Minimizing our 
methane emissions maximizes the amount of natural gas kept in our pipelines and delivered to our 
customers.  We support performance-based federal regulations and have minimized methane emissions in 
our operations for more than 25 years.  
We continue to apply methane emission reduction strategies and report voluntary methane emission 
reductions, which include emissions mitigated or avoided that would otherwise have been emitted, as part 
of EPA’s Natural Gas STAR and Methane Challenge programs and through the ONE Future Coalition.  
Through these programs, we have implemented initiatives that have resulted in over 126 Bcf of methane 
reductions since 1993.  Our reductions have contributed to the overall U.S. methane emission reductions 
from natural gas systems of approximately 16% from 1990 to 2019, while natural gas production has 
increased 91% over the same period.12,13  These results reflect both the environmental benefit of 
15
9 EIA. “How much carbon dioxide is produced when different fuels are burned?” EIA, 17 June 2020. 2021. <https://
www.eia.gov/tools/faqs/faq.php?id=73&t=11>.
10 EIA. “Natural Gas Issues and Trends: Table 2.” EIA. 1998: 58.
11 R. A. Alvarez et al. “Assessment of methane emissions from the U.S. oil and gas supply chain.” Science. 361 (2018): 
186-188.
12 EPA. “Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks, 1990-2019.” EPA, 14 Apr. 2021: ES-16, 3-89. 2021. 
<https://www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2021-04/documents/us-ghg-inventory-2021-main-text.pdf>.
13 EIA. “U.S. Dry Natural Gas Production.” EIA, 26 Feb. 2021. 2021. <https://www.eia.gov/dnav/ng/hist/n9070us2A.htm>.

minimizing and preventing methane emissions, and the economic incentive to keep natural gas in our 
pipelines and storage facilities. 
EPA’s Natural Gas STAR and Methane Challenge Programs
For over a quarter of a century, we have voluntarily participated in the EPA’s Natural Gas STAR 
Program, implementing initiatives to reduce our methane emissions.  In 2016, we became a partner in the 
EPA Natural Gas STAR Methane Challenge Program that provides us a flexible way to make specific and 
transparent commitments to implement methane emission reductions from our operations.  We are 
participating in the Methane Challenge Program under the ONE Future Emission Intensity Commitment 
Option for our natural gas transmission and storage assets. 
ONE Future - Founding Member
ONE Future is a coalition of members across the natural gas value chain focused on identifying policy and 
technical solutions for reducing methane emissions associated with the delivery of natural gas.  ONE 
Future’s members include some of the largest natural gas production, gathering and boosting, processing, 
transmission and storage, and distribution companies in the U.S.  In 2019, these ONE Future companies 
accounted for approximately 16% of total natural gas production, 57% of natural gas transmission pipeline 
miles, and 18% of the total U.S. natural gas delivered by local distribution companies.14
ONE Future members aspire to enhance the energy delivery efficiency of natural gas by:
• limiting energy waste, and 
• achieving a cumulative methane emission intensity target, the “leakage” rate, for member 
companies of 1% or less of total natural gas production across the natural gas value chain by 2025.  
To put the current ONE Future target of 1% methane emission intensity into context, the natural gas 
supply chain’s methane emission intensity, based on the EPA’s 2012 National Greenhouse Gas Inventory, 
was 1.44% of total natural gas production.  In order to meet the ONE Future 1% target, the natural gas 
industry required an additional 30% improvement in methane intensity across the natural gas supply chain.  
The ONE Future 2019 Methane Emission Intensities Report shows a methane intensity rate of 0.334% for 
member companies, outperforming the 2025 target by 67%.
The ONE Future Emission Intensity Commitment is intended to drive actions to achieve segment-specific 
methane emission reduction targets established by the ONE Future Coalition.  To meet these targets, we 
have committed to reducing methane emissions, while maintaining pipeline integrity and safety and 
minimizing customer impacts.  Our targets and performance are described in greater detail in Section 3.4.3 
GHG Targets of the Sustainability Report.
INGAA Climate Change Statement
We support INGAA’s 2021 Climate Change Statement regarding climate change and building a cleaner 
energy future for natural gas transmission and storage operations.15  For INGAA members, these 
commitments include:
• reducing GHG emissions throughout member operations; 
• continuing to implement long-term strategies to lower emissions while working as an industry to 
reach net zero GHG emissions by 2050, supported by necessary technology advancements and 
16
14 ONE Future Coalition. “ONE Future 2020 Methane Emission Intensities Report.” ONE Future Coalition, 19 Nov. 2020. 
2021. <https://onefuture.us/2020-methane-emissions-intensity-report/>.
15 INGAA. “2021 Vision Forward: Addressing Climate Change Together.” INGAA, Jan. 2021. 2021. <https://https://
www.ingaa.org/File.aspx?id=38523&v=6553c6c8>.

sound public policy initiatives;
• reducing both carbon intensity and net global GHG emissions throughout member operations by 
adopting and investing in innovative technologies; and
• working with customers, government agencies, NGOs, and other stakeholders to adopt innovative 
solutions.
Our own Statement on Climate Change can be found at https://www.kindermorgan.com/WWWKM/
media/Documents/Climate_Change_KM_Statement.pdf.
Methane Reduction Strategies
We have implemented the following methane reduction strategies at one or more of our facilities:
• performing maintenance and repairs on component leaks including those identified through annual 
methane leak surveys; 
• providing training to our operations personnel; 
• communicating policies and procedures detailing program requirements to improve methane 
management; 
• minimizing methane emissions from transmission pipeline blowdowns by:
◦ pumping down pipelines when gas evacuation is needed for repair or testing; 
◦ repairing pipelines using sleeves and composite wraps; and
◦ performing hot taps to make new connections, eliminating the need for pipeline 
blowdowns.
• conducting performance-based monitoring and replacement for reciprocating compressor rod 
packing;
• using dry seals for new centrifugal compressor installations;
• converting our reciprocating engine and turbine gas starters to electric or air operated starters;
• cathodically protecting our pipelines which helps prevent pipeline degradation and leaks;
• installing electrically operated glycol pumps to replace natural gas-operated pumps;
• testing advanced methane emission reduction technologies and work practices such as satellite and 
aerial methane detection as well as laser absorption monitoring; 
• installing low- or zero-bleed natural gas pneumatic devices on new facilities;
• collaborating with customers, peers, and regulators on best practices and new technologies; and
• looking for new ways to reduce emissions.
For more examples of how we implement our methane reduction strategies, see Our Commitment to 
Reducing Methane Emissions case study video and fact sheet at https://www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-
Environment/ESG#tabs-case_studies.
Methane Detection Technologies
We engage with peer companies and customers to share experiences and strategies concerning methane 
detection technologies and best practices, both of which are evolving rapidly.  We are using innovative 
technologies and are evaluating emerging technologies or approaches in many ways, including: 
• testing different configurations of infrared and laser absorption sensors; 
• contracting multiple service providers who use sensors mounted on helicopters and fixed-wing 
aircraft to conduct aerial methane detection surveys.  Since 2016, we have conducted such surveys 
on over 2,000 miles of our natural gas pipelines;  
• evaluating satellite-based and continuous methane detection;
• using OGI cameras or other EPA-approved technologies to verify suspected leaks.
17

In addition, since the inception of the EPA’s GHGRP, our annual methane leak surveys have included 
natural gas processing plants and transmission and storage compressor stations subject to the EPA’s 
GHGRP.  At these facilities, we conduct methane leak surveys using OGI cameras or other EPA-approved 
technologies.  We use EPA-approved methods, such as direct flow measurement, to estimate methane leak 
rates from compressors and other components.  For compressor leaks, we use direct flow measurements to 
develop entity-specific emission factors.  For these facilities we conduct direct measurements at least 
annually for the following sources, when applicable:
• compressor unit rod packing vents, 
• compressor unit blowdown and isolation valve vents,
• compressor wet seal oil degassing vents,
• atmospheric storage tanks, and 
• equipment/pipeline components.
Our operations personnel are informed when a leak is detected and are provided with quarterly reminders 
to review the identified leaks and perform repairs.  Repairs are made either upon discovery, during the 
next scheduled maintenance at the facility, or when feasible.
We anticipate evaluating and potentially implementing other methane emission reduction technologies or 
methane reduction work practices at our natural gas operations on a case-by-case basis.  We report our use 
of specific technologies and work practices annually to the EPA.
3.2.1.2 Other GHG Emissions Reduction Efforts 
In addition to methane emission reductions, we have implemented one or more of the following Scope 1 
emission reduction strategies:
• developed procedures to shut down our equipment to reduce idle time;
• optimized temperature controls and preventative maintenance to reduce fuel consumption;
• shut in oil production wells during routine maintenance;
• reduced flaring by: 
◦ improving compressor reliability,
◦ re-injecting unprocessed gas when processing equipment is down for maintenance 
activities, 
◦ automating gas control, 
◦ improving flaring metering, and 
◦ optimizing downtime.
Efficient equipment uses less energy to maintain equivalent output.  We continue to evaluate new ways to 
reduce our emissions by increasing the efficiency of our equipment.  For example, we have projects in 
place to evaluate the operational possibilities of: 
• dispatching the most efficient compressors first, 
• replacing lower efficiency valves, and 
• performing life-cycle cost analysis on equipment. 
To reduce the GHG emissions related to individual personal vehicles, we offer employees in our corporate 
Houston office a 100% transportation subsidy to encourage the use of local public transportation.  Our 
current flexible work schedules and the hybrid work schedule we are evaluating are also expected to 
reduce GHG emissions from employees’ commutes.
18

3.2.2 Research and Development 
Emission Reduction Industry Initiatives and Studies
We participate in several industry initiatives to implement methane emission reduction strategies.  Below 
are a few examples of how we actively engage with various trade associations and regulatory entities to 
share data, our experience with methane monitoring and management, and best practices for achieving 
methane emission reductions.
• IAB for DOE’s ARPA-E Project
As a participant in the IAB for DOE’s ARPA-E Project, we advised ARPA-E and Colorado State 
University on the development of a methane emission test site.  This test site simulated actual 
natural gas leaks that might occur at production and gathering facilities and underground pipelines.  
This test site project is part of the ARPA-E Methane Observation Networks with Innovative 
Technology to Obtain Reduction program.  The goal of the program is to develop innovative and 
cost-effective methane leak detection technologies to more precisely and efficiently locate and 
measure methane emissions associated with natural gas operations and oil production wells with 
associated gas production.  The next generation leak detection technologies are expected to drive 
enhanced leak detection and repairs to further reduce methane emissions.  We were actively 
engaged in multiple aspects of the project including:
• development of the test site,
• evaluation of the various leak detection technologies being developed, and 
• providing guidance to the test site developers on industry expectations and steps for 
regulatory approval of these technologies. 
 
The results of the ARPA-E Project show that several leak detection technologies can detect leaks 
and locate the leak to within two meters of its location.  Some technologies are able to differentiate 
between large and small leaks and minimize false positive detections.  Further development and 
testing of the technologies in the field are needed to enhance their successful deployment.  The 
testing site is still used for research involving methane emission detection, safety, and other field 
measurement projects.  It is also used as the location for OGI training courses where operators 
receive hands-on experience to improve their ability to detect methane leaks. 
• New York State’s Emission Measurement Project
We are participating in a research study, conducted by Harrisburg University and funded by the 
New York State Energy Research and Development Authority, to characterize methane emissions 
from midstream oil and gas facilities in New York State.  The aim of the study is to improve the 
State’s understanding of spatial and temporal variations of methane emissions from midstream 
assets and refine available methane emission factors. 
 
• DOE National Methane Emission Estimates and Methane Emission Factors Studies
We collaborated with the DOE on three additional DOE-funded studies to develop improved 
national methane emission estimates and methane emission factors; two studies for natural gas 
gathering compressor stations and one study for underground natural gas storage wells and 
19

fields.16,17  The current methane emission factors used for gathering compressor stations are more 
than 20 years old and are based on a limited dataset.  In October 2018 and April 2019, the DOE 
issued the final reports for the natural gas gathering compressor station studies, and in May 2019, 
the DOE completed the study for underground natural gas storage wells and fields.18  These studies 
establish recommendations for improved and more representative methane emission factors.  Our 
employees participated on the Steering Committee and Technical Review Committee for each 
study.  We also permitted academic institutions and consultants to perform testing at more than 30 
of our natural gas gathering compressor stations.  
• DOE NETL Methane Emission Life Cycle Analysis
We collaborated with DOE’s NETL on a methane emission life cycle analysis.  This analysis, 
performed by NETL, included input from ONE Future members representing each sector of the 
natural gas industry value chain.  The study evaluated specific emission reduction opportunities in 
each part of the value chain.  The study, which was updated in 2020, indicated that the average life 
cycle methane emission rate for ONE Future members was below the methane emission rate for 
the U.S., at 0.76% and 1.06% respectively.19  Results from the study have helped inform ONE 
Future members and others interested in the impact of ONE Future members’ emission reduction 
activities on overall methane life cycle emissions.
• PRCI GHGRP Methane Emission Factors Study
We worked with PRCI on a study of the EPA’s GHGRP methane emission data, resulting in two 
reports with recommendations for more up-to-date and accurate emission factors.  The first report 
evaluated emissions from compressor seals, isolation valves, and blowdown valves based on direct 
measurements as required by GHGRP.  The second report evaluated other facility leaks, pneumatic 
controller venting, condensate tank dump valve leakage, and station blowdown emissions.  The 
project evaluated and analyzed the dataset and compared methane emission estimates from these 
sources to historical data used by the EPA in its annual GHG inventory report.  The annual GHG 
inventory report uses historical emission factors from the June 1996 EPA and Gas Research 
Institute Report, Methane Emissions from the Natural Gas Industry.20  
The results of both these studies can be used to provide more current emission factors, estimate the 
relative contribution of different methane emission sources, and support more efficient methane 
emission reduction activities for natural gas transmission and storage operations.
• NREL Electric Power Grid and Natural Gas Network Operations and Coordination
As part of a consortium of industry partners, we worked with NREL on a study to explore the 
20
16 Zimmerle, Daniel, et al. “Characterization of Methane Emissions from Gathering Compressor Stations: Final Report October 
2019 Revision.” Energy Institute Colorado State University, Oct. 2019. 2021. <https://mountainscholar.org/bitstream/
handle/10217/194544/Final%20Report.pdf?sequence=5&isAllowed=y>.
17 GSI Environmental Inc. “Integrated Component-Specific Measurements to Develop Emission Factors for Compressors and 
Gas Gathering Lines.” GSI Environmental Inc, 1 Oct. 2018. 2021. <https://www.netl.doe.gov/sites/default/files/2019-01/
FE0029084_Final.pdf>.
18 GSI Environmental Inc. “Long-Term Methane Emissions Rate Quantification and Alert System for Natural Gas Storage 
Wells and Fields.” GSI Environmental Inc, 29 Jan. 2020. 2021. <https://netl.doe.gov/sites/default/files/2020-01/FE0029085-
Final-Report.pdf>.
19 NETL. “Industry Partnerships and Their Role in Reducing Natural Gas Supply Chain Greenhouse Gas Emissions- Phase 2.” 
DOE NETL, 12 Feb. 2021: 1-2. 2021. <https://netl.doe.gov/projects/files/NETL-Industry-Partnerships-and-their-Role-in-
Reducing-Natural-Gas-Supply-Chain-Greenhouse-Gas-Emissions-Phase-2-12FEB2021.pdf>.
20 EPA. “Inventory of U.S. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks, 1990-2019.” EPA, 11 Apr. 2021: 3-74. 2021. <https://
www.epa.gov/sites/production/files/2021-04/documents/us-ghg-inventory-2021-main-text.pdf>.

benefits of coordinating power systems and natural gas networks.21  The study used actual power- 
and gas-system data from the participants, including our Colorado Interstate Gas system.  Study 
results show that coordination reduced costs and emissions and alleviated fragmented, inefficient, 
and potentially costly, market operator interventions.  The results also show that greater flexibility 
in the gas nominations process could cut down on gas curtailments.  This could be particularly 
important in the future as increased use of renewables is expected to require greater flexibility 
from gas fired generators. 
• NREL Renewable Energy Opportunities at Oil and Gas Operations
We also partnered with NREL to use an analytical software platform, called REopt, to evaluate the 
technological and economic potential of various clean energy technologies to support our oil and 
gas operations.  The platform allows us to run and compare multiple scenarios to determine the 
most economic use of grid electricity and renewable energy technologies at one of our gas plants 
and some of our electric compressor stations.
• Stanford Natural Gas Initiative
We are an affiliate member of the Stanford Natural Gas Initiative which is a collaboration of more  
than 40 research groups at Stanford University drawn from engineering, science, policy, 
geopolitical, and business disciplines.  This initiative works with a consortium of industry partners 
and other external stakeholders to generate the knowledge needed to use natural gas to its greatest 
social, economic, and environmental benefit.  As an affiliate member, we have access to informed 
research and the ability to interact with Stanford faculty and industrial colleagues for issues related 
to natural gas.
The dollar amount we have invested in research and development projects related to GHG emissions and 
climate change are provided below.  For 2020, these amounts include contributions for GHG-related 
projects through PRCI, ONE Future, the INGAA Foundation, and the Stanford Natural Gas Initiative. 
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In thousands)
Research and development investments in GHG emissions and 
other climate change-related projects(a) $ 257 $ 226 $ 251 
(a) The amount invested includes the work hours our employees spent on DOE GHG-related projects. 
CCUS
We participate with other organizations to advance CCUS policy and technology.  In 2019, we 
participated in the National Petroleum Council study to define potential pathways for integrating CCUS 
into the energy and industrial marketplace.  We participated on the CCUS Technology Task Group and 
one of our employees co-authored the CO2 transportation chapter.
21
21 NREL. “Electric Power Grid and Natural Gas Network Operations and Coordination.” NREL, Sept. 2020: 1-63. 2021. 
<https://www.nrel.gov/docs/fy20osti/77096.pdf>.

The draft National Petroleum Council report, Meeting the Dual Challenge: A Roadmap to At-Scale 
Deployment of Carbon Capture, Use, and Storage, was published in December 2019.22  The report 
concludes that at-scale deployment requires:
• strong collaboration between industry and government; 
• improved policies, financial incentives, and regulations; 
• broad-based innovation and technology development; and 
• increased understanding and confidence in CCUS.  
In 2020, we participated in the Baker Institute for Public Policy’s working group to explore the 
deployment of CCUS technologies in the state of Texas.  The working group consisted of corporations, 
industry associations, special interest groups, academic institutions, and NGOs.  The paper, Expanding 
Carbon Capture in Texas, was developed from working group discussions, and summarizes that Texas has 
a comparative advantage when it comes to implementing CCUS technologies, and that lawmakers and 
regulators can help assist the development of a CCUS industry in Texas by addressing existing legal and 
regulatory uncertainties and by carefully considering pathways that can establish Texas as a leader in a 
low carbon energy future.23
In 2021, we joined the Colorado Energy Office CCUS Task Force along with representatives from 
industry, government, academia, and nonprofits.  The task force is evaluating Colorado’s opportunities for 
carbon capture, transport, utilization, and storage resources to:
• reduce Colorado’s GHG emissions to help achieve emission reduction targets;
• complement other emission reduction technologies like zero-carbon electricity production;
• improve environmental and air quality in disproportionately impacted communities; and
• create economic opportunities, such as retrofit job creation, and other regional economic impacts.
3.2.3 Industry and Agency Participation 
Our employees have undertaken leadership roles in the INGAA GHG Task Force, serving as co-chairs 
from late 2008 to 2011, and from 2013 through 2020.  Our employees have also served as co-chairs for the 
INGAA EHS Air Strategies Task Force.
We collaborate with the EPA and DOE on methane emission reductions.  We exchange data with the EPA 
and engage in discussions about potential emissions management strategies.  This joint effort aims to 
identify the most effective means of implementing methane emission reductions at natural gas 
transmission and storage operations.
We participate in collaborative meetings with various NGOs to improve their understanding of natural gas 
storage facilities, operations, emissions, and safety technologies.  Our work is ongoing in numerous 
federal, state, and industry venues. 
We participate in the New York City Mayor’s Office of Resiliency CCATF.  The CCATF was established 
in January 2008 and helped with New York City’s Hurricane Sandy recovery efforts.  The CCATF’s 
objectives are to:
• identify critical infrastructure in New York City that could be at risk from the effects of climate 
22
22 National Petroleum Council. “Meeting the Dual Challenge A Roadmap to At-Scale Deployment of
Carbon Capture, Use, and Storage.” National Petroleum Council, Dec. 2019. 2021. <https://dualchallenge.npc.org/
downloads.php>.
23 Baker Institute for Public Policy.  “Expanding Carbon Capture in Texas.” Baker Institute for Public Policy,
Rice University, Jan. 2021. 2021. <https://www.bakerinstitute.org/media/files/files/8e661418/expanding-ccus-in-texas.pdf>.

change, 
• facilitate knowledge sharing and develop coordinated adaption strategies to secure these assets, 
and
• develop findings and recommendations. 
We also support Arizona’s Climate Change Action Plan through our participation in an afforestation 
program called Trees for Tucson in Tucson, Arizona.  The Trees for Tucson program was temporarily 
suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020; however, since 2017, we have contributed to planting 
approximately 950 trees in the Tucson metropolitan area.  These trees sequester CO2, helping to offset 
CO2 in the atmosphere.  
3.2.4 Compliance Reporting and Regulation 
Facilities in each of our business segments are subject to greenhouse gas reporting programs with the EPA 
or ASEA, as applicable, and to federal and state leak detection and repair regulations.  We measure, 
monitor, and quantify GHG emissions to satisfy the requirements of these rules using our extensive 
emissions monitoring equipment and measurement programs.  We use these tools to conduct leak surveys 
for both regulatory and voluntary programs.  In 2020, we reported emissions to the EPA, ASEA, and 14 
state or local agencies.  
The EPA’s GHGRP requires annual leak detection surveys at subject facilities.  LDAR inspections to 
identity and fix equipment leaks are required by the EPA’s New Source Performance Standards for natural 
gas processing plants and oil and gas production, transmission, and distribution facilities and several state-
specific regulations.  Monitoring frequency and methods vary depending on facility type, and surveys may 
be conducted monthly, quarterly, or annually.  We conduct LDAR inspections and identify leaks using 
OGI, flame ionization detectors, and other technologies.  If we identify a leak during our LDAR surveys, 
we repair it and then resurvey to confirm that the repair addressed the leak.  As described in Section 3.4.3 
GHG Targets of the Sustainability Report, we committed to conduct leak surveys at each of our natural 
gas transmission and storage compressor stations by the end 2021. 
3.2.5 Energy Management 
(GRI 102-5, GRI 302-1, GRI 302-4, CDP C8.2, CDP C8.2a)
One of the most impactful ways we reduce our overall emissions is by managing our energy consumption.  
Per our OMS, which is described in greater detail in Section 2.2 Management System of the Sustainability 
Report, we strive for continuous improvement in our energy efficiency and have implemented several 
energy management initiatives.  
We employ energy management personnel who oversee multiple programs and strategies to both 
minimize energy costs and monetize our reductions in energy usage. 
Demand Response
We participate in curtailment and demand response programs.  By analyzing our operations and energy 
consumption at a detailed level, we are able to reduce the amount of energy we pull from local electric 
grids when requested by local electric grid operators.  Some of the largest demand response, load 
management, and utility reliability programs we participate in include the Base Interruptible Program in 
California and the Electric Reliability Council of Texas Emergency Response Service program.  We also 
participate in the 4 Coincident Peak program in Texas, which relies on incentives to reduce load when 
available capacity is low.  
23

Engineering Design
We also have reduced energy consumption by optimizing our pipeline and facility design to utilize devices 
that use less energy while maximizing output.  For example, we use variable frequency drives on many of 
our pumps to improve pipeline flow control and increase energy efficiency.  Variable frequency drives 
also allow us to monitor the efficiency of our pumps, control pump speed, and reduce surges to nearby 
power suppliers. 
DRA
One of the methods we use to reduce energy consumption in our Products Pipelines and CO2 business 
segments is the use of DRA.  DRA is a long-chain polymer chemical that disrupts the molecular activity at 
the fluid boundary layer near the inside pipe wall, thereby reducing friction.  DRA decreases the amount 
of energy lost due to turbulence formation and allows us to move more product through our pipelines 
using less energy. 
Our deployment of DRA in key locations has reduced the electricity needed to move products within our 
Products Pipelines and CO2 business segments.  The use of DRA has also allowed us to reduce the use of, 
or completely shut down unneeded pump stations, and avoid construction of new pump station 
infrastructure.
In 2020, the deployment of DRA, in our Products Pipelines business segment, helped reduce the energy 
needed to operate and avoided approximately 364 GWh of electricity consumption.24  This energy savings 
is roughly equivalent to 257,000 metric tons of CO2e emissions avoided, which is comparable to the 
energy used by approximately 31,000 homes for one year or the carbon sequestered by 316,000 acres of 
U.S. forests in one year.25
Offices and Buildings 
We continue to seek ways to improve our energy efficiency in the office buildings we own.  Our Houston 
headquarters building is LEED Gold certified.  To reduce electricity usage, the lights in our Houston 
headquarters building are on automated timers that turn off lights when not in use.  At many of our other 
facilities, we have ongoing initiatives to replace compact florescent light bulbs with LED lighting to 
reduce energy consumption.
Electricity Consumption
We continue to evaluate opportunities to purchase green power.  In 2021, we entered into a two-year retail 
power agreement in Texas to purchase 4.3 GWh/yr of wind power beginning in 2022. 
24
24 To calculate the avoided energy consumption in each pipeline, actual hourly operational performance data is compared to 
estimated energy usage with untreated friction loss.
25 The equivalent number of homes and tree acreage is calculated using EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator. 
EPA. “Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator.” EPA, 15 Oct. 2018. 2021. <https://www.epa.gov/energy/greenhouse-gas-
equivalencies-calculator>.

Our  electricity consumption for our continuing operations is provided below.
Year End December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In GWh)
Total electricity consumption from continuing operations(a)(b)
Natural Gas Pipelines  2,570  2,684  3,072 
Products Pipelines  1,149  1,153  945 
Terminals  190  187  172 
CO2  3,330  3,421  2,770 
Corporate  24  25  25 
Total  7,263  7,470  6,984 
(a) Total electricity consumption is from purchased power for the assets we operate.
(b) Discontinued operations include emissions from TMPL, Puget Sound pipeline system, and Kinder Morgan Canada Inc. up 
to the sale date of August 31, 2018, and KML and the U.S. portion of the Cochin Pipeline up to the sale date of December  
16, 2019.  In 2018 and 2019, total electricity consumed from discontinued operations were 492 and 222 GWh, respectively.  
There were no significant discontinued operations in 2020.
Renewable Energy
We have programs to make energy efficiency improvements in our operations and explore new low 
carbon technologies where and when it is economically feasible.  In some cases, we have found renewable 
energy optimal for powering our operations.  For example, some of the equipment at our facilities is 
powered through solar panels installed on-site.  As these locations are often very remote and far from an 
existing electric grid, these installations have been successful from both an energy-efficiency perspective 
and cost-saving perspective.  In 2020, we consumed approximately 1,053 MWh of renewable energy from 
the solar panels we operate, equivalent to approximately 748 metric tons of CO2 avoided.26
The amount of renewable energy consumed from the solar panels we operate are provided below.
2019 2020
(In MWh)
Renewable energy consumed from the solar panels we operate(a)
Natural Gas Pipelines 742 742
Products Pipelines 80 87
Terminals 7 10
CO2 189 214
Total 1,018 1,053
(a) The renewable energy we consumed from the solar panels we operate is estimated using the National Renewable Energy 
Laboratory’s PVWatts® Calculator.  The renewable energy we consumed from solar panels prior to January 1, 2019 is not 
included in this table.
The increase in renewable energy consumed by the CO2 business segment was due to the installation of 
additional solar panels.
25
26 Estimated renewable energy consumed is equal to the amount generated. Solar panel energy generation is calculated using 
the National Renewable Energy Laboratory’s PVWatts® Calculator. Dobos, Aron P. “PVWatts® Calculator.” PVWatts® 
Calculator. National Renewable Energy Laboratory, 2020. 2021. <https://pvwatts.nrel.gov/index.php>.

Vehicle Fleet
We aim to operate our company vehicles in an environmentally sound manner and have policies in place 
that establish guidelines for safely and efficiently operating our vehicles.  When practical, we replace the 
vehicles in our fleet with those that are more fuel efficient.  In 2020, we began purchasing hybrid vehicles 
for our fleet. 
3.3 Scope 3 Emissions
(GRI 305-3, CDP C6.5)
Scope 3 emissions are other indirect GHG emissions from sources upstream and downstream of our value 
chain that are not owned or controlled by us and are not included in our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.  
Calculating and reporting Scope 3 emissions is complex as these emissions come from a wide range of 
sources, some of which are difficult to measure or estimate.  Emissions reported as our Scope 3 emissions 
may be reported by other companies as Scope 1 or 2 emissions.  For example, our Scope 3 emissions from 
employee business air travel may be reported by an airline as their Scope 1 emissions.  We are reporting 
our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for the first time in this report and are currently evaluating the 
feasibility of reporting our Scope 3 emissions in the future.
3.4 GHG Offsetting, Reductions, and Targets 
3.4.1 GHG Offsetting 
(CDP C4.3, CDP C11.2, CDP C11.3)
Our Natural Gas Pipelines business segment owns a 50% interest in and operates Ruby Pipeline, L.L.C. 
(Ruby).  Ruby owns a 685-mile 42-inch natural gas transmission pipeline that crosses four states: 
Wyoming, Utah, Nevada, and Oregon.  Prior to the construction of the pipeline, Ruby committed to make 
the pipeline carbon-neutral.  Since 2011, we have accomplished this by using emission reduction credits or 
renewable energy credits to offset Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from construction and ongoing 
operations. 
The credits we purchase are verified through a third-party, and in most cases, the purchase takes place 
within one year from the date emissions have been reviewed and are considered final.  Credit purchases 
can span multiple years and are not necessarily created during the same year the emission offset is 
applied.  Emissions are typically offset using credits that were purchased during a different calendar year.  
Over-purchases of credits, if any, are held and applied to offset future emissions. 
The GHG emission credits we purchased to offset our emissions, and the average, minimum, and 
maximum price per metric ton paid for each credit, are provided below.
 
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
GHG emission credits purchased(a)(b)
Purchased credits (metric tons CO2e) 40,923 95,799 113,188
Average price per metric ton CO2e $ 1.15 $ 1.75 $ 3.75 
Maximum price paid per metric ton of CO2e $ 1.15 $ 1.75 $ 3.75 
Minimum price paid per metric ton of CO2e $ 1.15 $ 1.75 $ 3.75 
(a) Actual emissions that were offset, or will be offset by future credit purchases, for 2018, 2019, and 2020 are 66 thousand, 89 
thousand, and 146 thousand metric tons of CO2e, respectively.
(b) Represents the credits purchased during the calendar year.
26

These credits establish an internal price of carbon to offset Scope 1 and 2 emissions from our Ruby 
Pipeline.  The price is determined by the North American carbon market, which is an external source of 
pricing.
3.4.2 GHG Reductions 
(GRI 305-5, CDP C4.3)
Our voluntary GHG emission reductions, volume of voluntary methane emission reductions, and 
estimated value of natural gas saved are provided below.  Methane emission reductions are methane 
emissions mitigated or avoided that would otherwise have been emitted.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Voluntary GHG emission reductions (million metric tons 
CO2e)(a) 1.9 2.0 2.8
Volume of voluntary methane emission reductions (Bcf)(b)(c) 4.0 4.3 5.9
Estimated value of natural gas saved (millions)(d) $ 12 $ 13 $ 21 
(a) Emission reductions are emissions mitigated or avoided that would otherwise have been emitted.  The reported CO2e is 
based on a GWP of 25 if the methane were directly emitted to the atmosphere (GHGRP Subpart W, IPCC 2007).  
Calculation is from 40 CFR Part 98.233, Equation W-36: methane (scf) multiplied by 0.0192 kg/ft3 (methane density) 
multiplied by 0.001 metrics tons/kg (kg to metric tons conversion) multiplied by 25 metric ton CO2e/metric ton methane 
(GWP).
(b) Methane content of pipeline quality natural gas is estimated at 95% per Methane Challenge Program guidance.
(c) Methane emission reductions include reductions from compressor station leak repairs, pipeline drawdowns, gas turbine 
installations, electric motor installations, and alternative pipeline maintenance technologies that reduce the need for 
pipeline blowdowns. 
(d) The estimated value of natural gas saved for 2018 and 2019 is based on an assumed price of $3.00 per thousand cubic feet, 
as provided in EPA’s Natural Gas STAR Report for the periods presented.  For calendar year 2020, we used EIA’s 2020 
U.S. natural gas annual average Citygate price of $3.55.27
We had additional methane emission reductions in 2020 because we completed more leak repairs and 
installed additional gas-fired turbines and electric motor driven compressors at our compressor stations.  
Gas-fired turbines and electric motor driven compressors release less methane in their exhaust compared 
to natural gas-fired reciprocating engines.  EPA’s Natural Gas STAR program guidance allows taking 
credit for methane reductions from turbines for 20 years after the installation date.
3.4.3 GHG Targets 
(CDP C4.1)
Methane Emission Intensity Target
Through ONE Future, we have committed to achieving a methane emission intensity target of 0.31% for 
our natural gas transmission and storage operations by 2025 compared to a baseline year of 2012.  
Methane emission intensity is a measure of methane emissions as a percentage of total volumes of 
throughput.  The transmission and storage industry allocation of the ONE Future target of 0.31% 
represents an approximate 31% reduction from the 2012 transmission and storage industry segment 
intensity of 0.45%.28 
27
27 U.S. Energy Information Administration. “U.S. Natural Gas Citygate Price (Dollars per Thousand Cubic Feet)” Jun. 2021. 
U.S. Energy Information Administration. 2021. <https://www.eia.gov/dnav/ng/hist/n3050us3m.htm>.
28 ONE Future Coalition. “Methane Emission Estimation Protocol v.3.” ONE Future Coalition, Aug. 2020.  2021. <https://
onefuture.us/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/ONE-Future-Methane-Intensity-Protocol_V3_3Aug2020.pdf.

Our methane emission intensity targets and progress toward achieving those targets are provided below. 
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Methane emission intensity rate target(a)  0.31 %  0.31 %  0.31 %
Methane emission intensity rate(a)(b)  0.03 %  0.03 %  0.04 %
(a) The emission intensity rate is calculated by dividing our natural gas transmission and storage total methane emissions by 
our natural gas transmission and storage throughput.  Methane emissions are calculated using the procedures in 40 CFR 98 
Subpart W. 
(b) We have updated the methane intensity rate for 2018 from our 2018 and 2019 reports to include additional methane 
emissions from blowdowns that were identified through better data collection methods. 
In 2018, 2019, and 2020 we performed better than our transmission and storage methane emission 
intensity target of 0.31%.  In 2020, our methane emission intensity rate represented an 87% reduction 
from our target and a 91% reduction from the 2012 transmission and storage industry segment rate.
Compressor Station Leak Survey Target
In 2017, we set a target to voluntarily conduct 35 additional leak surveys each year from 2017 through 
2021 at our natural gas transmission and storage compressor stations that were not subject to the EPA’s 
GHGRP.  By the end of 2021, we expect to have conducted annual leak surveys at each of our natural gas 
transmission and storage compressor stations.  We committed to these additional leak surveys as part of 
our implementation plan to meet the ONE Future emission intensity commitment under EPA’s Natural 
Gas STAR Methane Challenge Program.
In 2021, we set an additional leak survey target to conduct annual leak surveys at each of our approximate 
110 natural gas gathering and boosting compressor stations by the end of 2025.
The number of leak surveys conducted at our natural gas transmission and storage compressor stations and 
our leak survey targets are provided below. 
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Targeted number of natural gas transmission and storage 
compressor stations to survey(a) 217 252 287
Actual number of natural gas transmission and storage 
compressor stations surveyed 279 306 319
(a) Targets were established by adding an incremental 20% of the transmission and storage facilities that were not required to 
perform a leak survey under the EPA’s GHGRP to the baseline 147 facilities required to conduct a leak survey in 2016. 
In each of the past three years, we exceeded our leak survey target.  In 2020, we surveyed over 90% of our 
total transmission and storage facilities.  In addition, we completed annual leak surveys at 16 of our 
natural gas processing plants in 2020. 
GHG Reduction Targets
We exceeded our GHG reduction targets, which are targets for methane emissions mitigated or avoided 
that would otherwise have been emitted, of 2 Bcf and 2.25 Bcf of methane for 2019 and 2020, 
respectively.  For 2021, we have increased our GHG reduction target to 2.35 Bcf of methane and have set 
a GHG reduction target for 2022 of 2.5 Bcf of methane.  
28

Our GHG reduction target and our progress toward achieving that target are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2019 2020
(In million metric tons of CO2e)
Target - GHG reductions(a) 1.1 1.2
Actual GHG reductions(a)(b) 2.3 3.2
(a) Reductions are emissions mitigated or avoided that would otherwise have been emitted.
(b) The CO2e is based on a GWP of 28 if the methane were directly emitted to the atmosphere (IPCC AR5).  Calculation is 
from 40 CFR Part 98.233, Equation W-36: methane (scf) multiplied by 0.0192 kg/ft3 (methane density) multiplied by 0.001 
metrics tons/kg (kg to metric tons conversion) multiplied by 28 metric ton CO2e/metric ton methane (GWP).
Additional Medium and Long-Term GHG Targets
Before exploring additional targets, including medium-term or long-term GHG reduction targets, we 
believe it is necessary to have a deeper understanding of our emissions, emission sources, and the means 
by and extent to which we may be able to reduce those emissions.  Our efforts to create an assurance-
ready GHG emissions inventory, included in this Report, have provided us with a baseline from which to 
evaluate future GHG reduction targets.  We have begun assessing our future GHG emissions and potential 
reduction opportunities.  We expect this process will help us understand reduction opportunities that could 
provide value to our shareholders, while reducing our emission footprint.
4.0 Air Quality 
4.1 Air Emissions 
We are committed to minimizing our emissions by operating our facilities in a manner consistent with 
good air quality control standards.  To manage our air permitting and compliance program in each of our 
business segments, we conduct the following activities:
• monitor, record, report, and pay emission and permit fees;  
• identify, record, and maintain a list of stationary air emission sources;
• quantify facility annual emissions per federal, state, provincial, or local requirements and 
document the basis of the quantification and estimation;
• quantify emissions when changes or modifications occur at a facility to determine if the facility 
permitting status is affected;  
• deconstruct and manage permit requirements in our compliance tracking system along with 
required actions, deadlines, and designated responsible persons; and
• provide regular training to increase our operations, engineering and maintenance employees’ 
understanding of permit requirements.
We also have initiatives in place to reduce our NOX, SOX, VOCs, PM10, and other relevant air emissions 
by enhancing processes that improve efficiency, reduce leaks, and reduce fuel usage.  We reduce our air 
emissions by implementing the following practices on a case-by-case basis:
• implementing procedures to shut down our equipment and reduce idle time;
• optimizing temperature controls to reduce fuel consumption;
• replacing existing engines with newer, more efficient equipment; and
• reducing flaring by: 
◦ improving compressor reliability, 
◦ automating gas control, 
29

◦ improving flaring metering, and 
◦ optimizing downtime.
4.2 Air Emissions for the Following Pollutants: NOx (excluding N2O), SOx, VOCs, and PM10 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-120a.1, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-120a.1, GRI 305-7)
Our criteria air pollutant emissions that we reported to a regulatory agency are provided below.
Air emissions(a)(b)(c)(d)
NOx (excluding N2O)
Natural Gas Pipelines 57.7 56.9 51.2
Products Pipelines 0.1 0.1 0.1
Terminals 0.1 0.1 0.1
CO2 0.8 0.8 0.8
Total 58.7 57.9 52.2
SOx
Natural Gas Pipelines 0.2 0.3 0.2
Products Pipelines 0.0 0.0 0.0
Terminals 0.0 0.0 0.0
CO2 0.1 0.1 0.1
Total 0.3 0.4 0.3
VOCs
Natural Gas Pipelines 7.5 8.4 7.0
Products Pipelines 3.9 3.6 3.4
Terminals(e) 2.2 2.3 2.2
CO2 0.1 0.1 0.1
Total 13.7 14.4 12.7
PM10
Natural Gas Pipelines 1.1 1.2 1.2
Products Pipelines 0.0 0.0 0.0
Terminals(e) 0.1 0.1 0.1
CO2 0.1 0.1 0.1
Total 1.3 1.4 1.4
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In thousand metric tons)
(a) Emissions reported to a regulatory agency as of August 9, 2021. Includes emissions reported for facilities where we have 
operational control. 
(b) For locations that report emissions less frequently than annually, emissions are included from emission fee estimates or 
from the most recent agency submittal.
(c) Emission values displayed as 0.0 are less than 50 metric tons.
(d) There were no significant discontinued operations in 2020.  In 2018 and 2019, SOx, NOx, and PM10 emissions from 
discontinued operations were less than 50 metric tons.  In each of the years, 2018 and 2019, VOC emissions from 
discontinued operations were 0.1 thousand metric tons. 
(e) Previously reported numbers have been adjusted to deduct discontinued operations for KML and the U.S. portion of 
Cochin pipeline.  
The decrease in our company-wide NOx and VOC emissions from 2019 to 2020 was primarily driven by  
declines in product throughput and facility divestment.  The NOx emissions in the Terminals and Products 
Pipelines business segments decreased due to increased use of vapor recovery units. 
30

5.0 Water Management 
(GRI 303-1, GRI 303-2, CDP W1.1, CDP W1.2, CDP W6.1)
Water resources are important to the ecosystems and communities in which we operate.  Our commitment 
to efficient operations includes responsibly managing our water consumption, our wastewater effluent, and 
disposal of the water we use.  We have policies and procedures to meet or exceed water and wastewater 
effluent monitoring, measurement, recordkeeping, and reporting requirements.  While certain sectors of 
the energy industry can be relatively water intensive, our primary business is in the energy infrastructure 
sector where water usage is less intensive.  Because of this, we can readily build and operate pipelines and 
terminals without creating an undue burden on the environment, even in water-stressed areas.  Although 
our operations’ water-related risks are low, we are nevertheless committed to responsibly managing the 
consumption and disposal of the water we do use.  
 Our water uses are primarily for:
• hydrostatic testing of the integrity of new and existing pipelines and related equipment prior to 
operation,
• dust control, 
• cooling for our CO 2 business segment power plant,
• processing in natural gas processing facilities, and 
• cleaning our equipment.
Produced water is a by-product of CO2 EOR projects and produced water management is important for our 
CO2 business segment.  Produced water is either re-injected into an oil-producing formation or disposed of 
by injecting it into a non-oil-producing formation.
One of the ways we reduce our water usage and wastewater effluent is when performing hydrostatic 
testing on large segments of pipe, we often test in smaller sections and reuse the same water from one 
section to the next.  This approach minimizes the amount of wastewater effluent from hydrostatic testing 
and the amount requiring subsequent disposal.  This approach also minimizes risk associated with storing 
and transporting larger volumes of water.  As another example, we collect condensation from the air 
conditioning units at our corporate headquarters in Houston, Texas, and reuse it to irrigate the flowerbeds 
around our building.
We monitor our stormwater and wastewater discharges, where warranted, to determine whether water 
treatment is necessary before the water is safely released into the environment or publicly owned 
treatment works.  Some of our facilities require on-site treatment systems to process stormwater and 
wastewater discharges to meet water quality standards that protect human and aquatic life.  In addition, 
our operations follow procedures to minimize the risk of accidental discharges.  If we do experience a 
non-permitted wastewater discharge, we have detailed response and incident management procedures and 
reporting processes.  Significant discharge incidents are investigated, and corrective actions are 
implemented, if necessary, to address incident causes.
31

5.1 Water Usage
(SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-140a.1, GRI 303-3, GRI 303-5, CDP W1.1, CDP W1.2, CDP 
W6)
Hydrostatic Integrity Testing
As part of our asset integrity management program, described in Section 12.1 Asset Integrity Management 
of the Sustainability Report, we conduct regular testing of new and existing pipelines and tanks.  For some 
of these tests, we use hydrostatic integrity testing, a process where water is injected into a pipeline or tank 
and is pressurized to a certain level to test the integrity of the pipeline or tank.  Often a portion of the 
hydrostatic integrity test water used is returned to the source and is available to be used again.  In some 
hydrostatic integrity tests, we use alternative sources of water from non-fresh water sources.
The volume of water we used for hydrostatic integrity testing in 2018, 2019, and 2020 of our in-service 
PHMSA-regulated pipelines is provided below.  For 2020, this volume also includes water used for 
hydrostatic integrity testing of our tanks.  We are developing the processes to report the water we use for 
hydrostatic integrity testing of pipelines not regulated by PHMSA and newly constructed pipelines as they 
are placed in service.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In thousand cubic meters)
Water use for hydrostatic integrity testing(a)(b)(c)(d)
Natural Gas Pipelines 72 22 38
Products Pipelines 1 1 0
Terminals 1 1 19
CO2 0 0 0
Total 74 24 57
(a) For pipelines, water volumes are calculated using the dimensions of the pipeline tested.  Volumes may not account for 
water reuse or water loss.  Water volumes from pipeline segments tested off-site are excluded.
(b) For tanks, water volumes are calculated using the tank diameter and test water height.  Tanks using non-fresh water for 
testing are excluded.
(c) Volumes for tank hydrostatic testing are excluded for 2018 and 2019.  In 2020, we developed procedures and controls for 
tracking water usage volumes from tank hydrostatic integrity testing.
(d) The 2020 water use for hydrostatic integrity testing for the Products Pipelines business segment was less than 500 cubic 
meters.
Water usage can vary year-over-year depending on the pipeline and tank reassessment intervals in the 
integrity program.  Our Natural Gas Pipelines business segment has reduced its water usage since 2018 by 
utilizing ILI technology in lieu of hydrostatic integrity tests.  Our water volumes from hydrostatic integrity 
testing are likely to increase with the implementation of PHMSA’s “Maximum Allowable Operating 
Pressure Reconfirmation Rule,” which began in 2020 and expands the use of hydrostatic integrity tests.
Water Usage from our CO2 Business Segment
Our CO2 business segment operates multiple gas processing plants and a power plant that powers 
equipment in the SACROC oil field.  The power plant and gas processing plants consume fresh water for 
cooling and steam.  Our fresh water supplies come from local water utilities and groundwater sources.  
Less frequently, fresh water is trucked to our operations located in remote areas.  The amount of fresh 
water used during the EOR process is relatively insignificant compared to the amount used at the gas 
processing plants and power plant.  We assume fresh water withdrawn is equal to fresh water consumed 
since the majority of fresh water used in our CO2 business segment operations evaporates.
32

The amount of fresh water withdrawn, fresh water consumed, and fresh water withdrawn intensity for our 
CO2 business segment are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In thousand cubic meters, except water withdrawn 
intensity)
Fresh water withdrawn(a) 1,487 1,489 1,208
Fresh water consumed(a) 1,487 1,489 1,208
Fresh water withdrawn intensity (thousand cubic meters of 
fresh water consumed per BOE throughput)(b) 0.04 0.04 0.04
(a) Water usage volumes from certain facilities or processes may be excluded if the volumes are insignificant to the overall 
volumes presented above.
(b) Calculated using the total fresh water withdrawn divided by our CO2 business segment’s BOE throughput.
6.0 Ecological Impacts 
6.1 Environmental Management Policies and Practices for Active Operations 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-160a.1, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-160a.1, GRI 102-12, GRI 
102-43, GRI 304-2, GRI 304-3)
We continually evaluate the regulatory landscape for our operations and new projects.  To manage 
environmental matters across our assets, we maintain corporate policies and business segment-specific 
procedures.  Through our internal monthly regulatory update and verification program, we identify, assess, 
and manage compliance with changing regulatory requirements.  
Our Biodiversity Policy outlines the approaches we use to address impacts on biodiversity in areas where 
we operate.  We assess the environmental risk and impact from many of our new or existing project sites 
and where warranted, make adjustments to the location, scope, and/or timing of a new project in an effort 
to minimize or avoid impacts to critical habitats with high biodiversity value, including vulnerable species 
or sensitive ecosystems.
Project Development
Prior to beginning new construction or an expansion project, we develop plans and procedures that 
consider a number of important factors that help: 
• maintain operational efficiency, 
• minimize our impact on biodiversity, and 
• take into consideration our stakeholders’ concerns.  
Our project development plans look at the overall impact of the project and may include:
• surveying, 
• environmental and cultural impact avoidance, 
• monitoring,
• mitigation,
• construction, 
• revegetation, and 
• operation.
33

Pre-construction and Construction
To evaluate a proposed route for a new pipeline project, we conduct the following surveys:
• civil surveys that provide information on soil, topography, and land use; 
• cultural surveys that provide cultural significance and archaeological information; and 
• environmental surveys that provide information about water, vegetation, wildlife, and other 
important biodiversity considerations.  
In addition to the information collected in these surveys, our teams also consult with local stakeholders 
during development and pre-construction about project-specific considerations, including environmental 
issues.  We consider and use this information to help develop a pipeline route that avoids or minimizes 
impacts on people, critical habitats, and land.  
We may employ the following construction and mitigative procedures to take into account biodiversity 
issues:
• measures to minimize erosion and enhance revegetation;
• plans to maintain existing drainage and water flow near our projects, including installing drain 
tiles;
• horizontal directional drilling technology to install pipelines beneath sensitive areas;
• project-specific spill prevention and response procedures; and
• traffic plans to keep affected roadway crossings safe and accessible.
We work to minimize impacts on biodiversity in the areas where we work and operate.  Land and habitat 
preservation is a key component of our construction efforts, both when designing a new route for a 
pipeline project and when performing maintenance on facilities that have been in service for many years. 
We coordinate with regulatory agencies and landowners, as appropriate, to minimize our impacts to the 
local environment by developing plans to:
• prevent the introduction or spread of invasive species during construction or restoration, and 
• allow for the movement and protection of wildlife and livestock during construction. 
Mitigation in High Conservation Value Areas
We employ a variety of strategies to minimize our operating assets’ impact on high value conservation or 
biodiversity areas, such as sensitive habitats and conservation areas with threatened or endangered species, 
water bodies, and wetlands.29  Business segment integrity management teams assess whether our pipelines 
and facilities could affect commercially navigable waterways, populated areas, or environmentally 
sensitive areas.30  We work to meet or exceed the regulatory standards that protect these important areas.
When our internal analysis determines that our asset is located within an environmentally sensitive area, 
the asset is subjected to more stringent and frequent integrity management measures to improve the asset’s 
resilience and help protect the surrounding environment.  Read more about our integrity management 
program described in Section 12.1 Asset Integrity Management of the Sustainability Report.
Based on the nature of the project and project area, our project framework requirements may include some 
or all of the following:
• designating an environmental inspector with wetlands or waterbody knowledge to verify that 
environmental conditions are met during construction,
34
29 Threatened or endangered species defined by federal, state, provincial, and local regulatory agencies. 
30 Environmentally sensitive areas in the U.S. are defined by the 49 CFR 195.6 designation of unusually sensitive areas.  
Canada’s CER rules define environmentally sensitive areas in the GeoGratis database published by Natural Resources Canada.

• establishing baseline characteristics for high conservation areas to help develop mitigation 
measures during a project,
• routing to avoid construction through or minimize disturbances to wetlands and water body 
crossings,
• establishing spill prevention and response procedures that provide for prompt and effective cleanup 
in the event of a spill,
• delineating wetlands and waterbodies, and 
• developing detailed mitigation and avoidance plans for project areas identified as habitat for 
threatened or endangered species and fisheries.
Restoration
When impacts to the environment cannot be completely avoided or minimized, we can employ measures 
to restore an ecosystem’s composition, structure, and function.  Post-construction actions for new projects 
include restoring the right-of-way, including landowner agreed-upon specifications, and restoring the land 
within our facility fence lines where appropriate.  In some instances, our restoration improves a habitat 
compared to the condition in which we found it.  For example, for some pipeline replacement projects we 
plant indigenous vegetation seed mixes to promote a healthy ecosystem that is expected to quickly adapt 
to local conditions and then monitor its progress.  In tandem with these efforts, we also use weed control 
to prevent encroachment of invasive species and mitigate erosion.  In other projects, we have constructed 
new habitats; preserved, restored, enhanced, or created wetlands; and improved existing conservation or 
reservation areas.
Our restoration, revegetation, and reclamation efforts include:
• grading construction right-of-way to restore pre-construction contours and leave the soil in the 
proper condition for planting;
• stabilizing streambeds and banks, natural drainage ways, and steep grades to meet permit 
requirements;
• establishing successful revegetation of soils disturbed by project-related activities;
• working with affected landowners to restore structures, fences, hedges, buildings, and/or other 
property displaced or damaged during construction; and
• implementing spray programs for noxious weeds and ongoing environmental monitoring to 
identify and repair post-construction areas of concern.
After completing construction on a new or existing project, we strive to meet the biodiversity targets and 
deadlines established in our project plans. 
Biodiversity Enhancement Initiatives
We are actively involved in a number of projects designed to enhance biodiversity within our operating 
areas.  We have made long-term commitments to managing biodiversity and participate in conservation 
education and community outreach initiatives as described below.  
• Permian Highway Pipeline Project Initiatives
◦ Golden-Cheeked Warbler Habitat
In April 2019, our PHP joint venture committed to purchase over 1,300 acres of land in 
Travis County, Texas, with the intention of donating it to the Balcones Canyonlands 
National Wildlife Refuge.  In 2020, with assistance from The Conservation Fund, the 
donation was finalized and the land was transferred to the refuge.  This donation of land 
expands the current refuge for the Golden-Cheeked Warbler, an endangered species of bird 
that breeds in central Texas.  
35

PHP also purchased mitigation credits from two mitigation banks located in the project area 
to offset any future impacts that may be caused by oak wilt, a fungal disease that can 
impact the Golden-Cheeked Warbler habitat.  Monitors were deployed to oversee these 
habitats during construction.  PHP expects to continue monitoring for oak wilt in this 
habitat through the third quarter of 2021.
In total, PHP has contributed to protecting approximately 1,530 acres of Golden-Cheeked 
Warbler habitat in perpetuity and has spent over $10.3 million to help with the protection of 
this endangered species.
◦ Houston Toad Research
In 2020, PHP made a donation of approximately $1 million to a state university for 
Houston Toad research.  A portion of that money is designated for the USFWS San Marcos 
Aquatic Research Center.
During construction of our Crossover 2 Pipeline, in April 2020, we donated $250,000 to the 
Texas State University Development Foundation to fund research focused on the 
conservation and recovery of the endangered Houston Toad.
In addition to the monetary support provided, field research and monitoring oversight was 
conducted in the Houston Toad habitat during construction and acoustical equipment was 
deployed in the vicinity of these projects to detect Houston Toad choruses.  People were 
stationed along the construction rights-of-way to assist with relocating Houston Toads, or 
other amphibians and reptiles, outside the limits of disturbance.  For Houston Toads that 
might venture into the rights-of-way, artificial habitats were created within each project’s 
right-of-way to serve as shelter.
• Eastern Worm Snake and Eastern Box Turtle Conservation and Wetland Mitigation in Agawam, 
Massachusetts
In 2020, we contributed nearly $1.5 million for tree planting, wetland mitigation, and purchasing 
protective habitats in Agawam, Massachusetts.  To help preserve the habitat of the Massachusetts-
protected Eastern Worm Snake and Eastern Box Turtle, we purchased and transferred a 7.6 acre 
parcel of land to the Town of Agawam, identified a private Land Trust, and funded an endowment 
for the Land Trust to administer the Conservation Restrictions governing the conservation areas.𝅺  
We also rehabilitated and then established Conservation Restrictions on over 11 acres of degraded 
wetland and riparian areas, which had been historically used as a turf farm.  Rehabilitation in these 
areas consisted of planting trees and shrubs at strategic locations to facilitate the return of woody 
scrub-shrub and forests.
For more information, see our EHS Policy Statement, our Biodiversity Policy, and for examples of how 
we operationalize our Biodiversity Policy, see our case studies, on our ESG/Sustainability webpage at 
https://www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-Environment/ESG. 
36

6.2 Percentage of Land Owned, Leased, and/or Operated within Areas of Protected Conservation Status 
or Endangered Species Habitat 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-160a.2, GRI 304-1)
Areas of Protected Conservation Status or Endangered Species Habitats
The percentage of land we operate within or near areas of protected conservation status or endangered 
species habitat is provided below.
 
Percentage of land operated within or near areas of protected 
conservation status or endangered species habitat(a)
Near designated areas(b)
Natural Gas Pipelines  28 %  26 %  26 %
Products Pipelines  33 %  33 %  32 %
Terminals(c)  84 %  80 %  49 %
CO2  8 %  7 %  6 %
Total  29 %  27 %  27 %
Inside designated areas(d)
Natural Gas Pipelines  4 %  4 %  3 %
Products Pipelines  8 %  2 %  1 %
Terminals(c)  0 %  1 %  1 %
CO2  0 %  0 %  0 %
Total  4 %  3 %  3 %
Inside or near designated areas
Natural Gas Pipelines  32 %  30 %  29 %
Products Pipelines  41 %  35 %  33 %
Terminals(c)  84 %  81 %  50 %
CO2  8 %  7 %  6 %
Total  33 %  30 %  30 %
2018 2019 2020
(a) The acreage of land used in this analysis is based on acreage where we have active operations.  We may own or lease, but 
do not operate, additional land that is not included in this analysis.  This calculation assumes that the acreage operated for 
pipelines includes land within the 50-foot corridor of a pipeline’s centerline and excludes production facilities and non-
PHMSA jurisdictional gathering lines in the CO2 business segment.  Acreage operated for a facility includes land within 
the facility’s security fence line for the Natural Gas Pipelines, Terminals, and CO2 business segments and acreage we own, 
within and outside the security fence line, for the Products Pipelines business segment.  We use WDPA determinations for 
the areas characterized as protected conservation areas.  For our Mexico operations, the areas characterized as endangered 
species habitats are determined by the International Union for Conservation of Nature endangered or critically endangered 
designations.  For our U.S. operations, we used the USFWS designated areas for endangered species instead of the 
International Union for Conservation of Nature designations, recommended by SASB, because we believe the USFWS 
dataset better reflects the biodiversity risk for our operations.  For the 2020 reporting year, we downloaded the USFWS 
dataset in the first quarter of 2021, the WDPA dataset in the second quarter of 2021, and completed the analysis using our 
GIS datasets as of the second quarter of 2021.
(b) Defined as operated land within five kilometers of the boundary of a protected conservation area or endangered species 
habitat.
(c) Our Terminals business segment assets are often located in coastal areas for marine transportation access; these coastal 
areas have a higher concentration of conservation areas.  Our Terminals business segment’s "near designated areas” 
decrease in 2020 was driven by changes to the WDPA database and increased accuracy of facility boundaries within our 
GIS system.  
(d) Defined as operated land within the boundary of protected conservation area or endangered species habitat.
37

Acreage Disturbed and Restored
In 2020, a large portion of the acreage disturbed by our operations was due to the PHP project.  During the 
project, PHP used approximately 7,600 acres for permanent right-of-way, temporary construction right-of-
way, facility sites, and road access.  The temporary construction right-of-way acreage and permanent 
right-of-way totaled approximately 7,000 acres, which has been restored or is in the process of being 
restored.  A relatively small amount of land is not expected to be restored, specifically the long-term use 
surface sites, facility sites, and access roads.  In order to minimize our impact during our projects, we use 
existing access roads whenever possible rather than building new ones.  Our restoration includes replacing 
topsoil that was conserved during construction and seeding the appropriate plant species for the area.  For 
the PHP project, approximately 93% of the total acreage disturbed has been restored or is in the process of 
being restored.  Restoration is expected to continue through the middle of 2022.
6.3 Hydrocarbon Spills 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-160a.4, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-160a.2)
According to data from PHMSA and FERC, 99.999% of crude oil, petroleum products, and natural gas 
transported by pipelines reach their destinations safely and uneventfully.31
We strive to prevent hydrocarbon releases from our operations, but sometimes such releases do occur.  
They usually are: 
• minimal,
• below reportable quantities, 
• contained in secondary containment facilities, and 
• promptly remediated.
Our emergency response procedures are designed to promptly limit the impact to the environment if a 
release occurs or migrates outside of containment.  Although measures are in place to prevent 
environmental contact, there are infrequent cases where some volume of hydrocarbon migrates outside 
containment.
The number, volume, volume in Unusually Sensitive Areas, and recovered volume of hydrocarbon spills 
are provided below.
Number of hydrocarbon spills(a)(b)
Natural Gas Pipelines 9 17 21
Products Pipelines 7 7 8
Terminals 9 10 8
CO2 11 9 4
Kinder Morgan Canada(c) 1 — —
Total 37 43 41
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In barrels, except percentages and number of spills)
38
31 API-AOPL. “2020 Pipeline Safety Excellence Performance Report & 2020-2022 Strategic Plan.” API-AOPL, 17 June 2021: 
45. 2021. <https://www.api.org/-/media/APIWebsite/oil-and-natural-gas/primers/2020-API-AOPL-Pipeline-Safety-Excellence-
Performance-Report-and-20202022-Strategic-Plan.pdf?
la=en&hash=3F9DB3F7D2FFA2FAD78E14E6146FC89BA3C1CDDD>.

Aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills(a)
Natural Gas Pipelines 23 407 818
Products Pipelines 11,180 423 1,093
Terminals 70 46 132
CO2 229 99 337
Kinder Morgan Canada(c) 28 — —
Total 11,530 975 2,380
Aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills in Unusually Sensitive 
Areas(a)(d)
Natural Gas Pipelines 1 — 273
Products Pipelines 162 32 1,012
Terminals 17 20 113
CO2 0 0 0
Kinder Morgan Canada(c) 0 — —
Total 180 52 1,398
Volume recovered(e)
Natural Gas Pipelines 23 329 806
Products Pipelines 7,047 402 502
Terminals 32 33 129
CO2(f) 211 97 332
Kinder Morgan Canada(c) 19 — —
Total 7,332 861 1,769
Percentage recovered
Total  64 %  88 %  74 %
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In barrels, except percentages and number of spills)
(a) A spill is defined as greater than one barrel released to surface water, soil, or groundwater, excluding spills contained 
within impermeable secondary containment.
(b) We do not operate in the Arctic and therefore have nothing to report for SASB EM-MD160a.4.
(c) On August 31, 2018, the assets comprising the Kinder Morgan Canada business segment were sold, so this segment does 
not have results of operations on a prospective basis.
(d) Includes spills, as defined in note (a), in Unusually Sensitive Areas in the U.S. as identified in the National Pipeline 
Mapping System by PHMSA.  Unusually Sensitive Areas in Canada are identified by the Canadian Council on Ecological 
Areas Conservation Areas Reporting and Tracking System; the National Hydro Network - 2016, Government of Canada; 
Natural Resources Canada; Earth Sciences Sector; and Canada Centre for Mapping and Earth Observation.  If the National 
Pipeline Mapping System data was unavailable for a spill location, we used the protected conservation areas by the WDPA 
and the areas characterized as endangered species habitats by the USFWS, as the basis for whether the spill occurred in an 
Unusually Sensitive Area.
(e) The volume of spills recovered is the amount of spilled hydrocarbons (in bbl) removed from the environment through 
short-term spill response activities, excluding amounts that were recovered during longer-term remediation at spill sites and 
amounts that evaporated, burned, or were dispersed.  The volume recovered is reported for the year the associated spill 
occurred.
(f) After applying a more consistent definition of short-term spill response activities, we found that additional volumes were 
recovered in 2019.  We have updated our 2019 CO2 business segment’s volume recovered from our 2019 Report.  
The data for 2018 includes a 10,910 barrel release from our Products Pipelines business segment, 6,779 
barrels of which have been recovered.  As of June 2021, our installation of a system to remediate the 
remainder is pending, awaiting regulatory agency approval. 
The increase in the volume of hydrocarbon spills in 2020 was driven by an estimated 1,000 barrel release 
of gasoline from our Products Pipelines business segment.  Spill cleanup efforts are ongoing, and as of 
39

July 2021, approximately half of the volume spilled has been recovered.  We are continuing our 
assessment of the incident and its impact, after which any potential longer-term remedial actions will be 
evaluated.
6.4 Marine Spills and Releases to the Environment 
(SASB Marine Transportation TR-MT-160a.3)
We own a fleet of 16 medium-range Jones Act-qualified product tankers, each with 330,000 barrels of 
cargo capacity.  The fleet is the largest and most modern in the industry and transports crude oil, 
condensate, and refined products under long-term contracts.32  Our vessels are operated by Intrepid Ship 
Management, a subsidiary of Crowley Maritime Corporation, a leading operator and technical manager in 
the U.S. maritime industry.
Intrepid’s management system is designed to fulfill the requirements of:
• International Safety Management Code for the Safe Operation of Ships and for Pollution 
Prevention, 
• ISO 9001:2008 Quality management system, and 
• ISO 14001:2004 Environmental management systems.  
Consistent with our own philosophy, one of Intrepid’s goals is to continually operate with no harm to 
people, property, or the environment.  
The number and aggregate volume of marine spills and releases are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Number of marine spills and releases to the environment 1 0 1
Aggregate volume of marine spills and releases to the 
environment (cubic meters)(a) 0 0 0
(a) The 2018 and 2020 aggregate volume of marine spills and releases to the environment are less than half of a cubic meter.
6.5 Environmental Fines and Penalties
In line with our OMS, we strive to comply with applicable environmental regulations.  Notwithstanding 
our efforts, we occasionally receive environmental fines and penalties for alleged releases, permit 
violations and similar events.  Payments for environmental fines and penalties may be remitted one or 
several years after an incident occurs.
40
32 Based on average ship age and number of latest generation vessels operated.  Fleet age assessment based on Appendix A of 
the Wilson Gillette December 2020 report of operational Jones Act product tankers and large oceangoing barges.

Our environmental fines and penalties paid are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In thousands)
Environmental fines and penalties paid(a) $ 648 $ 215 $ 70 
(a) Environmental fines and penalties paid include monetary fines, penalties, and settlements greater than $5,000 paid to 
environmental regulatory agencies and excludes the costs of supplementary environmental projects, any work we were 
mandated to complete as part of the enforcement action, and the amounts paid to non-environmental regulatory agencies.  
Environmental fines and penalties are reported based on the year the payment was made.  The year when the payment was 
made may differ from the year the incident took place.
7.0 Employee and Contractor Health and Safety 
7.1 Discussion of Safety Management Systems to Integrate Culture of Safety and Emergency 
Preparedness
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-540a.4, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-320a.2, GRI 403-1, GRI 
403-4, GRI 403-6, GRI 403-8, GRI 403-9)
Our employee and contractor safety management systems are integrated into our OMS.  An overview of 
our OMS, including our health and safety training, are described in Section 2.2 Management System of the 
Sustainability Report.  Additional details about our contractor safety policies are also provided in Section 
8.0 Supply Chain Management of the Sustainability Report.
Safety Initiatives
Our safety initiatives are managed at the business segment level and safety programs are tailored to 
specific operations. 
• COVID-19 Mitigation Efforts
During 2020, we spent an incremental $15 million on employee safety costs associated with our 
COVID-19 mitigation efforts, primarily for PPE, enhanced cleaning protocols, temperature 
screening and other measures we adopted to protect our employees.  Our business segments traced 
each positive COVID-19 case and discussed emerging trends with senior management.
• Safety In Motion ®
In 2020, our Natural Gas Pipelines business segment continued implementation of the SIM® 
program which offers a multifaceted approach to eliminating sprain and strain injuries.  The SIM® 
process uses an action and education process that has a track record of preventing, reducing or 
managing strain, pain, and musculoskeletal injuries.  The process includes a training program that, 
through physical demonstrations during training, allows employees to experience how small 
changes in physical techniques significantly reduce the risk factors that lead to unnecessary stress 
and strain.  The SIM® system encompasses:
• ergonomics; 
• body mechanics; 
• fitness; and
• auditing, observation, coaching, and medical management. 
41

• Hazard Recognition Training
The ability to recognize and mitigate hazards in the workplace prior to and during work reduces 
the likelihood of an employee injury.  Our business segments have developed training programs 
designed to provide employees with real world scenarios to help improve their hazard 
identification skills.  
• Incident Investigation Training
This training module is designed to help employees, who conduct incident investigations, 
understand the importance of evaluating the processes and systems linked to the work or task being 
conducted at the time of the incident.  By identifying where there may be opportunities for 
improvement within our processes and systems, we are better able to provide our employees with 
the training and knowledge that they need to perform their jobs safely and successfully.
• Safety Culture Surveys
Periodically, our full-time business segment employees participate in confidential safety culture 
surveys.  These surveys are designed to engage with our employees and collect information about 
our safety culture.  The results of these surveys are communicated to employees and used to 
develop safety action plans.
• Safety Meeting Packets
Our business segments distribute safety meeting packets periodically with the goal of fostering a 
culture of continuous improvement and providing consistent safety messaging.  The packets 
include lessons learned from internal and external incidents.
 
• 2020 Contractor Safety Culture Survey and Initiatives
We invited over 16,000 of our contract workers and 2,000 of our employees to participate in a 
confidential safety culture survey.  The survey results provided us insight into ways to better 
communicate our safety values to our contractors and employees and understand areas where we 
may be able to improve our safety culture.
Additional contractor safety initiatives are described in Section 8.0 Supply Chain Management of 
the Sustainability Report.
7.2 Employee and Contractor Safety Statistics and Average Hours of Health, Safety, and Emergency 
Response Training 
(SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-320a.1, SASB Marine Transportation TR-MT-320.a.1, GRI 
403-2, GRI 403-5, GRI 403-7, GRI 403-9)
We strive for continuous improvement in our safety performance.  Although our ultimate target is zero 
incidents, we also have non-zero employee safety performance targets that we establish at the beginning of 
each year.  The first is to outperform the annual industry average TRIR and the second is to outperform 
our own three-year TRIR average.  Our 2021 company-wide TRIR target is 0.9, which is the average of 
the baseline years 2018, 2019, and 2020.  
In 2020, we established a longer term company-wide employee TRIR target to improve our TRIR to 0.7 
by 2024 compared to the baseline of 1.0 in 2019.  This target was established to drive improvement in our 
safety performance and represents a TRIR reduction of 30% over a five-year period.
42

Our performance against our previous targets are specified in the table below.  
Employee Safety Metrics
Employee incident rates, employee incident rate targets, and the number of employee work-related 
fatalities are provided below.  These incident rates and employee work-related fatalities exclude self-
reported COVID-19 cases classified as recordable incidents per OSHA guidance.  Incident rates including 
work-related, self-reported COVID-19 cases can be found in Appendix A.1 – ESG Disclosure Topics & 
Accounting Metrics.
(In number of recordable incidents per 100 full-time 
workers, except fatalities)
Employee total recordable incident rate(a)(b)(c)
Natural Gas Pipelines 1.2 1.2 0.7
Products Pipelines 0.8 0.8 0.7
Terminals 1.1 1.0 1.0
CO2 0.9 0.6 0.1
Kinder Morgan Canada(d) 0.4 — —
Corporate 0.1 0.4 0.1
Company-wide 1.0 1.0 0.7
Target - employee TRIR industry three-year average(e) 2.3 2.0 2.0
Target - employee TRIR three-year average(f) 1.2 1.1 1.0
Short-service employee total recordable incident rate(a)(c)(g)
Natural Gas Pipelines 2.2 1.6 0.4
Products Pipelines 3.0 1.3 1.4
Terminals 0.3 1.4 1.4
CO2 0.0 0.0 0.0
Corporate 0.0 0.0 0.0
Company-wide 1.1 1.2 0.9
Number of employee fatalities(c) 0 0 0
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(a) TRIR calculation: total number of incidents multiplied by 200,000 divided by the number of employee hours actually 
worked.  The 200,000 represents the hours 100 employees worked per year.  100 employees working 40 hours per week, 
50 weeks per year is a standard base for calculating incident rates.  
(b) Employee TRIR includes regular full-time, regular part-time, and temporary employees.  It also includes Natural Gas 
Pipelines and Terminals business segment contractors we supervise on a day-to-day basis. 
(c) 2018, 2019, and 2020 rates and fatalities are calculated using incident classifications as of February 27, 2019, January 15, 
2020, and January 15, 2021, respectively.  Injuries or illnesses may later be reclassified.
(d) On August 31, 2018, the assets comprising the Kinder Morgan Canada business segment were sold, so this segment does 
not have results of operations on a prospective basis.
(e) The BLS typically publishes incident rate data for a given year in the fourth quarter of the following calendar year.  We use 
the most recent BLS data available at the beginning of each year.  We calculate the industry average using the weighted 
average of BLS industry rates based on codes from the North American Industry Classification System.  For 2020, these 
include 4862-pipeline transportation of natural gas, 49319-other warehousing and storage, 4883-support activities for water 
transportation, and others.  The 2018 and 2019 target industry rates are annual rates and the 2020 target industry rate is an 
average of the most recent three-year period.  For example, to calculate our 2019 target industry TRIR, we weighted the 
2017 BLS industry rates using our 2018 employee hours.  To calculate our 2020 target industry TRIR, we averaged the 
annual industry TRIR values that were calculated for 2018, 2019, and 2020.
(f) The three-year target is based on the average TRIR for previous three-year period.  The 2018 and 2019 Kinder Morgan 
three-year averages exclude the Kinder Morgan Canada business segment.
(g) Short-service employees include full-time, part-time, or temporary employees that have been in their position for six 
months or less from their hire or rehire date.  2019 rates exclude Canadian employees.
43

Health, Safety, and Emergency Response Training Hours
Our health, safety, and emergency response training programs are described in Section 2.2 Management 
System of the Sustainability Report.  
The average number of employee hours spent on health, safety, emergency response, and other safety 
training topics not required under OSHA 1910, are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Average hours per employee of health, safety, and emergency 
response training(a)(b)(c)
Natural Gas Pipelines 21 19 17
Products Pipelines 22 26 18
Terminals 11 13 11
CO2 27 24 17
Kinder Morgan Canada(d) 12 — —
Corporate 4 4 3
Company-wide 17 17 13
(a) Training time is assigned to the business segment the employee was active under at the end of the calendar year.
(b) Includes the U.S. portion of the Cochin Pipeline and KML data up to the sale date on December 16, 2019.
(c) Our health, safety, and emergency response training covers topics required under the U.S. 29 CFR Part 1910 OSHA 
standards; Canada Labour Code; and Mexican, state, and provincial equivalent programs, including training on: confined 
spaces, crane safety, electrical safety, emergency response, fall protection, fire protection, hazard communication, lockout/
tagout, PPE, process safety management, and respiratory protection.  This metric also includes position-relevant training on 
other safety topics that are not explicitly required under OSHA 1910, such as: safe driving, which addresses hazards such 
as distractions while driving and adverse weather conditions; back safety, which explores the factors that lead to back 
injuries such as physical activity, posture, and load positioning; and ergonomics, which explains how various postures and 
movements affect the body and how to mitigate ergonomic hazards.
(d) Represents Kinder Morgan Canada employee average training time up to the date of the TMPL sale on August 31, 2018.
Contractor Safety Metrics
Our annual contractor incident rates and the number of contractor fatalities are provided below.  These 
incident rates and contractor work-related fatalities exclude self-reported COVID-19 cases classified as 
recordable incidents per OSHA guidance.  Incident rates including work-related, self-reported COVID-19 
cases can be found in Appendix A.1 – ESG Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In number of recordable incidents per 100 full-time 
workers, except fatalities)
Contractor total recordable incident rate(a)
Natural Gas Pipelines 0.7 0.7 0.4
Products Pipelines 0.9 0.9 0.0
Terminals 0.4 0.0 0.7
CO2 0.9 0.4 0.0
Kinder Morgan Canada(b) 0.4 — —
Corporate 0.0 0.0 0.0
Company-wide 0.7 0.6 0.4
Number of contractor fatalities 0 0 0
(a) Contractor rates are based on incidents contractors incurred while doing work for us on a defined major project.  Major 
projects are capital expansion projects that meet a minimum total estimated project cost.  If hours for a major project were 
44

not available, hours were estimated based on major project spend.  Incidents for the contractor’s employees operating our 
marine tankers are not included but are included in the marine LTIR in Section 7.3 Marine Lost Time Incident Rate of the 
Sustainability Report.
(b) On August 31, 2018, the assets comprising the Kinder Morgan Canada business segment were sold, so this segment does 
not have results of operations on a prospective basis.
7.3 Marine Lost Time Incident Rate 
(SASB Marine Transportation TR-MT-320a.1, GRI 403-9)
As described in Section 6.4 Marine Spills and Releases to the Environment of the Sustainability Report, 
Intrepid Ship Management operates our Jones Act marine transportation vessels.  Intrepid’s management 
is actively engaged in monitoring each case of injury or illness related to our Jones Act marine 
transportation vessels.  Intrepid maintains processes and procedures for reporting, investigating, and 
recordkeeping and determines the classification for each case.  In the event of a marine injury or illness, 
Intrepid engages contracted medical services, including:
• physician advice at sea, 
• maritime telemedicine, 
• physician and nurse case management, and 
• arrangement and management of shore side medical services. 
Intrepid has initiatives and programs for fleet safety officers and quality training focused on the following 
topics:
• safety leadership, 
• sharing best practices, and 
• increasing crew training on 
◦ job safety, 
◦ work permits, and 
◦ housekeeping.  
Intrepid has also initiated job safety training programs to improve hazard recognition and incident 
prevention, and to prevent common musculoskeletal injuries.
We do not include Intrepid’s incidents or hours worked in our contractor TRIR in Section 7.2 Employee 
and Contractor Safety Statistics and Average Hours of Health, Safety, and Emergency Response Training 
of the Sustainability Report.  
Intrepid’s LTIR on our marine transportation vessels are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In number of lost time incidents per 1,000,000 hours 
worked)
Marine lost time incident rate(a) 0.6 0.3 0.6
(a) Marine lost time incident rate calculation: total number of lost time injuries multiplied by 1,000,000 divided by number of 
employee hours on-board per Oil Companies International Marine Forum Marine Injury Reporting Guidelines.
45

8.0 Supply Chain Management 
(GRI 407-1)
We developed a Supplier Code of Conduct that outlines our expectations for our consultants, contractors, 
suppliers, vendors, and business partners.  Our Supplier Code of Conduct specifies that the third parties 
we work with are expected to adhere to these requirements and our core values.  We detail our 
expectations for the following topics:
• environmental, health, and safety;
• freedom of association and collective bargaining;
• forced labor;
• living wages and remuneration;
• working conditions;
• transacting business; and
• anti-corruption.
In addition to adhering to our Supplier Code of Conduct, we encourage our suppliers to communicate 
these expectations, or those set forth by a similar standard or policy, throughout their own business 
operations and supply chains.
Please see our Supplier Code of Conduct for more details on the expectations we have for our consultants, 
contractors, suppliers, vendors, and business partners located at https://www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-
Environment/ESG#tabs-social. 
Supplier Due Diligence
We conduct due diligence on potential new suppliers and regularly check our existing suppliers to monitor 
their compliance with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, including steps to prevent corruption, 
and other social standards.  Potential and existing suppliers are checked to verify whether they are 
excluded from receiving federal contracts, certain subcontracts, and certain types of federal financial and 
non-financial assistance and benefits.  Suppliers can be excluded for the following reasons: 
• fraud,  
• bribery,
• corruption, 
• failure to pay minimum wage,
• violating federal criminal laws, and
• unfair trade practices.
This list of exclusions is maintained in the U.S. Government’s System for Award Management.  We do 
not issue new contracts with suppliers that have an active company-wide exclusion in the System for 
Award Management.  If we identify an active exclusion for an existing supplier, we contact the supplier to 
inquire about the nature of the exclusion and to initiate reductions in our business with them.  We find that 
our inquiry is sometimes the first notification a supplier has of its active exclusion.  In response to our 
inquiries, a supplier can often resolve its active exclusion with the U.S. Government and may then 
continue to serve as our supplier.
We screen service suppliers during our selection process using ISNetworld, a nationally recognized 
contractor management firm.  We require service suppliers to provide documentation including:
• safety performance,
• environmental performance,
46

• operator qualifications, 
• insurance, 
• drug and alcohol tests results, and
• a management system questionnaire.  
In 2020, we added our subcontractors to the ISNetworld screening process.  We require certain 
subcontractors to provide documentation including:
• safety performance,
• environmental performance, and
• operator qualifications.
We manage service supplier and subcontractor compliance with our requirements using a risk-ranking 
scorecard to grade each supplier as recommended, acceptable, or at-risk.  Suppliers considered at-risk 
must go through a variance process and improve their grade, or the suppliers are not approved for work.
Supplier Demographics
We strive to build relationships with diverse suppliers including Indigenous Peoples, minority-owned, 
women-owned, veteran-owned, service-disabled veteran-owned, and small businesses.  We promote 
economic inclusion by meeting or exceeding requirements of the Small Business Act. 
We review the diversity status of our suppliers and encourage diverse suppliers to bid on our projects.  We 
are working to further diversify our supplier and contractor network and recently joined the Houston 
Minority Supplier Development Council, whose mission is to bring together major corporations and 
certified Minority Business Enterprises.
The percentage and equivalent dollars of our small business, diverse, and veteran-owned supplier 
procurement spend is provided below.
Year End December 31
2019 2020
Percentage of small business, diverse, and veteran-owned supplier procurement 
spend vs. total supplier procurement spend(a)(b)  31 %  41 %
Small business, diverse, and veteran-owned supplier spend (millions) $ 1,593 $ 1,675 
(a) Small businesses are defined as businesses that meet the numerical size standards as defined in the Small Business Size 
Regulations 13 CFR Part 121.  Diverse suppliers are defined as minority-owned business, woman-owned business, and 
indigenous-owned business.  Veteran-owned suppliers are business that are at least 51% owned by one or more veterans, 
who control and operate the business.  Based on supplier diversity status as of March 31, 2021, as classified by Dun & 
Bradstreet.
(b) Procurement spend is expenditures related to the purchase of goods and services under the purview of our Procurement 
department.  This excludes legal costs, benefit costs, payments to JV partners and intercompany payments, payments to 
customers, and other expenditures outside the scope of our Procurement department e.g., royalties, tax assessments, and 
permit fees.
Contractor Safety
We use a multi-faceted approach to foster a culture of safety among our service suppliers.  Our approach 
begins with our due diligence processes, described above.  Additional actions we undertake to integrate a 
culture of safety with our service suppliers include: 
• facility safety orientations;
• field, project, and desktop audits;
• job evaluations;
47

• training;
• benchmarking and safety statistical analysis; and
• safety inspector placement and training.
Our contractor safety statistics are shown in Section 7.2 Employee and Contractor Safety Statistics and 
Average Hours of Health, Safety, and Emergency Response Training of the Sustainability Report.
For more information, see our Contractor Environmental/Safety Manual at https://
www.kindermorgan.com/WWWKM/media/Documents/Contractor%20Safety%20Manual/
KMContractorSafetyManual.pdf.
Supplier Audits
We monitor our service suppliers’ environmental and safety performance through multiple audit 
programs.  We conduct both random and prioritized audits based on a supplier’s past performance and the 
amount of risk the project presents.  Our field audits follow our Field Audit Network process, which 
describes the steps for preparing for the audit, conducting the audit, and uploading the findings and 
recommendations to our internal tracking systems.  Audits are completed by our internal auditors or by 
third-party auditors.
In addition to our regular service supplier audits, we maintain other risk-specific supplier audits such as 
audits for asbestos remediation contractors and waste treatment, storage, disposal, and recycling facilities.
Our supplier monitoring statistics are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Service supplier monitoring(a)
Percentage of service suppliers subject to performance audits  100 %  100 %  100 %
Number of service suppliers audited(b) 172 248 569
Percentage of service suppliers audited(b)  5 %  7 %  17 %
(a) Includes field and desktop audits.  
(b) Includes active medium and high-risk service suppliers.  Audits are generally not performed for inactive, low-risk, or 
minimal-risk service suppliers. 
The increase in service supplier audits from 2019 to 2020 is due to an increased number of desktop audits 
as a result of COVID-19 protocols limiting the number of in-person field audits.  We anticipate the overall 
number of service supplier audits to remain steady in the future, with desktop audits continuing to make 
up the greatest percentage of our audits due to efficiency.
48

9.0 Waste Management 
(SASB Refining & Marketing EM-RM-150a.1, GRI 306-2, GRI 306-3)
We are committed to managing our hazardous and non-hazardous waste through multiple strategies for 
both environmental and economic benefits.  Our routine business operations generate various types of 
waste including:
• municipal waste, 
• non-hazardous industrial waste, 
• construction and demolition debris,
• exempt oil and gas exploration and production waste, and
• hazardous liquid and solid waste.
Our employees receive position-relevant training about:
• products we handle and use;
• safe practices for working with hazardous waste;
• site-specific emergency plans;
• spill prevention, control, and countermeasure plans; and
• documentation methods.
We seek to reduce the amount of waste generated throughout our operations by:
• reducing sources of waste,
• substituting less-hazardous or non-hazardous products, and 
• reusing materials.
Hazardous Materials Management
Hazardous waste that cannot be reduced or reused is shipped to permitted facilities for recycling, energy 
recovery, treatment to remove the hazardous constituents, or disposal.  We profile, manage, and track our 
hazardous waste.  By tracking hazardous waste from generation to disposal, we reduce the likelihood of 
environmental impacts and potential long-term liabilities.  We use software to track and internally report 
the amount of hazardous waste generated and recycled as well as third-party transportation, treatment, and 
disposal details.
  
The amount of hazardous waste generated and the percentage recycled are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In metric tons, except percentages)
Amount of hazardous waste generated(a)
Natural Gas Pipelines 123 461 77
CO2(b) 0 0 0
Terminals 2,324 4,334 3,671
Products Pipelines 2,742 5,047 2,908
Corporate 14 46 6
Total 5,203 9,888 6,662
49

Percentage recycled(c)
Natural Gas Pipelines  3 %  29 %  35 %
CO2 —  0 % —
Terminals  37 %  45 %  37 %
Products Pipelines  77 %  67 %  79 %
Corporate  87 %  36 %  73 %
Total  57 %  55 %  55 %
(a) These values are as of July 2021 for 2020 data and as of September 2020 for 2018 and 2019 data.  They exclude universal 
hazardous waste and hazardous waste generated within Canada and Mexico.  Hazardous waste weights are reported in the 
year the waste was shipped.
(b) The hazardous waste generated for the CO2 business segment was less than half of a metric ton in 2019 and zero in 2018 
and 2020.
(c) Hazardous waste recycled from U.S. operations includes shipments with the reclamation and recovery handling type and 
the handling codes H010, H020, H039, H050, and H061. 
Due to the uneven nature of hazardous waste generation in our operations, there can be large changes in 
the amount of hazardous waste generated and recycled year-over-year.  The primary factors that can affect 
waste generation during a given year include the number of construction, remediation, and maintenance 
activities. 
Non-Hazardous Waste Management - Business Waste Recycling
Our efforts to reduce non-hazardous waste include business waste recycling programs in our Houston 
headquarters building and educating our employees about recycling opportunities.  The recycling program 
at our Houston headquarters is a single-stream program that includes office paper, cardboard, glass, 
plastic, and aluminum.  We also send our retired or unused IT equipment, company-wide, to third-party 
companies who break down the equipment into materials that can be recycled.
The amount of recycled business waste from our Houston headquarters is provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In tons)
Recycled aluminum, cardboard, glass, paper, and plastic 155 119 46
The decrease in recycled business waste from our Houston headquarters from 2019 to 2020 resulted from 
a decrease in waste produced and recycled due to reduced office occupancy resulting from COVID-19-
related work-from-home protocols.
Chemical Management  
As part of Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act Tier II reporting, we maintain an 
inventory of hazardous chemicals stored at our facilities.  Our facilities that exceed reporting thresholds 
submit annual reports documenting the quantity and type of hazardous material on site.  These reports help 
agencies such as local fire departments, local emergency planning committees, and state emergency 
response commissions prepare for chemical emergencies.  More information about how we work with first 
responders to prepare for emergencies is detailed in Section 12.3 Business Continuity Planning and 
Emergency Preparedness of the Sustainability Report.
50

10.0 Competitive Behavior 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-520a.1)
Our policies prohibit improper conduct that is intended to impede competition, eliminate a competitor, or 
control prices or services in a market.  We strive to compete fairly and honestly in each phase of our 
business and to conduct our operations in compliance with applicable federal, state, provincial, and 
foreign antitrust laws. 
Some of our U.S. natural gas, refined petroleum products, and crude oil transmission pipelines are subject 
to regulation by the FERC under the NGA or ICA.  Both the NGA and ICA require that we maintain 
tariffs on file with the FERC.  Those tariffs set forth the rates we charge for providing transportation and 
storage services on our FERC-regulated pipelines, as well as the rules and regulations governing these 
services. 
Our Mexico assets are regulated by various Mexican regulatory agencies and operate under a permit that 
establishes certain conditions and specifications, including for maintenance, safety, and economics. 
For more information, see our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics at https://www.kindermorgan.com/
WWWKM/media/Documents/Governance/KM_Code_of_Business_Conduct_and_Ethics.pdf.
Our monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with federal pipeline and storage, rate, 
access, and pricing regulations are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In millions)
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with federal pipeline and storage, rate, 
access, and pricing regulations(a)
Natural Gas Pipelines $ 0 $ 19.5 $ 1.3 
Products Pipelines 0 0 0
Terminals 0 0 0
CO2 0 0 0
Kinder Morgan Canada(b) 0 — —
Total $ 0 $ 19.5 $ 1.3 
(a) Excludes legal fees, includes the amount of fines or settlements associated with the enforcement of federal pipeline and 
storage regulations, including those related to rates, pipeline access, price gouging, or price fixing, enacted by the FERC, 
U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, U.S. Federal Trade Commission, CER, Mexico Energy Regulatory 
Commission, or civil actions (e.g., civil judgment, settlements, or regulatory penalties), or criminal actions (e.g., criminal 
judgment, penalties, or restitutions) asserted by an entity, whether a regulatory agency, business, or individual.  Excludes 
FERC rate settlements.
(b) On August 31, 2018, the assets comprising the Kinder Morgan Canada business segment were sold, so this segment does 
not have results of operations on a prospective basis.
The settlements paid in 2019 and 2020 were for matters that were alleged to have occurred more than a 
decade prior to our ownership and control of El Paso Corporation and El Paso Marketing L.P.  Beginning 
in 2003, several lawsuits were filed by purchasers of natural gas against El Paso Corporation, El Paso 
Marketing L.P., and numerous other energy companies.  The purchasers claimed the energy companies 
conspired to manipulate the price of natural gas by providing false price information to industry trade 
publications that published gas indices.  These cases have been settled or dismissed.  The payment made 
51

in 2020 was for a contractual true-up claim arising from the previous El Paso Corporation and El Paso 
Marketing L.P. settlement.
11.0 Prevention of Corruption and Bribery throughout the Value Chain 
(SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-510a.2, GRI 205-2, GRI 206-1)
Our policies prohibit us and our employees from engaging in corrupt practices and provide guidelines on 
acceptable behavior.  Our employees, directors, agents, contractors, business partners, and third-party 
representatives are prohibited from giving or accepting bribes, kickbacks, or other improper payments in 
conjunction with our business.  While the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act contains a narrow exception 
that allows for small-dollar facilitation payments to be made to a foreign official in order to expedite 
routine governmental actions that are non-discretionary in nature, our policies do not allow facilitation 
payments of any kind. 
As part of our management system for preventing corruption and bribery, our internal controls require that 
transactions be: 
• accurately described with an explanation of the purpose of the transaction;
• sufficiently supported by documentation; and
• appropriately approved by the required level of management, based on the dollar value of the 
transaction, prior to entering into a commitment and again before processing for payment. 
Additionally, we have internal controls for adding payees to our accounting system and for approving 
payments to vendors.  Our controls require review and approval by one or more individual(s) a level 
higher in our accounting system reporting chain than the person requesting the new payee or payment. 
The amount of legal or regulatory fines, settlements, or penalties associated with bribery and corruption is 
provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Legal or regulatory fines, settlements, or penalties associated 
with bribery and corruption $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 
For more information, see our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics at https://www.kindermorgan.com/
WWWKM/media/Documents/Governance/KM_Code_of_Business_Conduct_and_Ethics.pdf.
12.0 Operational Safety 
12.1 Asset Integrity Management 
We work to provide safe, reliable, and efficient system operations.  Through our OMS, our employees 
comprehensively assess operational risks related to our assets.  We develop programs, policies, and 
procedures to address those risks.  Our primary tools for maintaining safe operations include our asset 
integrity management programs.
52

Pipelines and Liquids Terminals
We use state-of-the-art technology for maintenance and integrity testing at our transmission pipelines and 
facilities and liquids terminals facilities.  We conduct activities to monitor the integrity of our transmission 
pipelines and facilities and liquids terminals, including: 
• monitoring transmission pipelines and liquids terminals 24 hours a day, seven days a week by 
trained personnel using SCADA computer systems;
• visually inspecting pipeline rights-of-way by air and/or ground on a regular basis; 
• performing internal transmission pipeline inspections periodically using smart pigs;
• using cathodic protection to protect our pipelines, storage tanks, and storage wells from external 
corrosion;
• using our public awareness program, described in Section 16.1.1.1 Public Awareness Program of 
the Sustainability Report, to communicate with stakeholders in an effort to prevent third-party 
damage to our pipelines;
• participating in the Pipeline Safety Management Systems Group to share best practices for safe 
operations;
• working to develop and improve our business processes, operations procedures, and risk and 
opportunity assessments;
• maintaining well-defined roles and responsibilities;
• providing employee training; and 
• executing quality assurance programs such as third-party audits and application of performance 
metrics.
More information on how we use smart pigs as part of our integrity management program can be found on 
our Maintaining our pipelines’ integrity through in-line inspections case study video and fact sheet at 
https://www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-Environment/ESG#tabs-case_studies.
Underground Natural Gas Storage Facilities
We maintain risk management programs and monitoring systems for well and reservoir integrity and 
deliverability at each of our underground natural gas storage facilities.  Our operations and maintenance 
procedures are subject to periodic inspections and audits by regulators and our own internal auditors that 
are independent of the business segments.  We have procedures in place to meet or exceed regulations to 
maintain the safety and reliability of our underground natural gas storage facilities over the long term.
12.2 Damage Prevention 
Because one of our greatest operational risks is third-party line strikes, we actively support organizations 
whose mission is to promote safe digging, including:
• CGA - we are a platinum-level sponsor and regularly promote CGA’s message to “call 811 before 
you dig” on our website and social media channels;
• Pipeline Ag Safety Alliance - a member-driven organization whose mission is to prevent damage to 
buried pipelines through education and improved communication with agricultural communities;
• Gold Shovel Standard - a nonprofit organization committed to improving workplace safety, public 
safety, and buried infrastructure integrity through greater transparency among buried-asset 
operators, locators, and excavators to drive continuous improvement in damage prevention;
• Drain Tile Safety Coalition - a nonprofit coalition sponsored by pipeline and utility operators and 
One Call Centers committed to improving drain tile safety and preventing accidents involving 
underground infrastructure; and
• Area Damage Prevention Councils, State One Call Centers, and One Call Boards in the states 
where we operate.
53

12.3 Business Continuity Planning and Emergency Preparedness 
Our ability to respond quickly in an emergency is part of our commitment to the safety of the communities 
in which we operate and our commercial obligations to customers.  Our business continuity plans cover 
the preparation for and the recovery of functions to address potential business or supply chain disruptions.  
To manage the associated risk, we work to continuously improve:
• our planning prior to events; 
• procedures for safely responding to, and managing disruptions;
• our ability to quickly recover and assume normal operations; and
• engineering controls to prevent or limit business interruptions.
We maintain site-specific emergency response plans and protocols for communicating with external 
stakeholders that include notifications to regulatory agencies and actions to respond quickly and 
efficiently in an emergency.  Our corporate Crisis Support Team augments our business segments’ 
existing emergency response procedures and capabilities with additional resources as needed.  We monitor 
events that present risks to our assets by utilizing GIS platforms and other tools to identify potential 
operational disruptions.  We provide certain employees and contractors with emergency response training.  
Our emergency response personnel are trained to use the National Incident Management System Incident 
Command System and to respond to emergencies by:
• securing the safety of the public, our employees, and the environment;
• promptly notifying governmental response organizations and agencies;
• engaging with the local utility provider;
• managing the emergency;
• coordinating response activities; and 
• restoring service.  
Pandemic Preparedness
Since 2006, we have had a Pandemic Preparedness Committee and Pandemic Preparedness Plan to plan, 
reduce risk, and mitigate impacts to employees and critical business functions.  Our Pandemic 
Preparedness Committee, which consists of leaders across our business segments and corporate functions, 
is charged with determining the appropriate planning and response measures should a pandemic occur.  
The Pandemic Preparedness Committee has regularly scheduled meetings to evaluate conditions and 
potential events presenting risk to our operations.  During a pandemic, our priorities are to protect our 
employees and their families, and to keep our critical infrastructure businesses running.
Pandemic planning assumptions and recommendations are included as part of our business continuity and 
business segment asset planning and preparedness.  Our Pandemic Preparedness Plan follows guidance set 
forth by the following organizations:
• World Health Organization,
• Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,
• U.S. Food and Drug Administration,
• OSHA,
• API,
• state and local health agencies, and
• other governmental regulatory agencies.
Our Pandemic Preparedness Plan has been designed to enhance existing business continuity planning and 
to be scalable with various phases of a pandemic event.  At each phase of a pandemic we review and 
54

incorporate applicable lessons learned.  Using the corporate plan as a baseline, each business segment 
develops and maintains plans addressing operational risk associated with their specific assets during a 
pandemic. 
Based on the size and scope of an event, our Crisis Support Team works with our business segments and 
corporate functions to implement a standardized pandemic tracking process.  Functional areas report back 
to the Crisis Support Team, giving us the ability to detect abnormal clusters of pandemic-like illness to 
better identify potential risk areas and take corrective actions.
In order to prevent the spread of disease during a pandemic, certain non-medical interventions are 
implemented, such as: 
• monitoring federal, state, and local pandemic-related guidelines;
• educating our employees with the latest CDC guidance;
• having our office-based employees work remotely;
• providing return to the office safety guidelines and protocols to remote employees prior to their 
return; 
• communicating proper hygiene etiquette, such as hand washing;
• enhancing our workplace cleaning procedures and protocols; 
• establishing a secure supply chain to provide the necessary PPE to our workforce;
• complying with international testing requirements for employees that travel internationally to 
maintain our assets;
• establishing testing programs for early detection, contact tracing, and mitigation;
• hosting on-site vaccine distribution clinics;
• promoting social distancing and workforce modifications; 
• isolating employees that perform critical work tasks and job functions; and
• raising employee awareness through communications prepared by our Crisis Support Team and 
approved by our Pandemic Preparedness Committee.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, our Pandemic Preparedness Plan allowed us to adapt to the changing 
circumstances of the pandemic.  The Plan was used to help limit our employees’ exposure to the virus 
while continuing to provide uninterrupted operations of our assets.  We engaged with peer companies and 
other organizations to consider their pandemic preparedness activities and to share best practices.  We 
protected the compensation of our employees who were required to quarantine until vaccines became 
widely available.  We implemented a testing program for our essential workers at our strategic operational 
assets and conducted over 11,000 COVID-19 tests for our employees.  Many of our office-based 
employees successfully worked from home during the pandemic, and during that time, we were able to 
achieve many company-related accomplishments, such as a company reorganization and the start-up of the 
PHP. 
First Responder Joint Exercises
To better prepare personnel and practice our emergency response, we regularly conduct joint mock 
emergency exercises with first responders.  By conducting these exercises, employees and emergency 
responders are not only able to test their equipment, personnel, and procedures, but also to meet and work 
together face-to-face prior to an actual emergency.
Example drill scenarios include, among others, the following:
• pipeline releases;
• line strikes;
• tank failures;
55

• well blowouts;
• loss of communications;
• severe weather events,.e.g., hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, and blizzards;
• wildfires; 
• security incidents, including physical or cyber-attacks;
• pipeline explosions; 
• third-party train derailments; and
• events that test our ability to maintain business continuity within our corporate functions.
Natural Disaster Preparedness and Response
As part of our commitment to emergency preparedness, we plan for and have established procedures for 
responding to a wide variety of natural disasters.  We maintain hazard identification and risk assessments 
for our transmission pipelines.  The purpose of these risk assessments is to identify potential risks and 
natural disaster scenarios and develop response plans.  This planning involves local response officials, 
other operators and their facilities, and land and right-of-way personnel.
We use a variety of tools to forecast and monitor weather-related events, including:
• weather event and tide level monitoring through: 
◦ third-party meteorological services,
◦ local and national weather and news feeds, and
◦ internal and external situational reports specific to impacted areas;
• GIS mapping of real-time situational data overlaid on our asset maps; 
• internal communication processes to provide situational updates to affected personnel, 
management, and executives as events unfold;
• annual testing of backup work locations that support critical business functions in the event of 
natural disasters by checking:
◦ day-to-day communications capabilities,
◦ infrastructure readiness,
◦ awareness of the potential for natural events and risks,
◦ accuracy of the disaster response and business continuity plans, and 
◦ training completions.
When our assets are threatened by a potential hazard, such as a hurricane, we monitor the event and 
location based on the threat level and forecasted storm paths in relation to our assets.  Situation-specific 
communications are sent to key personnel at potentially affected facilities and in related corporate 
functions.  These communications provide daily event updates for assets that may be impacted and include 
notifications tied to our disaster preparedness and response procedures.  Using GIS technology, we 
monitor forecasted paths and impact areas.  Our internal GIS platform also allows us to analyze location-
specific data, including local supply chain resources that are useful in supporting effective responses. 
Emergency Response
We maintain an emergency response notification system to inform internal support personnel and enable 
efficient communication and decision-making in responding to emergency events.  Our process is 
designed to facilitate real-time communication of emergency events to our personnel with incident 
response or reporting responsibilities.  Our process allows for more timely, effective, and efficient 
responses in emergency situations and reporting to regulatory agencies.
During an emergency, we seek to respond effectively, contain the situation, and restore customer services 
as soon as possible.  We seek to provide for the well-being and safety of our employees, first responders, 
56

the public, and the environment.  We practice a disciplined, competent, and proactive approach when an 
event occurs.  We maintain backup control centers in different parts of the country so we can relocate our 
critical control room personnel and maintain operations during emergencies.  
Once the event has passed, a final notification is sent to the distribution list of personnel notifying them to 
begin the demobilization process and gather information for the lessons learned phase.  We have 
procedures to determine and document lessons learned so that risk assessments are updated and 
performance improvements are tracked and completed. 
Emergency Response Support
To support our ability to operate under various conditions, we have developed and maintain a reliable 
supply chain.  For planning prior to an emergency, we maintain response and support capabilities to 
provide additional resources to supplement those of our potentially affected local operations.  Our supply 
chain management personnel maintain lists of emergency response contractors, materials and supplies 
vendors, and transportation and fuel sources.  We also maintain a database of our emergency response 
equipment.  We have procedures in place to raise spending limits for affected personnel, to assist affected 
employees, and to increase security resources.
12.4 Reportable Pipeline Incidents 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-540a.1)
One of our primary goals is to prevent pipeline incidents.  Should an incident occur, we investigate the 
causes and contributing factors in an effort to prevent similar incidents going forward.  Despite our 
prevention efforts, incidents occurred in the reporting period.  
The number of reportable pipeline incidents, number of significant reportable pipeline incidents, and 
percentage of reportable pipeline incidents that are significant are provided below.
Number of reportable pipeline incidents(a)(b)(c)
Natural Gas Pipelines 22 27 18
Products Pipelines 13 12 16
Terminals 13 16 16
CO2 5 5 5
Kinder Morgan Canada(d) 0 — —
Total 53 60 55
Number of significant reportable pipeline incidents(c)(e)
Natural Gas Pipelines 9 14 15
Products Pipelines 7 4 5
Terminals 5 5 3
CO2 2 1 2
Kinder Morgan Canada(d) 0 — —
Total 23 24 25
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
57

Percentage of reportable pipeline incidents that are significant
Natural Gas Pipelines  41 %  52 %  83 %
Products Pipelines  54 %  33 %  31 %
Terminals  38 %  31 %  19 %
CO2  40 %  20 %  40 %
Kinder Morgan Canada(d)  0 % — —
Total  43 %  40 %  45 %
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(a) Reportable hazardous liquid pipeline incidents include explosions or fires not intentionally set by the operator, releases of 
five gallons or more (excluding releases of less than five bbl associated with pipeline maintenance activities), a fatality, an 
injury necessitating hospitalization, or estimated property damage, including cost of clean-up and recovery, value of lost 
product, and damage to the property of the operator or others, or both, exceeding $50,000. 
(b) Reportable gas gathering, transmission, storage, and distribution incidents include: i) an event that involves a release of gas 
from a pipeline, liquified natural gas, liquefied petroleum gas, refrigerant gas, or gas from an LNG facility, and that results 
in one or more of the following consequences: death or personal injury necessitating in-patient hospitalization; estimated 
property damage of $50,000 or more, including loss to the operator and others, or both, but excluding cost of gas lost; or 
unintentional estimated gas loss of three million ft3 or more; ii) an event that results in an emergency shutdown of an LNG 
facility.  Activation of an emergency shutdown system for reasons other than an actual emergency does not constitute an 
incident; iii) an event that is significant in the judgment of the operator, even though it did not meet the criteria of the above 
paragraphs of this definition.
(c) The number of pipeline incidents and significant incidents reported for 2018, 2019, and 2020 uses data as of July 2019, 
February 2020, and March 2021, respectively.
(d) On August 31, 2018, the assets comprising the Kinder Morgan Canada business segment were sold, so this segment does 
not have results of operations on a prospective basis.
(e) Significant reportable pipeline incidents are defined as an incident that includes one of the following conditions: a liquid 
release volume greater than or equal to 50 bbl, a highly volatile liquid release greater than five bbl, a fatality, an injury 
necessitating hospitalization, liquid releases resulting in a fire or explosion, or total cost that exceeds $50,000 in 1984 
dollars.  For 2018, 2019, and 2020, the thresholds in 1984 dollars are $104,659, $106,762, and $108,926, respectively.  For 
highly volatile liquid and CO2 releases, PHMSA combines the unintentional and intentional release volumes to determine if 
the incident meets the significant liquid release threshold.
In each year presented above, the most frequent reason that reported incidents were categorized as 
significant was due to total incident costs exceeding the monetary threshold of $50,000 in 1984 dollars, or 
$108,926 for 2020.
12.5 Natural Gas and Hazardous Liquid Pipelines Inspection 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-540a.2)
We aim for safe operations and zero pipeline incidents.  As described in Sections 2.2 Management System 
and 12.1 Asset Integrity Management of the Sustainability Report, we use risk management programs and 
state-of-the-art technology for maintenance and integrity testing at our transmission pipelines and facilities 
and liquids terminals facilities.  We work to meet or exceed the regulatory requirements for testing and 
inspecting our pipelines, find opportunities to improve, and apply sound integrity management principles 
and technologies.  
The number of inspections we make varies from year to year depending on our annual integrity program 
requirements.
58

The percentage of natural gas pipelines and hazardous liquid pipelines inspected through ILIs, pressure 
tests, direct assessments, or other technologies are provided below.
Percentage of natural gas pipelines inspected(a)(b)  14 %  19 %  20 %
Percentage of hazardous liquid pipelines inspected(a)(b)(c)  18 %  27 %  28 %
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(a)   For segments of pipe that are inspected more than once for the same types of anomalies during the same calendar year, the 
mileage inspected used in this calculation is counted once.  In some limited instances where multiple inspections for 
different types of anomalies are conducted on the same segment in the same year, the mileage for each inspection is 
counted separately.
(b)  The GIS pipeline mileage used to calculate the percentage of natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines inspected is as of 
the first quarter of 2021.
(c) Includes pipeline inspection data from TMPL, Puget Sound pipeline system, and Kinder Morgan Canada Inc. up to the sale 
date of August 31, 2018 and the U.S portion of the Cochin Pipeline and KML up to the sale date of December 16, 2019.
From 2018 through 2020, over 32,500 miles of our natural gas pipelines and 8,900 miles of hazardous 
liquid pipelines were assessed using ILIs, pressure testing, or direct assessments. 
12.6 Rail Transportation Operational Safety - Accident and Non-Accident Releases and FRA 
Recommended Violation Defects
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-540a.3, SASB Rail Transportation TR-RA-540a.2, SASB Rail Transportation 
TR-RA-540a.3)
We operate liquids and bulk products rail loading and unloading facilities across our Natural Gas 
Pipelines, Products Pipelines, and Terminals business segments.  We maintain business segment and site-
specific procedures for the safe, efficient, and compliant operation of the facilities and loading and/or 
unloading of rail cars. 
Release events from rail cars can fall into two categories.  Accident releases are those that result from 
derailment, collision, or other rail-related accidents.  Non-accident releases are those that occur when there 
is no derailment, collision, or other rail-related accidents.  
Accident and non-accident releases and alleged FRA recommended violation defects usually occur at rail 
yards not owned or operated by us, many of which are several hundred miles from our facility where a rail 
car was loaded or unloaded.  We may be listed as the shipper or carrier on the required reporting form, 
depending on our involvement in the shipping process.  In most cases, we do not own or transport the rail 
car, nor do we own the product contained within the rail cars.
Unintentional releases of hazardous material from rail cars can occur for many reasons, such as defective 
equipment, tampering, or human error.  If there is a release while we are in possession of the rail car, we 
employ the emergency response procedures that are described in Section 6.3 Hydrocarbon Spills of the 
Sustainability Report.
FRA recommended violation defects include matters such as loose bolts, valves, or plugs, defective safety 
equipment, such as gaskets or pins, and in some cases, vapor releases from loose equipment.  If a vapor 
release occurs at one of our facilities, it is promptly mitigated by personnel at our rail yards.  Any 
defective or loose equipment identified at our facilities is promptly corrected.
59

The number of accident releases and non-accident releases from rail transportation, where we were listed 
as the shipper or carrier on the required reporting form, and the number of FRA recommended violation 
defects are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Number of accident releases from rail transportation(a)(b)
Natural Gas Pipelines 0 0 0
Products Pipelines 0 0 0
Terminals 0 0 0
Total 0 0 0
Number of non-accident releases from rail 
transportation(a)(b)
Natural Gas Pipelines 0 0 0
Products Pipelines 0 0 0
Terminals 1 1 3
Total 1 1 3
Number of FRA recommended violation defects
Natural Gas Pipelines 0 0 0
Products Pipelines 0 0 3
Terminals 5 32 11
Total 5 32 14
(a) Non-accident and accident releases are defined using the reporting criteria in U.S. 49 CFR 171.16. 
(b) Includes releases where a Kinder Morgan entity is listed as a Shipper or Carrier on the DOT PHMSA Incident Report Form 
5800.1.
As shown in Appendix B – Activity Metrics, we loaded and unloaded approximately 1.3 million rail cars 
over the past three years.  The number of non-accident releases and FRA recommended violation defects 
reported during that time period involved less than 0.0004% and 0.004% of the rail cars processed, 
respectively. 
13.0 Management of Changes to the Legal and Regulatory Environment 
(SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-530a.1)
Our businesses are regulated by multiple government agencies, including the EPA, PHMSA, CER, ASEA, 
OSHA, USCG, and other federal, state, provincial, and local agencies.  To identify, assess, and manage 
new ESG regulatory risks and opportunities, we maintain a process for identifying, communicating, and 
verifying compliance with changes in applicable regulatory requirements.  Dedicated internal regulatory 
personnel work with internal and third-party subject matter specialists, industry trade groups, and agency 
personnel to identify changes in the following topics that may affect our operations:
• environmental, personal safety, process safety, and pipeline safety regulatory requirements, 
interpretations, and guidance;
• industry codes and standards; and
• external incident reports, including: 
◦ U.S. National Transportation Safety Board and Chemical Safety Board incident 
investigations,
◦ CER and PHMSA advisory bulletins and failure reports, and 
◦ ASEA reports.
60

We distribute a monthly regulatory update to internal personnel with compliance roles and responsibilities.  
This update includes both proposed and final published rules.  Our compliance personnel assess the 
potential impact of proposed rules across our business segments.  Personnel from our business segments 
discuss and coordinate potential compliance approaches and evaluate which proposed requirements 
warrant providing our feedback to a proposing agency.  
In the U.S., we engage with policy makers from both major political parties at the federal, state, and local 
levels.  We generally advocate for fair and transparent policies that are practical, economical, and have a 
positive benefit to our stakeholders and customers.  The focus of our engagement is on policy that impacts 
our business including, but not limited to, pipeline safety policies, environmental and safety regulations, 
methane regulation, cybersecurity policies, and corporate taxation.  We also engage in and support 
incentives that could help advance the use of CCUS, RNG, renewable diesel, and hydrogen.
We comment on the formulation of legislative and regulatory policies at the federal, state, provincial, and 
local levels at times as an individual company but, more often, through trade associations.  These trade 
associations primarily include INGAA, AOPL, and the International Liquids Terminals Association.  We 
prefer that the trade associations and other business organizations with which we work take positions, such 
as those related to climate change, that are consistent with our own.  We recognize that this may not 
always be possible due to the variety of companies and other stakeholders that work with these 
organizations.  However, we continue to work with these groups to develop solutions and find common 
ground on issues that are relevant to our industry.
In 2020, our trade associations with dues in excess of $50,000 included:
• American Gas Association,
• Association of Oil Pipe Lines,
• Common Ground Alliance,
• GPA Midstream,
• Independent Fuel Terminals Operators Association,
• Interstate Natural Gas Association of America,
• Pipeline Research Council International,
• Texas Oil and Gas Association, and
• Texas Pipeline Association.
In 2020, our employees served on the board of directors for the following trade associations:
• Common Ground Alliance,
• Drain Tile Safety Coalition,
• Energy Infrastructure Council,
• GPA Midstream,
• International Liquid Terminals Association,
• Interstate Natural Gas Association of America,
• Southern Gas Association, and
• Texas Oil and Gas Association.
Our Board oversees our participation in national trade associations through periodic reports by our COO 
to our Board’s EHS Committee.  
We generally find that it is most effective to take a collaborative approach in identifying and addressing 
proposed regulatory changes related to our assets and operations.  We often share data with industry 
groups and regulatory agencies and engage in discussions with both about potential regulatory changes 
61

and compliance strategies.  When we have confidence in the likely final form of a proposed regulation and 
determine that our compliance with the proposed regulation may require substantial upfront work, we may 
start making preparations for compliance prior to a regulation being finalized.
We track applicable final regulations, interpretations, and guidance in our internal database.  Using the 
database, business segment and corporate compliance professionals verify that they have reviewed the 
updated regulations, interpretations, and guidance that may impact their business and completed the 
necessary compliance activities.  The COO and business segment COOs review progress quarterly.  The 
COO briefs our Board’s EHS Committee on the most significant proposed and final regulatory changes, 
any comments we have provided on proposed regulations, and any resulting compliance activities.
The number of new regulations, interpretations, and guidance for proposed and final regulations impacting 
our business segments is provided below. 
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
Number of new regulations, interpretations, and guidance
Proposed 1,301 1,296 1,646
Final 501 505 518
Total 1,802 1,801 2,164
13.1 Political Contributions and Lobbying Expenses 
(GRI 415-1)
As outlined in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, it is our policy to not sponsor employee-funded 
political action committees nor make contributions to political parties or candidates for public office.  This 
policy extends to 527 groups, 501(c)(4) groups, and independent political spending.
Contributions we make toward ballot measures, lobbying or lobbying groups, and trade associations are 
intended to promote the interests of our company and its shareholders and are made without regard to the 
private political preferences of our executives.  Any lobbying expenditures, including by trade 
associations, are limited to expenses related to advocating on matters of public policy and are not made to 
political campaigns, candidates, or political parties.  Our CEO, President or General Counsel signs off on 
and oversees any contributions made toward ballot measures, lobbying, or lobbying groups.
We encourage employees, contractors, and others affiliated with us to vote and keep informed on political 
matters and to support, with their own funds and on their own time, the candidates, or parties of their 
choice.  Employees may not use Company funds to contribute to political parties or candidates for public 
office.  We also encourage and support employees who take a role in community affairs in accordance 
with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
While we made no contributions to political campaigns, candidates, or parties, the payments we made to 
lobbyists or lobbying organizations, our trade associations dues, the portion of our trade association dues 
attributed to lobbying, and payments made in relation to ballot measures are provided below. 
62

Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In thousands)
Contributions to political campaigns, candidates, and parties $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 
Payments to lobbying organizations(a)  575  265  197 
Trade association dues(b)  2,502  2,523  2,680 
Non-deductible portion of trade association dues attributed to 
lobbying and political expenditures  180  225  212 
Payments made in relation to ballot measures(c) $ 10 $ 0 $ 0 
(a) Exclude payments to lobbying groups made through TMPL, Puget Sound pipeline system, and Kinder Morgan Canada 
business segment sold on August 31, 2018.  These are not payments for political expenditures.
(b) Includes trade associations where our dues were greater than $25,000 for the calendar year.  Excludes Canadian trade 
associations related to our divested assets. 
(c) The 2018 payment was made to a 501(c)(4) organization, Protect Colorado. 
13.2 Tax Transparency 
(GRI 201-1, GRI 201-4, GRI 207-1)
We are committed to complying with tax laws, as well as following the spirit of those laws, in the 
countries in which we operate.  In line with our core values of integrity and accountability and our Code of 
Business Conduct and Ethics, we are committed to managing our tax affairs by applying responsible tax 
practices and acting transparently.  Driven by large depreciation expenses, partially created by bonus 
depreciation for capital expenditures, we have generated taxable losses for the past several years.  Given 
the large investments we made in prior years, we now have a large federal net operating loss balance, 
which can be used to offset taxable income.  Additionally, we monetized certain minimum tax credits on 
our 2016 and 2017 tax returns, related to a previous overpayment of federal income taxes, that resulted in 
refunds received in 2018 and 2020.  
Income taxes paid by country and royalties and duties paid are provided below.
Income taxes paid(a)(b)
U.S. Federal $ (149) $ (1) $ (20) 
U.S. State 26 4 6
Canada 11 360 236
Mexico 3 8 5
Brazil 0 1 0
Total income taxes paid, net (109) 372 227
Royalties and duties paid(c)
Natural Gas Pipelines 1 0 1
Products Pipelines 0 0 0
Terminals 0 0 0
CO2 71 70 46
Total $ 72 $ 70 $ 47 
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In millions)
63

(a)  We do not have current operations in Brazil, the Cayman Islands, Scotland, or the Netherlands.  There were no taxes paid in 
the Cayman Islands, Scotland, or the Netherlands in 2018, 2019, or 2020.  The entities in Brazil and the Cayman Islands 
are from legacy acquisitions and we are working to close these entities.  
(b)  Negative amounts indicate a refund was received.
(c)  Royalties and duties paid do not include property taxes paid to government agencies. 
The Canada tax payments in 2019 and 2020 represent the income tax impact of gains recognized on the 
sales of our Canadian pipelines and terminals.  Post-sale, we have minimal active operations in Canada 
and expect to have no material tax liability in future years. 
We do not have a presence in countries that are considered as partially compliant or non-compliant with 
the exchange of information request standard according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development tax transparency report.  Additionally, the countries to which we pay taxes are members 
of the Global Forum on Transparency and Exchange of Information for Tax Purposes.
We also provide extensive tax information in our 2020 Form 10-K, which can be found at https://
s24.q4cdn.com/126708163/files/doc_financials/2020/ar/KMI-2020-10K-Final-as-Filed.pdf.
14.0 Data Security 
(SASB Services SV-PS-230a.1)
We employ a comprehensive strategy for identifying and addressing data security risks that is aligned with 
the U.S. Commerce Department’s National Institute of Standards and Technology Framework for 
Improving Critical Infrastructure Cybersecurity.  This framework outlines standards and practices to 
promote the protection of critical infrastructure.  The framework is overseen by third-party experts who 
provide guidelines on how to manage supply chain cybersecurity.  Our strategy includes both short- and 
long-term initiatives to increase the security surrounding our assets and is supplemented using third-party 
threat monitoring, rigorous security protocols, and government partnerships. 
We are committed to protecting sensitive information and have a dedicated cybersecurity group within our 
IT department.  This group:
• reports quarterly to senior management including the CEO, President, CFO, COO, Chief 
Administrative Officer, Chief Information Officer, General Counsel, business segment Presidents, 
and Corporate Security; 
• prepares management briefings that include company-wide cybersecurity status and initiatives; and
• provides a forum for discussing data security risk solutions and formulating action plans.
We have a Cyber Incident Response Plan designed to identify, contain, and eradicate threats.  If needed, 
the plan includes recovery steps to bring our systems back online.  Additionally, the plan requires that the 
appropriate level of our management be made aware of incidents and be updated as the situation warrants.
Our Board’s Audit Committee is briefed quarterly on cybersecurity risk and our cybersecurity 
management program and initiatives.
We have made investments to address data security risks through:
• continuous third-party security monitoring of our network perimeters, 
• advanced persistent threat group monitoring to keep informed of emerging serious threats,
• standardization of network security architecture which separates business and SCADA networks, 
and
64

• Security Information and Event Management software systems.
Our critical business systems are fully redundant and are backed-up at separate locations.  Separate 
business and SCADA networks allow for isolation of potential threats and enhances the security of these 
systems.  The Security Information and Event Management software systems correlate security events and 
aggregate security-related incident data, such as malware activity and other possible malicious activities.  
This program sends alerts if the data analysis shows that an activity could be a potential security issue.
On an annual basis, we hire an independent third party to perform penetration testing.  The third-party 
checks for vulnerabilities on our external and internal network perimeters, such as our website and our 
internal network and sites.  If vulnerabilities are found, corrective actions are implemented to prioritize 
and remediate any issues.
We engage with a wide variety of government and industry groups to enable cross-sharing and to identify 
opportunities to improve our security, including:
• active participation in IT Sector Coordinating Councils; and
• attendance at classified briefings hosted by the: 
◦ DOE, 
◦ Federal Bureau of Investigation, and
◦ Department of Homeland Security.
Partnership with these security agencies provides us with intelligence on a wide range of critical 
infrastructure protection and cybersecurity activities and issues.
Security functionality is continuously monitored by our network operations center, which:
• monitors critical SCADA systems and telecommunications circuits, 
• communicates directly with control centers, 
• assigns support staff and management, and 
• monitors environmental systems.
We maintain a dedicated SCADA group within our IT department to evaluate and respond to significant 
events and incidents that may impact our operations and deploy anti-virus solutions on SCADA devices.  
The SCADA systems and workstations within our data centers and control centers have anti-virus 
coverage.
Employees are required to take annual cyber and physical security training.  This training is designed to 
help employees guard our cyber and physical data.  The key objectives of the training are to teach 
employees how to: 
• recognize the difference between phishing and spear phishing,
• spot the common types of phishing emails,
• understand the key concepts for safely browsing the internet, 
• identify physical risks to the security of our data, and
• report suspicious emails to the proper channels.
We also employ a program to test our employees’ ability to identify phishing emails.  As part of this 
program, our IT department sends mock phishing emails to employees.  Employees who click the links in 
these emails are required to re-complete cyber and physical security training within 30 days.  If the 
employee repeatedly clicks on links within these emails, the matter may be escalated as a performance 
concern and may affect compensation.  Cybersecurity performance is also considered in annual employee 
65

performance reviews.  As positive reinforcement, our business segments compete against one another each 
quarter for the fewest clicks on links within phishing campaign emails.  An employee from the winning 
business segment is selected for a prize.   
In the event that data and network defenses were to be bypassed, we have the ability to sever 
communication between business networks and the internet and between SCADA and business networks.
15.0 Employee Relations 
15.1 Employees 
(SASB Investment Banking & Brokerage FN-IB-330a.1, Professional & Commercial Services SV-
PS-330a.2, GRI 401-1, GRI 405-1)
We use a strategic approach to building a diverse, inclusive, and respectful workplace.  Our HR 
department provides expertise and tools to attract, develop, and retain diverse talent and support our 
employees’ career and development goals.  We value our employees’ opinions and encourage them to 
engage with management and ask questions on topics such as our goals, challenges, and employee 
concerns.  Employees are encouraged to submit questions to our CEO and our President during our semi-
annual employee meetings, either before or during the meeting.  Although the semi-annual employee 
meetings have been suspended during the pandemic, our CEO and our President have maintained 
communication with our employees through regular emails and audio messages.  They also hold periodic 
video meetings with randomly selected manager- and director-level employees.
Employee Compensation
We link total compensation to our financial performance and to the attainment of our short-term and long-
term strategic, operational, and financial objectives.  We believe that an effective compensation program 
should reward employees for:
• advancing our business strategies;
• advancing the interests of our investors and other stakeholders;
• upholding and complying with our policies, including  contributing to a discrimination-free 
workplace;
• incentivizing compliance with our ESG policies, including our Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics and our EHS policies; and
• meeting our environmental, safety, and compliance targets.  
We are committed to paying a fair wage to our employees and our pay policies help establish a living 
wage.  Pay is based on a thorough analysis of the market, salaries of employees in similar jobs, and 
applicable laws.  We establish competitive pay rates with the external market and facilitate equitable pay 
internally for similar jobs.  Employee compensation includes competitive base salaries in the markets in 
which we operate and competitive benefits, including retirement plans, opportunities for annual bonuses, 
and, for eligible employees, long-term incentives, and an employee stock purchase plan.  In 2020, over 
95% of our employees were eligible for the employee stock purchase plan.  
Annual Incentive Plan
Our Annual Incentive Plan is designed to foster our executive officers’ and employees’ personal stake in 
our continued success through the possible payment of annual cash bonuses that are dependent on a 
combination of individual and company performance.  Under the Annual Incentive Plan, a pool of bonus 
dollars is budgeted at the beginning of each year for annual cash bonuses that may be paid to our 
66

executive officers and other employees, depending on the extent to which we meet certain financial 
performance objectives set at the beginning of the year by our Board’s Compensation Committee.  The 
Compensation Committee then establishes the final bonus pool based primarily on the extent to which the 
financial performance objectives are met.  The Compensation Committee may also adjust the budgeted 
pool of bonus dollars upward or downward based on our overall performance in other areas, including 
targets for safety and environmental incident rates, regulatory compliance, and other financial measures.
Employee Benefits
We offer a variety of benefits to eligible employees, their children, spouses, domestic partners, and the 
children of domestic partners.  These programs are described in more detail below:
• PTO: Our PTO program offers employees flexibility to schedule time away from work to handle 
personal and family commitments.  PTO hours may be used for various reasons, including but not 
limited to: short-term illnesses, vacations, bonding with a newborn or newly adopted or fostered 
child, or attending school functions.
• Parental leave: Short-term disability coverage is available to new mothers for the birth of a child.  
Eligible employees receive up to 100% pay based on years of service for six or eight weeks.  
• Flexible work schedules: Flexible starting and ending work times, and reduced schedules are 
options to help manage work/life balance.  
• Variable work schedules: The 9/80 work schedule gives employees the opportunity to have every 
other Friday off by adding an additional hour to eight of the nine workdays in the pay period.  
Half-day off workweeks provide the option to work nine hours each day Monday through 
Thursday and four hours on Friday of each week.  
• Hybrid work schedule: On a trial basis, eligible employees have the ability to participate in a work-
from-home pilot up to two days a week on non-core office days.
• Bereavement leave: Three days paid time off for the death of an immediate family member.
• Military leave: Actively serving employees are paid the difference between their KMI pay and 
their active military pay for up to two years.
• Disability leave: Sick or injured employees who are unable to work for more than seven 
consecutive days may be eligible for short-term disability leave.  Employees on an approved leave 
can receive up to 100% of pay for up to 26 weeks based on years of service. 
• Tuition reimbursement: Up to $5,250 per calendar year.
• Financial support:  Employees may apply for disaster relief grants if they suffer an emergency 
hardship as a result of certain natural disasters and live in a state or county with a major disaster 
declaration.
Wellness Initiatives
Our Wellness 360° program provides a holistic approach to wellness for our employees and their eligible 
dependents, focusing not only on physical well-being, but emotional and financial health as well.  
Participants are able to access helpful resources designed to support a healthy lifestyle such as a 
behavioral science-based weight loss program, a flexible fitness program membership, and monthly 
webinars related to physical, mental, and financial health among many others.
Positive Employee Relations Program
In 2012, our Tax department created the Positive Employee Relations program.  This program has been 
active over the past nine years and through various initiatives has fostered a culture of inclusivity and 
promoted professional and personal growth within the Tax Department.  An important part of the program 
is volunteering in the community, for example, fundraising for the Houston Food Bank and Hurricane 
Harvey recovery.  In 2020, the program was maintained virtually through weekly social hours with team 
67

building activities and milestone celebrations.  Employees also continued to independently contribute to 
their local communities.
Employee and Board of Directors Composition
The number of full-time, part-time, and temporary employees; voluntary and involuntary turnover rates; 
and composition of our workforce by age, gender, disability status, and minority representation are 
provided below.  The gender and minority representation of our Board of Directors is also provided below. 
Full-time employees(a) 11,165 11,086 10,525
Part-time employees(a) 9 6 7
Temporary employees(a) 6 5 2
Employee age representation(b)
Average age 46 45 45
Percentage under 18 years old  0 %  0 %  0 %
Percentage from 18 through 29 years old  11 %  11 %  10 %
Percentage from 30 through 50 years old  51 %  52 %  53 %
Percentage over 50 years old  39 %  38 %  37 %
Female employee representation(b)(c)
Percentage of workforce(d)  16 %  16 %  16 %
Percentage of management  18 %  19 %  20 %
Percentage of executive officers(e)  27 %  27 %  25 %
Percentage of Board of Directors(f)  13 %  13 %  13 %
Minority employee representation(b)(g)
Percentage of workforce(d)  28 %  29 %  30 %
Percentage of management  19 %  19 %  20 %
Percentage of executive officers(e)  18 %  18 %  17 %
Percentage of Board of Directors(f)  6 %  6 %  7 %
Percent of workforce with disabilities(d)(h)  4 %  4 %  4 %
Employee turnover
Involuntary employee turnover(i)(j)  2 %  4 %  6 %
Voluntary employee turnover(j)(k)  7 %  6 %  4 %
Total  9 %  10 %  10 %
2018 2019 2020
(a) 2018, 2019, and 2020 employee counts are as of December 2018, December 2019, and December 2020, respectively.
(b) 2018 U.S. data was queried in November 2018.  2018 Canadian and Mexico data were queried in December 2018.  2019 
U.S. data was queried in November 2019.  2019 Mexico data was queried in December 2019.  2019 employee data for 
KML was not included.  2020 U.S and Mexico data were queried in November 2020.  The total number of employees used 
to calculate these percentages for 2018, 2019 and 2020 were 11,171, 11,115, and 10,592, respectively.  Both full-time and 
part-time employees are included.
(c) In 2018, 2019, and 2020 0.5%, 0.7%, and 0.9% of employees, respectively, selected “I prefer not to answer” for gender.
(d) Workforce includes positions in management, professional positions, and remaining positions.
(e) Executive officers are as defined by Rule 3b-7 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
(f) For 2020, minority representation for the Board of Directors is confirmed by board members and gender representation is 
consistent with the pronouns used in the 2021 Proxy Statement. Both are reported as of April 2021.
(g) U.S. and Canada diversity data are categorized per the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission’s Employer 
Information Report EEO-1 and the Employment Equity Workforce Survey, respectively.  Mexico is excluded, as there is 
no requirement to collect diversity data.  Minority includes the number of U.S. employees who classify themselves as 
Asian, Black, or African American, Hispanic, or Latino, Native American, or Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian, or Pacific 
Islander, and “Two or more races” and the Canada employees who identified themselves as a visible minority, other than 
Aboriginal peoples, who are non-white in color or non-Caucasian in race, regardless of their place of birth or citizenship.
(h) Data is captured by using an Office of Federal Contract Compliance voluntary self-identification survey.
68

(i) Includes count of involuntary terminations from full-time and part-time positions.  Excludes divestitures.  Approximately 
one-third of the 6% involuntary turnover percentage for 2020 includes employees who voluntarily requested and were 
given severance packages as part of the organizational effectiveness and efficiency program.
(j) Percentage based on count of terminations divided by average number of full and part-time employees.  Excludes 
employees in Mexico.
(k) Includes count of employee-initiated voluntary terminations from full and part-time employment.  Excludes retirees.
Our company underwent an organizational effectiveness and efficiency program in 2020, which resulted 
in the consolidation and centralization of many of our cross-business segment functions, including 
Environmental, Project Management, Integrity Management, and Engineering Services.  In addition to 
seeking cost efficiencies, the aim of the program was to achieve greater organizational effectiveness by 
bringing our experts together and instituting best practices across the organization.  As part of the 
program, we made the decision to offer some of our employees the opportunity to express a preference for 
voluntary separation from our company.  This allowed us to minimize involuntary reductions in our 
workforce by considering employee preference and providing greater clarity on the path forward for our 
new organizational structure.  Employees opting to partake in the voluntary separation program were 
offered outplacement services if requested, full and immediate vesting of any outstanding long-term equity 
grants, as well as severance pay not received in a normal voluntary departure or retirement.  These same 
benefits were also offered to employees that were involuntarily separated due to this program.   
15.2 Diversity and Inclusion 
We consider employee diversity an asset and support equal opportunity employment.  We take affirmative 
action to employ and advance in employment all persons without regard to their race/ethnicity; sex; sexual 
orientation; gender, including gender identity and expression; veteran status; disability; or other protected 
categories, and base employment decisions solely on valid job requirements.
We prohibit discrimination or harassment against any employee or applicant on the basis of race, gender, 
or other protected categories listed in our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.  We are committed to a 
harassment free workplace, supported with online and face-to-face workplace harassment and 
discrimination prevention training for our employees.  Employees and supervisors review our Harassment 
and Discrimination Prevention policy every two years as part of our HR Policy Renewal training.  
Diversity Initiatives
We seek to engage with a broad range of candidates for open positions and undertake initiatives such as 
active participation in veteran and other jobs fairs aimed at increasing diversity representation in our 
workplace.  Additionally, we partner with organizations whose focus is providing employment 
opportunities, including apprenticeships and internships, for minority candidates.  
• Board Oversight
As part of our annual succession planning process, we identify minority and female candidates to 
include in the plan for senior positions.  We review our succession plan, including a discussion on 
development opportunities for potential successors, with the Nominating and Governance 
Committee of our Board of Directors.
• Board Diversity
The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for advising our Board on matters of 
diversity.  Over time, our Board’s intention is to decrease the size and enhance the gender and 
racial diversity of our Board.
69

• Executive Leadership
In July 2020, our CEO added a leadership expectation for our President, COO, business segment 
presidents, General Counsel, CFO, VP of Government Relations and Communications, CAO, and 
VP of Corporate Development to establish a plan for enhancing diversity and equality of 
opportunity in hiring, development, and promotion decisions.  These expectations are discussed 
and reinforced during the annual performance review process.  Currently, 42% of our executive 
leadership is female or a minority. 
• Seeking Diverse Applicants 
We use the services of a major job posting board with over 1,000 diversity partners including 
companies and organizations that specifically target and attract women, minorities, veterans, and 
individuals with disabilities.
We also partner with a job-delivery company as part of our commitment to post job openings with 
local employment offices and community-based organizations that focus on women, minorities, 
veterans, and individuals with disabilities.  Some of the websites for these organizations include: 
• Hire a Hero, 
• Job Opportunities for Disabled American Veterans, 
• RecruitABILITY, and 
• U.S. Diversity.  
To increase our opportunities to recruit minority and female job candidates, we have identified 
contingency search firms and job-posting sites for broadening and diversifying our job applicant 
pool, such as:
• Women in Technology,
• Society of Women Engineers, 
• National Society of Black Engineers, and
• Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers.  
Military veterans have tools and skills that translate into what we do every day.  We value the 
leadership, drive, discipline, and strong work ethic that is developed in the military.  We are 
committed to providing opportunities to veterans and do so by building partnerships with military-
focused recruiting companies and attending job fairs that focus on placing veterans.  In 2020, that 
included the Warrior for Life Luncheon, NextOps, and Military and Veteran Success Center 3rd 
Annual Veteran and Community Job Fair.
• Hiring Process
In order to promote a more diverse workforce, we have enacted certain practices that we believe 
makes our hiring process more inclusive and helps promote the hiring of talent regardless of an 
applicant’s gender, ethnicity, or other status.  We strive to have a diverse candidate pool for 
consideration for our job openings.  To help eliminate bias during interviews, we aim to select 
interview panels that have diversity representation.
70

• Employing Locally
We recognize the importance of hiring locally and benefiting the economies of those communities 
in which we operate.  We post our job openings to a variety of organizations’ job boards including 
local employment offices, veteran’s offices, colleges and universities, and vocational rehabilitation 
centers.  In addition to job postings, we also attend local job fairs to hire talent from the 
communities in which we operate.  
We are one of the major employers in many smaller communities and we provide local talent with 
rewarding, well-paying jobs that allow employees to build a career within the energy industry. 
• Internship and Work Study Programs
We are a partner with the Genesys Works program in Houston, Texas.  Genesys Works is a non-
profit organization that provides meaningful corporate internships to local high school students 
from underserved communities, primarily serving minority students.  In 2020, we had six 
motivated, high-potential students from the Genesys Works program engaged in an internship with 
us.  During their internships, students are able to develop business skills, gain professional work 
experience, and create a plan for a successful future.
We are a partner with the Cristo Rey Jesuit Work-Study Program.  Cristo Rey Jesuit is a private 
high school offering a rigorous college preparatory education to young people of limited economic 
resources who live in Houston.  Approximately 95% of Cristo Rey students are racial minorities.  
The program places students in Houston businesses where they earn up to 50% of the cost of their 
education and develop and hone social and technical skills in the workplace.  In 2020, we had eight 
students participating in this work-study program.
Building Opportunities and Learning Together is a successful paid internship program for college 
students.  This 11- to 12-week program provides our interns with an opportunity to use their newly 
gained skills on a challenging project.  Each student is assigned a mentor and supervisor who 
guides them throughout their internship.  Supervisors are responsible for determining project scope 
and conducting periodic evaluations of their intern’s progress.  At the end of the program, interns 
make presentations on their project, that includes recommendations, to their business segment 
management, peers, and HR.
For our 2021 summer internship program we partnered with INROADS to increase minority and 
female representation in the program.  We also partnered with San Jacinto College on an 
apprenticeship program that focuses on IT-related roles and the Energy Education Center to 
educate diverse high school students about our industry.  We expect to draw from such Energy 
Education Center students for future internship opportunities at our company once they have 
completed their freshman year of college.
• Leadership Training
We have updated our internal leadership training programs, described in Section 15.3 Human 
Capital Development Programs of our Sustainability Report, to incorporate more diversity and 
inclusion content.  
71

15.3 Human Capital Development Programs
(GRI 102-12, GRI 401-2, GRI 404-1, GRI 404-2)
Our employees are an integral part of our success, and we value their career development.  We encourage 
and support professional development and learning for our employees by offering workforce training, 
tuition reimbursement, and other development programs.  These programs help improve recruitment, 
development, and retention. 
In an effort to promote an open feedback culture, we engage with our employees through cross business 
segment teams, focus groups, and a third-party administered confidential survey.  In 2020, 65% of our 
Houston based employees participated in a third-party administered survey that helped gauge workplace 
satisfaction and engagement. 
Results from our employee engagement activities provide us insight into employee satisfaction and help us 
develop strategies to more effectively engage with our team members.  As an example, the results led us to 
develop updated vision and mission statements in 2019 to reaffirm our direction as a company, what we 
want to accomplish, and why what we do matters.
We support our employees’ ongoing career goals and development through several programs.  These 
programs help maximize our employees’ potential and give them the skills they need to further enhance 
their careers.
New Employee On-boarding Orientation Program
We understand that developing our employees’ skills starts from day one.  New employees participate in 
an orientation program designed to help them: 
• learn more about our company, 
• understand processes and goals for their new positions, and 
• locate the internal resources available to help them succeed.
Performance Review Program
Employee performance reviews are conducted to maximize employee productivity and provide 
development feedback.  Our performance review program allows employees to receive a timely and 
objective review of their job performance at least once a year.
New Supervisor Training - CORE Leadership
Our CORE Leadership Training program is for newly promoted or hired leaders to successfully make the 
transition from an individual contributor to a first-time leader.  In 2020, 82 leaders successfully completed 
the program.  This leadership development course takes a blended approach to learning, including:
• online learning activities, 
• monthly virtual conference call roundtables to reinforce desired behaviors, and 
• follow-up by participants’ leaders. 
The program focuses on the knowledge and skills we believe are core to being an effective leader and 
takes approximately six months to complete, with a time commitment of two to four hours per month.
High-Potential Employee Training - Emerging Leaders Institute
Our Emerging Leaders Institute is an internal two-year leadership-development training program designed 
to develop leadership bench strength.  Employees who are nominated to participate in this program 
72

develop leadership skills, business acumen, and advanced presentation skills.  Due to COVID-19, the 
program was paused in 2020 and 2021. 
The Next Level Training Program
Our Next Level program is based on the concept of leaders developing leaders and is provided to 
employees transitioning from director-level roles to vice presidents.  This program focuses on the skills 
needed to transition between these roles and its content includes:
• discussions with senior leadership, 
• self-assessments, and 
• development planning.
Total Employee Training Hours
In addition to health, safety, emergency response, and other safety topics, we provide employee 
development training on topics including:
• corporate policies, 
• environmental protection,
• leadership and management, 
• on the job skills, and
• software and IT systems.
The total hours spent on employee development training are provided below. 
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In thousands)
Total hours of employee development training(a)(b)(c)
Natural Gas Pipelines  95  101  214 
Products Pipelines  26  26  69 
Terminals  55  83  47 
CO2  9  9  4 
Kinder Morgan Canada(d)  15 — —
Corporate  11  9  17 
Total  211  228  351 
(a) Training time is assigned to the business segment the employee was active under at the end of the calendar year.
(b) Includes the U.S. portion of the Cochin Pipeline and KML data up to the sale date on December 16, 2019.
(c) Excludes operator qualification for years 2018 and 2019.
(d) Represents Kinder Morgan Canada employee average training time up to the date of the TMPL sale on August 31, 2018.
In addition to our investments in health, safety, and emergency response training, we invested roughly $20 
million in other employee development training in 2020, or about $1,900 per full time employee.  
Together with health, safety, and emergency response training we have invested approximately $27 
million, or about $2,600 per employee.33
Tuition Reimbursement
We offer our full-time employees a tuition reimbursement program that gives employees the opportunity 
to complete college level courses that encourage and support career growth.
73
33 This is calculated by multiplying our total training hours by our employees’ hourly median salary, calculated from the annual 
employee median salary disclosed in our 2021 Proxy Statement.

Relocation Assistance
We provide relocation assistance to eligible employees to provide career development opportunities that 
may become available at our other locations.  
16.0 Community Relations 
16.1 Processes to Manage Risks and Opportunities Associated with Community Rights and Interests  
(SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-210b.1, GRI 413-1)
Our neighbors, communities, and local governments play an important role in how we conduct our 
business.  We live, work, and play in these communities.  Our policies are designed to facilitate our 
building trust and fostering collaboration within the communities in which we operate, including our 
commitment to:
• community engagement,
• respect,
• transparency and responsiveness,
• negotiate in good faith,
• training,
• fairness, and
• responsible construction.
We engage our leadership and deploy resources to help us fulfill these requirements.  Our internal 
Corporate Communications and Public Affairs department helps develop and implement our community 
relations strategies to reach a variety of stakeholders identified through stakeholder mapping.  Our internal 
community consultation guidelines recognize that it is important to identify project stakeholders, 
determine and monitor their needs and expectations, and then  work with them on meeting those needs and 
expectations as appropriate.  In addition, project-specific team members help fulfill our commitment to 
communicate and work with communities in an effort to build trust and foster collaboration.  Our Public 
Affairs team provides insights, guidance, and resources to operations and project-specific employees. 
As described in Section 6.1 Environmental Management Policies and Practices for Active Operations of 
the Sustainability Report, we take our local stakeholders’ concerns and feedback into consideration during 
the development of our growth projects and follow our construction and mitigative procedures that take 
into account plans to minimize impacts to nearby residents.  This process helps address potential issues 
prior to the start of construction.  During construction we also consult with stakeholders directly affected 
by our operations.  This dialogue is intended to help us resolve issues as they arise or, better still, prevent 
issues from arising in the first place.  Information about the additional ways we engage with stakeholders 
is described in Section 16.1.1 Stakeholder Engagement and Consultation Mechanisms of the Sustainability 
Report.
We participate in industry trade associations to further communicate the benefits of our customers’ 
products and our services.  We serve on communications committees where we assist in the development 
of communication materials that address topics such as:
• safety, 
• construction, 
• restoration activities, 
• environmental considerations, and 
• the social and economic benefits of the industry.  
74

For more information, see our Community Relations Policy at https://www.kindermorgan.com/
WWWKM/media/Documents/Community_Relations_Policy.pdf.
16.1.1 Stakeholder Engagement and Consultation Mechanisms 
(GRI 102-21, GRI 102-43)
We strive to build and maintain healthy relationships throughout the areas where we operate.  Many of our 
Community Relations Policy commitments are accomplished through ongoing stakeholder engagement 
and consultation.
We have helped develop, establish, and promote industry best practices for stakeholder engagement.  We 
are committed to making stakeholder engagement a priority on our projects. 
For certain new projects, our Corporate Communications and Public Affairs department develops a 
project-specific outreach and stakeholder engagement plan and timeline to notify stakeholders early about 
the project and to open and establish lines of communication.  We respond to stakeholder feedback on 
each project and incorporate that feedback into the project planning process, including community 
engagement and community development planning. 
We offer stakeholders a variety of ways to contact us about major growth projects, such as project 
specific:
• toll-free phone numbers, 
• email addresses, 
• websites, 
• public meetings, and 
• in-person meetings. 
Throughout a project’s timeline, our personnel may interact with a wide array of stakeholders, including: 
• elected officials, 
• media outlets, 
• landowners, 
• local citizens groups,
• indigenous peoples,
• protesters, and 
• other members of the public.  
We have systems in place for communicating with these different interest groups and training in place for 
project employees and contractors to prepare them for interactions with varying audiences.  Initial project 
briefings and training sessions educate employees and contractors on communication procedures and 
resources.  This training also provides:
• an overview of our company, 
• an overview of the project, and 
• the project’s purpose and benefits. 
The training reiterates the importance of being a good neighbor in the communities where the project is 
located.  We also provide instructions for accessing relevant project personnel when needed to respond to 
specific stakeholder questions. 
75

A summary of the ways we regularly engage and consult with stakeholders is provided below, including in 
the stages before, during, and after the construction of projects.
Landowners Community Members Emergency Responders Government and 
Regulators
Town halls and open houses Town halls and open houses In-person meetings Regulatory filings
In-person meetings In-person meetings On-line emergency 
responder training
Public policy and legislative 
issue engagement
Home and site visits Project websites Facility tours Industry group involvement
Project websites Social media Emergency response 
tabletops and exercises Facility tours
Social media Community investment 
programs
The Responder E-newsletter In-person meetings
Public awareness 
communications Employee volunteer projects Emergency Response Plans
Partnerships with local and 
regional organizations
Public awareness 
communications
For our larger projects, we often also create project-specific websites.  We provide contact information on 
our webpage where stakeholders can obtain further information if they have a question or concern about a 
projects’ development or operation.
16.1.1.1 Public Awareness Program 
Keeping our communities safe is of utmost importance and we use our Public Awareness Program to keep 
local stakeholders informed about pipeline safety.
Our Public Awareness Program is designed to:
• create public awareness about pipelines in the areas where we operate, 
• provide important safety information to people living and working near our pipelines,
• increase knowledge of the regulations for working around pipelines,
• prevent damage to our pipelines,
• educate first responders and the public on our emergency preparedness response activities, and 
• enhance public safety.
Our program was developed under federal pipeline safety regulation consultation guidelines.34  Our 
program is an example of our ongoing stakeholder consultations in which we engage with, provide 
information to, and receive feedback from our stakeholders.  
As part of our outreach plans, we target communications to the following stakeholder groups:
• residents, 
• business owners, 
• farmers and ranchers, 
• schools, 
• contractors, and 
• government officials.
76
34 DOT-PHMSA. “Public Awareness Programs: API RP 1162.” DOT-PHMSA, Dec. 2003. 2021. <https://
primis.phmsa.dot.gov/comm/PublicAwareness/PARPI1162.htm>.

Our program advocates pipeline safety and safe digging practices to the public through multiple avenues, 
including: 
• brochures; 
• newsletters;
• newspaper, magazine, radio, and television advertisements;
• direct mail; 
• social media; 
• direct contact; and 
• our website at https://www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-Environment/Public-Awareness/Index .
We tailor the type, language, and formatting of our communications to the target audience, message to be 
delivered, and best practices for the selected medium.
To manage our program’s engagement strategy, we maintain a Public Awareness Program evaluation plan 
that includes measures for evaluating effectiveness.  For example, we track our stakeholder engagement 
interactions and our responses to requests for information.  On average, we receive over 300 requests for 
information about our assets each year.  We also receive requests for training and safety information from 
emergency responders.
To assess the effectiveness of our program, we conduct public awareness surveys.  We evaluate whether 
our public awareness actions are achieving the following intended goals and objectives:
• information is reaching the intended stakeholder audiences; 
• recipient audiences understand the messages being delivered;
• recipients are motivated to respond appropriately in alignment with the information provided; and 
• the program is impacting the underlying intended results, such as reduction in the number of 
incidents caused by third-party damage.
We also conduct audits to assess the program and identify program improvements and changes.
We place a high value on public safety and seek to educate the public to increase their:
• awareness of pipeline locations, 
• understanding of potential hazards from an unintentional release, and 
• ability to identify and respond to a potential release.  
In addition to our Public Awareness Program, our project-specific emergency response plans detail how to 
communicate with external stakeholders to more effectively resolve potential concerns quickly and safely.
For more information about our Public Awareness Program, see our website at https://
www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-Environment/Public-Awareness/Index.
For more information about our Responder E-newsletter, see our website at https://
www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-Environment/Public-Awareness/The-Responder.
16.2 Social Investment Programs 
(GRI 102-12, GRI 201-1, GRI 203-1, GRI 203-2)
We are committed to giving back to the communities in which we operate.  We actively look for 
opportunities for our employees to get involved in community programs and strengthen their relationships 
with our stakeholders.
77

Connect.Inspire.Give
In 2018 we launched a redesigned volunteer program that includes additional volunteer opportunities in 
the local community, including collection drives for school supplies, toys, pet food, and other community 
needs. 
 
Our volunteer program schedule includes many diverse events such as: 
• fun runs benefiting non-profits, 
• repairing homes for the elderly and disadvantaged, 
• working at a food pantry, 
• restoring parks and trails, 
• feeding the homeless community, and 
• working with Special Olympics athletes.  
The goal of our program is to enable employees to connect with each other across various departments, 
learn more about their communities, improve morale, and develop new skills while working toward the 
common goal of improving peoples’ lives.  For example, in 2020, we were part of a multi-organizational 
effort to host the Charlton-Pollard Trash Bash, where our employees contributed to the removal of nearly 
1,500 pounds of trash in a Beaumont, Texas neighborhood.  We hope that the organizations we support 
through these efforts inspire employees to give their time, talent, and donations. 
Community Investments
We are committed to investing in the communities in which we operate.  We budget funds annually to 
distribute to community organizations and initiatives across our business segments and operating regions.  
The community organizations receiving these contributions typically fit into one of the following 
categories: 
• public safety and emergency response, 
• children’s educational or athletic programs, or 
• environmental sustainability and education. 
We also have made contributions to local organizations supporting recovery efforts from natural disasters.
In addition to the community investments made on behalf of the business segments, we also make 
community investments in areas where major growth projects are proposed or under construction.  
Recipient organizations are identified in coordination with local stakeholders in the project area including 
elected officials and local NGOs. 
Below are some of the organizations to which we contributed in 2020:
• Blanco County Services - donated funds to county road repairs and maintenance and to the Peyton 
Colony School Trust
• Fredericksburg School District and Fire Department - donated a learning lab and renovations at 
Stonewall Elementary School
• Girl Scouts of Greater Chicago - supported local Girl Scout Troops
Kinder Morgan Foundation
The Kinder Morgan Foundation’s mission is to provide today’s youth with opportunities to learn and grow 
in order to become tomorrow’s leaders.  The Foundation’s primary goal is to help today’s science, math 
and music students become the engineers, educators, and musicians who could support our diverse 
78

communities for many years to come.  The Foundation provides donations through four types of 
programs, including:
• Kinder Morgan Foundation grants,
• Employee gift matching,
• Disaster relief assistance, and
• United Way employee gift matching.
These programs are described in more detail below.
Kinder Morgan Foundation Grant Program
The Kinder Morgan Foundation grant program focuses exclusively on academic education and the 
arts.  These grants support programs that benefit under-served youth, with a focus on minorities 
and girls, and a majority of the contributions are directed to STEM programs.  The Kinder Morgan 
Foundation’s target is to donate more than $1 million to qualifying 501(c)(3) organizations in the 
U.S. each year.
In 2019, the grant program was updated to target communities in select locations across the U.S. 
that are densely populated, include high concentrations of our employees and customers, and were 
in close proximity to our main offices.  In 2020, the Kinder Morgan Foundation issued grants to 97 
organizations that provide educational, arts, and cultural programs.  These organizations originally 
estimated that they could collectively serve approximately 2.1 million students, although the actual 
number of students served may have been less due to the pandemic.  The contributions provided by 
the Kinder Morgan Foundation are typically used to provide direct support to a specified number 
of students or as general funding for the organization to support activities throughout the donation 
year.  The grants ranged from $5,000 to $20,000 per qualifying organization.
Employee Gift Matching Program
The Kinder Morgan Foundation also funds our Employee Matching Gift Program.  This program 
matches gifts made to university foundations, kindergarten through 12th grade education 
foundations, non-profits that support arts and culture, and STEM education programs benefiting 
underserved youth, such as minorities and females, in primary and secondary schools.  Our full-
time employees are eligible to designate up to three employee matching grants to be donated to 
qualifying organizations, totaling a maximum of $2,000 per calendar year.  
Disaster Relief Program
The Kinder Morgan Foundation provides disaster relief assistance to organizations when natural 
disasters significantly impacts our operations or employees.  These funds are awarded based on the 
size and scale of the disaster and the needs assessed by local operations.  In 2018, 2019, and 2020, 
the Foundation donated to the Greater Houston Community Foundation for recovery efforts related 
to Hurricane Florence, Tropical Storm Imelda, and Hurricane Laura, respectively.  Additionally, in 
2020, we contributed $250,000 to COVID-19 response and recovery programs across the U.S.
United Way Employee Gift Matching Program
The Kinder Morgan Foundation matches 50% of each employee’s donation made during the 
company’s annual United Way campaigns.  
79

The Kinder Morgan Foundation donations, employee donations, and corporate and project-related 
community investments are provided below.
Year Ended December 31
2018 2019 2020
(In thousands)
Kinder Morgan Foundation donations
Grants $ 1,030 $ 1,084 $ 782 
Employee Matching(a) 105 103 114
Disaster Relief 87 83 326
United Way(a) 135 111 224
Subtotal 1,357 1,381 1,446
Employee donations(b) 374 326 562
Community investments
Donations made to Native American tribes(c) 255 262 266
Other community investments 337 254 1,696
Subtotal 592 516 1,962
Total $ 1,949 $ 1,897 $ 3,408 
(a) These are donations made by the Kinder Morgan Foundation and do not include employee contributions.
(b) Employee donations include donations made through the employee matching program and to the United Way.
(c) Scholarships made to Native American tribes are for the calendar year applicable, per the grant agreement.
17.0 Human Rights and Rights of Indigenous Peoples 
17.1 Human Rights 
(SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-210a.3, GRI 408-1, GRI 409-1)
We conduct our business consistent with the human rights philosophy expressed in the International Labor 
Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles.  We believe supporting fundamental human rights to 
be a basic responsibility in conducting our business.  We support the United Nations Global Compact 
Human Rights Principles, derived from the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which 
are:
• Principle 1: businesses should support and respect the protection of internationally proclaimed 
human rights, and
• Principle 2: businesses should make sure they are not complicit in human rights abuses.
We prohibit the use of child labor or forced labor in our operations in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico.  Our 
employees and contractors, with the exception of some interns, must be at least 18 years of age.
We also recognize and respect our employees’ and suppliers’ rights to join associations for the purpose of 
collective bargaining in a manner that is consistent with laws, rules, regulations, and customs.
Our employees, consultants, contractors, suppliers, vendors, and business partners are expected to:
• treat people with dignity, 
• respect human rights,
• adhere to standards of conduct consistent with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics when 
conducting company-related business activities, and
• adhere to our Human Rights Statement.
80

Within the areas of our activity and influence, we are committed to: 
• being attentive to concerns raised by stakeholders, 
• working with stakeholders to support human rights, and
• providing remedies to correct negative human rights impacts.
For more information, see our Human Rights Statement at https://www.kindermorgan.com/WWWKM/
media/Documents/Human_Rights_Statement.pdf.
17.2 Rights of Indigenous Peoples 
(SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-210a.3)
We respect the diversity of culture and unique history of Indigenous Peoples.  We strive to build long-term 
relationships and commercial partnerships with Indigenous Peoples through meaningful engagement based 
on mutual respect.  In the course of our projects and operations, we conduct business with Indigenous 
Peoples consistent with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Indigenous Peoples Policy.  We 
recognize the legal and constitutional protected rights of Indigenous Peoples.  We engage in good faith 
with community members while communicating and cooperating with affected Indigenous Peoples.  We 
are committed to:
• participating in good faith engagement;
• continuing to partner with community members in suitable employment opportunities, as well as 
education, commercial, and community development opportunities;
• identifying opportunities to support youth, education, culture, and the environment; and
• negotiating in good faith with indigenous and government entities.
Listening & Responding 
We strive to operate and grow in a socially and environmentally responsible way.  We work to establish 
positive interactive relationships with Indigenous Peoples who have, or claim to have, an ancestral interest 
in lands affected by our operations or projects.  We communicate early and often with these affected 
Indigenous groups and National tribal experts.  We listen to and engage with Indigenous Peoples through 
one-on-one, group, and public meetings. 
In 2020, we worked with a federally recognized tribe on a portion of our PHP project right-of-way that 
crossed ancestral tribal lands.  After listening to the concerns of the tribe, we invited tribal members to 
serve as Monitors during the construction process and to help oversee the protection of the tribe’s 
ancestral land. 
Right-of-way Renewals
We have a long history of working with Indigenous groups when renewing right-of-way grants.  These 
renewals occur approximately every 20 years.  We understand that the needs of Indigenous members and 
organizations change over time, so we begin our renegotiations for right-of-way renewals approximately 
18 to 24 months in advance of expiration.  During negotiations, we engage with:
• current Tribal leaders, 
• Tribal heads of Operations, 
• Tribal Engineering, 
• Tribal Finance,
• Tribal Legal,
• Bureau of Indian Affairs liaison, and
• other Tribal representatives the Tribe deems appropriate.
81

Open Houses
One of the primary ways we meet with and listen to communities, including Indigenous Peoples, that may 
be impacted by one of our projects, is by holding project open houses.  Open houses are publicized 
locally, and we encourage individuals or groups with an interest in our projects to attend these meetings. 
Walk the Route
During planning for certain projects, we invite the members of Indigenous groups, with interests in a 
specific project, to walk the project site or route with us to identify anything of special interest to their 
specific Indigenous group.  For the interests identified, we have meaningful consultation with the affected 
Indigenous group to listen to the history and importance of the matters identified and agree on the best 
path forward.  These matters may include:
• insects, birds, and animals;
• plants;
• sacred sites, including stone formations, and;
• historical and cultural resources.
Employment and Community Development
For our projects, we work to meet or exceed compliance with the respective Tribal Employment Rights 
Ordinances and Native American Preference law in offering Indigenous community members employment 
opportunities as available.  We also meet with Tribal leaders to discuss other possible educational, 
commercial, and community development opportunities.
Over the past three years, we have donated over $783,000 to Native American tribes with whom we do 
business.  These contributions include scholarships and donations to local fire departments.  Our donation 
amounts to these tribes are included in Section 16.2 Social Investment Programs of the Sustainability 
Report.  
Maintaining Relationships
We maintain positive, long-term relationships even after a project is in service or right-of-way renewals 
have been finalized.  We achieve this by:
• holding public awareness and first responder meetings in Indigenous communities,
• having Tribal representatives meet with our executives and visit our facilities,
• making presentations to Tribal classrooms on our energy business,
• participating in Tribal Feast Day events, and
• awarding scholarships as provided in right-of-way agreements.
Public Participation in Indigenous Matters 
Our employees are participants in industry conferences, Bureau of Indian Affairs conferences, and Tribal 
Organization conferences.  We not only attend these events, but also participate as speakers and panel 
members.  We also consult regularly on matters affecting National Tribal law and practices.
For more information on how we build long-term relationships and commercial partnerships with 
Indigenous Peoples, see our Indigenous Peoples Policy.  For an example of how we operationalize our 
Indigenous Peoples Policy, see our Respecting Indigenous Peoples and Communities case study video and 
fact sheet at https://www.kindermorgan.com/Safety-Environment/ESG.  This policy and case study 
demonstrate our commitment to the social, economic, and cultural rights of Indigenous Peoples, reflecting 
the spirit of the ILO Convention 169 and the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous 
Peoples.
82

Part 2 – TCFD Report
Our disclosure follows the Financial Stability Board’s TCFD recommended climate-related financial 
disclosures, which are structured around the four thematic areas shown below.
Core Elements of TCFD’s Recommended Climate-Related Financial Disclosures35
In our fourth TCFD Report, we have updated our disclosure after considering the feedback we received 
from investors and other stakeholders, additional published guidance, and TCFD reports issued by our 
customers and other energy infrastructure companies.  We have updated our transition risk scenario 
assessment of our business strategy under the IEA’s 2020 World Energy Outlook SDS.36  The SDS limits 
the temperature rise to 1.65 °C and is fully aligned with the Paris Agreement to hold the rise in global 
average temperature to well below 2 °C and pursuing efforts to limit it to 1.5 °C.  In 2020, we completed a 
physical risk scenario assessment for our assets under the 4 °C scenario of the IPCC RCP 8.5.37  To further 
expand our disclosure, we reported our company-wide Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions in this 
year’s Report.
Although we regularly identify, assess, and manage the risks, opportunities, and financial information that 
the TCFD identifies as “climate-related,” we do not regularly use the term “climate-related” in our internal 
discussions.  Consequently, when this report refers to climate discussions or considerations in connection 
with our review, reporting, planning, and decision making, we are using the broader TCFD meaning.
83
35 Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. “Final Report: Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures.” Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures, 15 June 2017: 27. 2021. <https://www.fsb-
tcfd.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/FINAL-2017-TCFD-Report-11052018.pdf>.
36 International Energy Agency. “World Energy Outlook 2020.” International Energy Agency. October 2020. 2021. <https://
www.iea.org/reports/world-energy-outlook-2020>.
37 Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. “Climate Change 2014: Synthesis Report. Contributions of Working Group I, 
II, and III to the Fifth Assessment Report.” Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, 2014. 2021. <https://ar5-syr.ipcc.ch/
ipcc/ipcc/resources/pdf/IPCC_SynthesisReport.pdf>.

1.0 Governance 
1.1 Board Oversight 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.2, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.3, SASB Rail 
Transportation TR-RA-110a.2, SASB Marine Transportation TR-MT-110a.2, GRI 102-18, GRI 102-19, 
GRI 102-20, GRI 102-26, GRI 102-27, GRI 102-29, GRI 102-31, GRI 102-32, CDP C1.1b, CDP CC1.1)
Our Board is responsible to our stockholders for the oversight of the Company.  We recognize that 
effective governance is critical to achieving our performance goals and maintaining the trust and 
confidence of our various stakeholders, including our:
• investors, 
• lenders, 
• customers,
• employees, 
• business partners, 
• regulatory agencies, 
• underwriters, and
• other stakeholders.  
As part of its responsibilities, our Board oversees the assessment of our major business risks and 
opportunities, and the measures we take to mitigate and address such risks and opportunities.  Our Board 
is briefed regularly by our CEO, President, CFO, COO, and General Counsel, and periodically by each 
business segment president, on:
• business strategies,
• business risks and opportunities,
• major plans of action, 
• annual budgets, 
• business plans,
• capital expenditures for major expansions, and
• acquisitions and divestitures.
In reviewing and providing guidance in each of these areas, our Board assesses our assets and long-term 
business strategy for resilience and adaptability to various risks and opportunities.  We believe our 
Board’s collective skill set is well-suited to identifying the key risks and opportunities we face during the 
next decade, as our Board has members with significant experience in risk management and capital 
planning, both of which are essential to meeting our industry’s potential disruptors.  Our Board members’ 
backgrounds allow them to engage in healthy debate on climate-related topics, challenge management 
assumptions, and make thoughtful and informed decisions about these risks and opportunities.
While our Board is ultimately responsible for risk and opportunity oversight, various Board committees 
assist our Board in fulfilling its responsibilities by considering the risks and opportunities within their 
respective areas of expertise.  Our EHS Committee assists our Board with oversight of EHS risk and 
opportunity management, which may include climate-related risks and opportunities.  The EHS 
Committee consists of independent directors appointed by the Board.  Board members with experience in 
EHS and regulatory matters assist in confirming that we are operating consistent with prudent industry 
practices and that environmental and safety matters are properly considered in Board decisions.  The EHS 
Committee meets at least semi-annually and reviews reports from our COO on ESG and EHS issues.  Any 
Board member may elect to attend EHS Committee meetings.  Our CEO, President, and other Board 
84

members, with few exceptions, attend and participate in the regularly scheduled EHS Committee 
meetings.  
Through our EHS Committee, our Board also provides direction to management about ESG disclosures in 
conjunction with our ESG Disclosure Committee described in Section 1.0 Introduction of the 
Sustainability Report.  The ESG Committee’s oversight includes the review of the progress and results of 
the scenario analysis we conduct to test the resilience of our business strategy. Through the EHS 
Committee, our Board provides direction to our COO on ESG, sustainability, and climate-related issues.  
Our Board and EHS Committee also establish performance expectations with our CEO, President, and 
COO for the management of these issues.
1.2 Management’s Role 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.2, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.3, SASB Rail 
Transportation TR-RA-110a.2, SASB Marine Transportation TR-MT-110a.2, GRI 102-19, GRI 102-29, 
GRI 102-31, GRI 102-32, CDP C1.1b, CDP C1.2, CDP C1.2a)
Our business segment presidents, corporate function heads, and subject matter personnel are responsible 
for assessing and managing actual and potential risks and opportunities, including those related to climate.  
These individuals use various management systems to assist them with their responsibilities.  In 2020, we 
created a Kinder Morgan COO position and re-organized our corporate structure under the COO to 
centralize our engineering, project management, and environmental teams.  We expect that this re-
organization will enhance our ability to prioritize emission reductions.
Our COO is responsible for engaging with investors, regulators, employees, lenders, and customers on 
ESG-related matters, including our risks and opportunities.  Our COO  provides strategic leadership for 
EHS matters, including matters related to climate.  Our COO is also responsible for implementing 
procedures and controls to track the data necessary for the preparation of our Report, and for sharing our 
results with other senior management and our Board’s EHS Committee.  
Our CEO and our President hold a series of regularly scheduled meetings to engage with our business 
segment presidents, corporate function heads, and subject matter personnel on issues related to our 
business.  We use those meetings to monitor progress and performance and to discuss risks and 
opportunities, including, where appropriate, climate-related risks and opportunities and plans to address 
such risks and opportunities.  The frequency of these meetings creates a cycle of ongoing assessment and 
improvement, as action plans are initiated and adjusted based on new information and past experience.  
The regular cadence and varied length of these meetings, from a few hours to most of a business day, 
permit extended discussion and regular follow-up on a wide range of action items.  The meetings are 
typically scheduled one year in advance and are described in Section 3.0 Risk and Opportunity 
Management of the TCFD Report.
A wide range of professionals in our organization typically attend these recurring meetings.  Participants 
include employees with subject matter knowledge applicable to managing risks and opportunities, 
including:
• business administration;
• business continuity planning;
• energy markets and marketing;
• engineering and earth sciences;
• environmental and energy policy, law, and compliance;
• finance, tax, and accounting;
85

• insurance;
• legal;
• public relations;
• strategic management; and
• technology development.
These meetings focus senior management’s attention on near-, medium-, and long-term business risks and 
opportunities with substantial input from subject matter personnel.  In addition, our senior management 
engages in ad hoc meetings on an as-needed basis to:
• review and approve new projects and acquisitions; 
• review with industry consultants and other experts long-term trends, e.g., demand and supply, for 
the products we transport and handle; and
• identify and understand disruptive technologies or emerging policies.
The knowledge and information our senior management gains from these meetings are presented to our 
Board regularly.  Our Board, in turn, uses the work done at the management level to inform its decisions 
about the Company’s future direction.
2.0 Strategy 
The fundamental principles of our business strategy are to:
• focus on stable, fee-based energy transportation and storage assets that are central to the energy 
infrastructure and energy transition of growing markets within North America or served by U.S. 
exports;
• increase utilization of our existing assets while controlling costs, operating safely, and employing 
environmentally sound operating practices;
• exercise discipline in capital allocation and in evaluating expansion projects and acquisition 
opportunities;
• leverage economies of scale from incremental acquisitions and expansions of assets that fit within 
our strategy; and
• maintain a healthy financial profile and enhance and return value to our stockholders.
Our forward-looking strategies and financial decisions are driven primarily by market opportunities and 
corporate objectives and responsibilities.  We make long-term strategic decisions with the intention of 
creating sustainable competitive advantages.  To sustain and improve our market position, we project and 
plan for reasonably foreseeable changes, including changes to governmental regulations, which could 
potentially impact our business and the markets in which we operate.  We respond to such changes as they 
occur.  Market and policy responses to climate change have been and can be a factor in our forward-
looking strategic and financial decision-making.
We modify our strategy as necessary to reflect changing economic conditions and other circumstances, 
including, among other factors, those related to identified or reasonably anticipated impacts of climate 
change.  We invest in our assets to operate them safely and to protect our employees, the environment, and 
the communities in which we operate.  We work collaboratively within our industry and with 
governments, environmental groups, Indigenous Peoples, and communities to build our understanding of 
the issues around climate change and seek potential solutions.  
86

In the U.S., we engage with policy makers from both major political parties at the federal, state, and local 
levels.  We generally advocate for fair and transparent policies that are practical, economical, and have a 
positive benefit to our stakeholders and customers.  The focus of our engagement is on policy that impacts 
our business including, but not limited to, pipeline safety policies, environmental and safety regulations, 
methane regulation, cybersecurity policies, and corporate taxation.  We also engage in and support 
incentives that could help advance the use of CCUS, RNG, renewable diesel, and hydrogen. 
2.1 Potential Climate-Related Risks, Opportunities, and Impacts 
(SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-420a.4, GRI 102-15, GRI 201-2, GRI 203-1, CDP C2.1, CDP 
C2.3, CDP C2.3a, CDP C2.4, CDP C2.4a)
Our customers include major oil and natural gas companies, energy producers and shippers, local 
distribution companies, and businesses across many industries.  In most of our business segments, we 
operate like a giant toll road and receive a fee for our services, generally avoiding commodity price risk.  
In our CO2 business, where we are exposed to commodity price risk, we employ a hedging strategy to 
partially mitigate that risk.  Because our customers generally own the commodities we transport, the 
impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on us are often derivative of the impact on our customers.
Our management system integrates the identification, assessment, and management of risks and 
opportunities across various time horizons, including climate-related risks and opportunities where 
appropriate.  As discussed in Section 1.2 Management’s Role of the TCFD Report, we use a series of 
meetings to monitor the performance of our businesses and to identify and address opportunities and risks 
over a variety of time horizons.  Some examples include: 
Short-term - 
immediately to 
one year
– Weekly, monthly, and 
quarterly financial and 
operational reviews
– Annual budget reviews 
– Legislative and 
regulatory proposals and 
changes that are likely to 
affect our business or 
that of our customers
– Extreme weather events
– Emission controls
– Compliance costs
– Energy efficiency and 
alternative sources of 
energy
– Responsibly sourced 
natural gas
– Renewable natural gas
– Renewable diesel
– Additional renewable 
power generation at our 
locations
Medium-term - 
one to five 
years
– Quarterly business 
reviews
– Long-range outlook
– Project approval 
meetings
– Changes in demand for 
our services or in 
customer preferences
– Changes in our ability to 
obtain permits or other 
regulatory approval
– Public opposition due to 
climate concerns
– Potential increases in the 
use of our existing assets 
and efficiency gains
– CCUS
– Hydrogen blending in 
our existing natural gas 
infrastructure and for 
customers
Long-term - 
five to thirty or 
more years
– Quarterly business 
reviews
– Ad hoc meetings with 
experts 
– Changes in long-term 
demand for the products 
we transport and store
– Changes in public policy 
that may affect growth 
opportunities in our 
traditional lines of 
business
– Dedicated hydrogen 
infrastructure
– Potential lower emission 
product options or 
product replacements
Timeframe Management Process Examples of Climate-
related Risks
Examples of Climate-
related Opportunities
87

The TCFD divides climate-related risks into two categories: transitional and physical.  Transitional risks 
are those risks related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy, such as policy constraints on 
emissions, carbon taxes, and shifts in market demand and supply.  The TCFD groups transitional risks into 
four categories: 
• policy and legal risk,
• technological risk,
• market risk, and 
• reputational risk.  
Physical risks are those associated with physical impacts from climate change that could affect assets and 
operations.  Physical risks include the disruption of operations and/or destruction of property.  The TCFD 
divides physical risk into acute and chronic risks.  Acute risks include physical damage from variations in 
weather patterns, such as severe storms, wildfires, floods, and drought.  Chronic risks include sea-level 
rise and desertification.  
Both transitional and physical climate-related risks may affect our business.  As such, we seek to include 
reasonably anticipated regulations and policy decisions in our business models and project planning.
Expanding our existing assets and constructing new assets is part of our strategy.  A variety of factors 
outside of our control can cause delays in our construction projects.  Some examples of these factors 
include difficulties in obtaining rights-of-way, permits, other regulatory approvals, and public opposition.  
Inclement weather and natural disasters can increase costs or cause construction delays.  Significant cost 
overruns or lengthy delays can have a material adverse effect on our return on investment, results of 
operations, and cash flows.  These factors can result in project cancellations or limit our ability to pursue 
other growth opportunities.
Some of our assets are located in areas susceptible to natural disasters such as:
• hurricanes, 
• earthquakes, 
• wildfires, 
• tornadoes,
• flooding, 
• extreme snow and ice, and 
• other natural disasters.  
Our shipping vessels operate in areas exposed to some of these risks.  
Natural disasters can damage or destroy our assets or disrupt the supply of the products we transport or 
store.  In the third quarter of 2017, Hurricane Harvey caused disruptions in our operations near the Texas 
Gulf Coast requiring approximately $45 million in repair costs, approximately $10 million of which was 
not recoverable through insurance.  Natural disasters can similarly affect our customers’ facilities.  
Circumstances could arise in which our losses could so exceed our insurance coverage that those losses 
result in a material adverse impact to our assets, financial condition, and operating results.
The two tables below contain a list of potential transitional and physical risks, as well as the following:
• potential financial impacts related to such risks, 
• available strategy and mitigation measures for such risks, and 
• page numbers where the topics are discussed in our Report.
88

Policy & Legal
– Increased climate change-
related regulation and 
policies resulting in:
◦ higher emission fees and 
carbon taxes
◦ higher fuel prices
◦ additional emission 
reporting obligations
◦ mandates on and 
regulation of customers’ 
products or our services 
◦ mandated transition to 
renewables
◦ delays or rejection of 
FERC certificates
– Increased compliance costs
– Increased fuel costs
– Reduced demand for our 
traditional services
– Increased project expansion 
costs
– Engaging with regulators, 
industry organizations, and 
NGOs
– Systematic monitoring of 
regulatory proposals and 
implementation of 
compliance programs
– Offsetting, reducing, and 
managing emissions
– Managing energy use and 
improving efficiency
– Developing new services
– p 22 
– p 96 
– p 26 
– p 23 
– p 96
Technology
– Substitution of customers’ 
existing products with 
lower emission options
– Lower potential demand for 
existing products due to 
greater energy efficiencies
– Reduced demand for our 
traditional services
– Increased write-offs and 
earlier retirement of 
existing assets
– Increased customer credit 
risk, including 
bankruptcies
– Negotiating contracts with 
longer terms, higher per-
unit pricing, and for a 
greater percentage of our 
available capacity
– Adjusting investment 
evaluation assumptions to 
assume lower uncontracted 
cash flows and terminal 
values
– Continued discipline in 
accounts receivable 
management and customer 
credit protections
– Developing new services
– Expanding and developing 
lower carbon business 
activities
– p 94 
– p 94 
– p 94 
– p 95
– p 95
Potential Transitional Risks
Potential Climate-Related 
Risk Potential Financial Impact Available Strategy and 
Mitigation Measures Page
89

Market
– Changing consumer 
behavior reducing demand 
for customers’ products 
– Uncertainty in market 
signals
– Increased cost of raw 
materials
– Reduced demand for our 
traditional services
– Increased production costs 
due to higher energy prices
– Abrupt and unexpected 
shifts in energy prices and 
costs
– Repricing of oil field 
reserves
– Adjusting investment 
evaluation assumptions
– Negotiating contracts with 
longer terms, higher per-
unit pricing and for a 
greater percentage of our 
available capacity
– Managing energy use and 
improving efficiency
– Risk management and 
hedging programs
– Expanding and developing 
lower carbon business 
activities
– p 94
– p 94 
– p 23 
– p 94
– p 95
Reputation
– Stigmatization of sector
– Increased stakeholder 
concern or negative 
stakeholder feedback
– Increased cost of capital
– Decreased access to public 
capital markets
– Increased cost of public 
relations
– Decreased ability to attract 
and retain employees
– Expanding and developing 
lower carbon business 
activities
– Working to reduce our 
carbon footprint
– Adjusting ESG disclosure 
to be responsive to the 
financial sector by reporting 
per SASB, TCFD, and 
other reporting frameworks
– Increased internal funding 
reduces need to access 
capital markets
– p 96
– p 14
– p 1 
– p 94 
Potential Transitional Risks
Potential Climate-Related 
Risk Potential Financial Impact Available Strategy and 
Mitigation Measures Page
90

Acute
– More frequent and severe 
weather events, including  
floods, droughts, extreme 
heat, extreme cold,  
extreme snow and ice, 
hurricanes, and tornadoes, 
leading to business 
interruption and damage 
across operations and 
supply chain
– Larger and more frequent 
wildfires
– Reduced revenue as a 
result of business and 
supply chain interruptions
– Increased write-offs and 
costs for damaged property
– Increased insurance costs
– Business continuity 
planning
– Maintaining the necessary 
insurance
– Engineering controls
– Environmental 
assessments and 
management plans
– Operational procedures 
and plans to identify areas 
prone to severe weather 
events and wildfires
– Drill severe weather event 
and wildfire scenarios
– Monitoring weather 
patterns, storms, and 
wildfire events
– Emergency shutdown 
procedures, followed by 
damage inspection and 
restart protocols
– Right-of-way maintenance
– p 52 
– p 94
– p 33 
– p 52 
– p 8
– p 54
– p 33
– p 52
Chronic
– Long-term shifts in climate 
patterns, possibly resulting 
in new storm patterns, 
coastal flooding, and 
chronic heat waves
– Rising sea levels and tidal 
fluctuations
– Reduced revenue as a 
result of business 
interruption or facility 
shutdown
– Increased costs for 
damaged property and 
facility improvements
– Business continuity 
planning
– Developing engineering 
controls
– Pre-construction planning 
incorporating enhanced 
engineering standards
– Improving facilities to 
accommodate  storm surge
– Monitoring tide levels
– p 52 
– p 8
– p 52
Potential Physical Risks
Potential Climate-Related 
Risk Potential Financial Impact Available Strategy and 
Mitigation Measures Page
The TCFD recognizes that an organization’s efforts to mitigate and adapt to climate change may also 
produce opportunities for the organization.  The TCFD groups those opportunities into five categories: 
• resource efficiency, 
• energy source, 
• products and services,
• markets, and 
• resilience.  
91

As an energy infrastructure company, we recognize and expect that future energy demand will continue to 
be met in part by a growing proportion of renewable energy sources.  Today, the world still relies on 
traditional fuels for most of its energy needs.  While delivering access to the secure energy the world 
requires, we pursue opportunities that also benefit the global effort to address climate change.  
Specifically, we are:
• expanding our natural gas transmission and storage business to maintain energy reliability while 
facilitating greater renewable penetration in the power sector and supporting our LNG customers;  
• pursuing opportunities internally and within the industry to reduce emissions by increasing 
efficiency along our and our customers’ value chains; and 
• exploring new low carbon technologies and business models.  
In February 2021, we established our energy transition ventures group to identify, analyze and pursue 
commercial opportunities emerging from the transition to low carbon energy.  The group focuses on 
customer outreach and business development activities in pursuit of those new ventures, including services 
like carbon capture and sequestration, RNG capture, blue and green hydrogen production, renewable 
power generation, electric transmission, and renewable diesel production.  As always, we will remain 
disciplined and focused on appropriate returns when evaluating investment opportunities in these new 
ventures.  Our energy transition venture group’s first acquisition was Kinetrex Energy, discussed in 
Section 2.3.1 Transition Risk Analysis of the TCFD Report.
The following table contains a brief listing of:
• potential opportunities,
• potential financial impacts,
• our strategy and enhancement measures, and
• page numbers where the topics are discussed in our Report.
Resource Efficiency
– Using more efficient 
equipment
– Using more efficient 
production and distribution 
processes
– Reduced operating costs 
through efficiency gains 
and cost reductions
– Increased production 
capacity, resulting in 
increased revenues
– Increasing use of our 
existing assets
– Leveraging economies of 
scale from incremental 
acquisitions and 
expansions of assets
– p 86
Energy Source
– Using lower-emission 
sources of energy
– Using supportive policy 
incentives
– Using new technologies
– Participating in the carbon 
markets
– Shifting toward 
decentralized energy 
generation
– Attractive returns on 
investment in lower-carbon 
natural gas infrastructure
– Increased capital 
availability as more 
investors favor lower-
emission products
– Reputational benefits 
resulting in increased 
demand for services
– Increased value of fixed 
assets
– Allocating the largest 
portion of our capital to 
lower-carbon natural gas 
infrastructure
– Developing new services 
including storage / 
transportation of lower-
emission energy sources
– Expanding and developing 
lower carbon business 
activities
– p 94
– p 95 
Potential Opportunities
Climate-related 
Opportunities Potential Financial Impact Available Strategy and 
Enhancement Measures Page
92

Products and Services
– Developing and/or 
expanding low emission 
goods and services
– Diversifying business 
activities
– Responding to shifting 
consumer preferences
– Increased revenue through 
demand for lower emission 
products and services
– Increased revenue from our 
competitive position and 
asset flexibility to respond 
to shifting consumer 
preferences
– Allocating the largest 
portion of our capital to 
lower-carbon natural gas 
infrastructure
– Developing new services
– Expanding and developing 
lower carbon business 
activities
– p 93
– p 95 
Markets
– Increased demand for 
natural gas services
– Increased demand for 
natural gas storage and 
pipeline services to 
backstop intermittent 
renewable power supply
– Using public-sector 
incentives for carbon 
sequestration
– Increased demand for 
reliable fuel for power 
generation
– Increased revenue from 
increased demand for 
natural gas gathering, 
processing, transportation, 
storage, and distribution 
– Increased revenue through 
access to new and 
emerging carbon 
sequestration markets
– Allocating the largest 
portion of our capital to 
lower-carbon natural gas 
infrastructure
– Pursuing carbon 
sequestration opportunities
– Developing new services 
focused on deliverability
– p 93 
Resilience
– Responding quickly to 
market changes resulting 
from natural disasters
– Participating in renewable 
energy programs and 
adoption of energy 
efficiency measures
– Increased market valuation 
through resilience planning
– Increased reliability of 
supply chain and ability to 
operate under various 
conditions
– Business continuity 
planning
– Continuing to innovate and 
improve our energy 
management programs
– Evaluating new ways to 
reduce our emissions by 
increasing equipment 
efficiency
– p 52
– p 23
– p 18
Potential Opportunities
Climate-related 
Opportunities Potential Financial Impact Available Strategy and 
Enhancement Measures Page
93

2.2 Financial Planning Considerations 
(CDP C2.1, CDP C2.2d, CDP C2.3a, CDP C3.1, CDP C3.1c, CDP C3.1d, CDP C2.4a, CDP C2.5)
We identify and develop plans for managing a variety of risks and opportunities when allocating capital to 
our assets, establishing budgets for operating and capital projects, and developing our long-range outlook.  
Climate-related risks and opportunities typically manifest themselves indirectly through fundamental 
financial considerations.  For example, embedded in the supply and demand projections we use are the 
expected effects of climate-related factors such as changing consumer behavior, increased energy 
efficiencies, and competing products and services.  Operating and capital project budgets include expected 
costs for climate-related expenses, such as environmental permitting, emission monitoring, emission 
reporting, emission fees, emission offsets, business continuity planning, and insurance, as applicable.  
When we anticipate increased opposition to our capital projects, including climate-related opposition, we 
adjust our project schedules and budgets for enhanced community relations activities.  
We prioritize risks and opportunities based upon likelihood and significance.  We typically give highest 
priority to potential risks and opportunities we consider more probable and most significant.  When we 
assess capital allocation decisions, we may adjust our required levels and thresholds of the following 
criteria:
• rates of return on capital;
• payback periods;
• market demand projections;
• projected operating costs, including compliance costs;
• terminal value projections; 
• customer contract durations; 
• customer and equity partner creditworthiness and protections;
• customer and equity partner concentration;
• per-unit pricing; 
• percentage of contracted capacity; and/or
• level of equity participation and partnership.
When potential climate-related risks are more likely, such as reduced demand for our customers’ products 
as a result of changing consumer behavior, we may reduce estimated or projected revenue after initial 
contract expiration and/or adjust terminal value.  For example, when evaluating expansion projects on our 
refined product pipelines, in some instances we have reduced estimated or projected revenue after 
expiration of the initial contract term and/or used a zero terminal value at the end of the period over which 
our customers have contracted for the additional services provided by the expansion.  We also seek to re-
purpose our existing underutilized assets to provide solutions for our customers at attractive returns with 
reduced risk and less investment.
When we are less certain of a project’s risks or opportunities, we adjust our financial model to, for 
example, increase the hurdle rate for investment in the project and reduce the terminal value expectations.  
In addition to higher returns, our preference is for higher quality cash flow, meaning stable, more certain 
cash flows backstopped by long-term contracts from credit-worthy customers.  We prioritize our 
expansion capital investments to projects where we have contracts with credit-worthy customers that 
allow us to recover our capital within the length of the contracts’ terms.  This approach reduces our 
exposure to medium- and long-term market risks, including climate-related risks.  We accept that our 
disciplined focus on these types of opportunities sometimes restrains our pursuit of higher-risk projects.
94

We have a systematic, disciplined approach to managing counterparty credit risk through a weekly review 
of non-investment grade accounts receivable, customer creditworthiness, and required credit protections.  
We also review any past due accounts receivable monthly.  We have developed and continue to improve 
our culture of thoughtful cost control.  
2.3 Resilience of Our Strategy 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.2, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.3, SASB Rail 
Transportation TR-RA-110a.2, SASB Marine Transportation TR-MT-110a.2, GRI 203-1, CDP C3.1a, 
CDP C3.1d)
To better assess the resilience of our business strategy and understand the impact that climate change 
could have on our business, we performed a high-level assessment of the impact of 1.5-2 °C and 4 °C 
global warming scenarios.  The 1.5-2 °C and 4 °C scenarios were developed assuming the average global 
temperatures will have increased by either 1.5-2 °C or 4 °C by the year 2100.
To update our transition risk analysis, we used the scenarios contemplated in the IEA’s 2020 World 
Energy Outlook, and we considered these scenarios relative to our existing asset base.  The IEA’s 
scenarios consider the future projected energy demand and supply mix from a variety of perspectives, 
including: 
• electricity generation sources and availability, 
• transportation fuels, 
• GHG emissions, and 
• required investment.  
For our physical risk analysis, we used scenarios consistent with the RCP 8.5 4 °C Scenario presented in 
the IPCC’s 2014 Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) which assumes that emissions continue to rise 
throughout the 21st century.  In the 4 °C Scenario, the IPCC assumes that climate policy is less ambitious 
and GHG emissions remain high, which could lead to more severe physical risks, compared to a 1.5-2 °C 
Scenario. 
We considered our potential exposures, mitigation measures, and vulnerabilities to the outcomes for the 
following variables: 
• temperature, 
• precipitation, 
• drought, 
• storm surges, 
• wildfires, 
• hurricanes, 
• floods, 
• sea level rise, and 
• landslides. 
We performed our resiliency assessments by considering the scenarios relative to our existing asset base.  
If the scenarios were to become reality, we could undertake strategies that result in changes to our asset 
base; for example, by entering into new lines of business.  Shifts in our asset base may occur 
incrementally, as we adapt to changes in circumstances, or the shifts could occur quickly through 
acquisitions and divestitures.  An acquisition or sale of material businesses or assets may be significant in 
size relative to our existing assets or operations. 
95

Our operations were tested by extreme weather events like Hurricane Harvey and winter storm Uri and 
because of our prior planning and preparedness have proven resilient.  When winter storm Uri triggered  
widespread rolling blackouts across Texas and several other states, we were able to continue delivering 
energy to the market when many oil and gas producers and natural gas and electric utilities were shut 
down.  We also used our storage reserves to bring natural gas into the market as quickly as possible, 
regardless of price trend.  Uri seriously impacted our state and our industry, and we are committed to 
working within the industry to support an emphasis on preparedness to prevent future widespread power 
outages.
The IEA’s and IPCC’s scenarios are not a prediction of the future, but rather provide a common 
framework for analyzing the potential future global energy mix and impacts of climate change.  The 
assumptions underpinning the IEA’s and IPCC’s scenarios may change over time as new information 
becomes available.  Some of the primary underlying assumptions and indicators currently in the IEA’s and 
IPCC’s scenarios are included in Appendix E – Summary of Scenarios and their Underlying Assumptions 
and Indicators.  There can be no assurance that any of the scenario assessments we perform for our 
businesses and assets are a reliable indicator of any actual impact of climate change on our businesses and 
assets.
It bears repeating that a variety of factors could cause actual results to differ significantly from those 
expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements.  Please see Important Information about 
Policies, Procedures, Practices, and Forward-Looking Statements for additional information.  It is 
impossible to predict with certainty the timing, magnitude, and direction of climate-related risks and 
opportunities.  As a result, it is impossible to predict how resilient we will be to climate-related changes. 
2.3.1 Transition Risk Analysis
The IEA’s 2020 World Energy Outlook detailed two primary scenarios, both of which assumed 
COVID-19 would be gradually brought under control in 2021, allowing for a steady recovery in economic 
activity:
• Stated Policies Scenario – based on stated energy and environmental ambitions, including the 
energy components of announced stimulus or recovery packages, as of mid-2020, to the extent 
they are backed up by specific policies, funding, and measures; as well as progress with the 
implementation of corporate sustainability commitments; and
• Sustainable Development Scenario or SDS – based on the United Nations’ energy-related 
Sustainable Development Goals including universal access to affordable, reliable, and modern 
energy services by 2030, a substantial reduction in air pollution and effective action to combat 
climate change; as well as meeting the Paris Agreement to hold the rise in global average 
temperature to well below 2.0 °C and pursuing efforts to limit it to 1.5 °C above pre-industrial 
levels. 
Under the IEA’s Stated Policies Scenario, global demand for crude oil, NGL, and natural gas is projected 
to grow through 2040. 
96

For our 1.5-2.0 °C scenario analysis, we used the IEA’s SDS.  Under the IEA’s SDS:
• crude oil, NGL, and natural gas remain a significant portion of the energy mix, meeting 46% of 
global primary demand in 2040, but down from 55% in 2019;  
• net crude oil and NGL exports from North America more than quadruple from 2019 to 2040, 
reaching nearly 9 MMBbl/d, even as global demand for those products declines by 34% during the 
same period; and
• net natural gas exports from North America increase by more than 50% from 2019 to 2040, 
surpassing 10 Bcf/d, even as global demand ultimately declines by 12% over the same period.
Some key assumptions and indicators of the IEA’s SDS include:
• global population grows by nearly 1.5 billion people or 19% from 2019 to 2040;
• global primary energy demand declines by 10% from 2019 to 2040, while energy intensity, the 
ratio of primary energy demand to gross domestic product, is cut in half over the same period;
• electric cars account for nearly 40% of total passenger car sales in 2030 versus 2.5% in 2019;
• solar photovoltaics and wind contribute 45% of global electricity generation by 2040 versus 8% in 
2019; 
• global biofuels demand more than triples from 2019 to 2040 to comprise 10% of the liquid fuels 
market by 2040 versus 2% in 2019;
• global investment in energy efficiency exceeds $800 billion per year on average from 2031 to 
2040, more than three times the average annual investment made between 2015 and 2019; and
• global investment in electricity networks and battery storage reaches $885 billion per year on 
average from 2031 to 2040, approximately three times the average annual investment made 
between 2015 and 2019.
Transition Risk Analysis Results
As noted above, our business strategy is to focus on stable fee-based energy transportation and storage 
assets and to operate them safely and in an environmentally sound manner.  We allocate capital to our 
assets in a disciplined manner and typically operate under multi-year contracts with our customers.  We 
seek to be proactive in adapting to changing circumstances.  Thus far, our business strategy is proving 
effective in adapting to climate-related risks and opportunities.
The majority of our growth capital expenditures have been and are expected to continue to be allocated to 
assets that serve lower carbon fuels, such as conventional natural gas, responsibly sourced natural gas, 
RNG, LNG, renewable diesel, other biofuels, and biofuel feedstocks.  As reflected in the following chart, 
we allocated approximately 74% of our 2020 expansion capital to lower carbon fuels. 
97

(a)  Liquid hydrocarbons include expansion capital allocated to crude oil, refined products, and NGL projects.
(b)  EOR includes the expansion capital allocated to our CO2 business segment for CO2 and crude oil exploration, production, 
and transportation.
(c)  Does not include non-expansion joint venture contributions and overhead.
As a result of expansion projects, organic growth and acquisitions, our Natural Gas Pipelines business 
segment has grown significantly since 2009 and now comprises approximately 62% of Adjusted Segment 
EBDA, up from approximately 27% in 2009.  Contributions by each of our business segments to Adjusted 
Segment EBDA are presented in the following chart.
98

(a)  For additional information about our use of and calculation for Adjusted Segment EBDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, 
see Part II, Item 7 included in our 2020 Form 10-K annual report, which is available through the SEC’s EDGAR system at 
https://www.sec.gov and on our website at https://ir.kindermorgan.com/financials/annual-reports/default.aspx.
Natural gas in North America is plentiful, inexpensive, and clean-burning relative to other fossil fuels.
Partly due to the increased number of cleaner burning natural gas-fired power plants, CO2 emissions from 
U.S. electricity generation in 2020 were at their lowest levels since 1978, and 40% below 2007 levels, 
while the U.S. population increased 48% from 223 million in 1978 to 329 million in 2020.38,39,40,41,42
As the rate of renewables penetration increases, reliable and dispatchable natural gas plants will continue 
to provide peaking and balancing power to meet the variable load demand requirements of electric 
generation.43  This need becomes even more acute during the early part of the energy transition because 
baseload electricity generation from coal and natural gas is being removed faster than intermittent 
renewable generation from wind and solar is being added.  The IEA’s SDS projects that this situation 
could be further exacerbated by inadequate energy storage as capacity additions of renewables accelerate 
to meet the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement. 
99
38 EIA. “May 2021 Month Energy Review: Table 11.6.” EIA, May 2021: 203. 2021. <https://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/
monthly/archive/00352105.pdf>.
39 EIA. “Annual Energy Review 2011: Table 11.2e.” EIA, Sept. 2012: 309. 2021. <https://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/data/
annual/pdf/aer.pdf>.
40 EIA. “March 2021 Monthly Energy Review: Table 11.6.” EIA, Mar. 2021: 203. 2021. <https://www.eia.gov/totalenergy/
data/monthly/archive/00352103.pdf>.
41 U.S. Census Bureau. “Historical National Population Estimates: July 1, 1900 to July 1, 1999.” U.S. Census Bureau, Feb. 
2000. 2021. <https://www2.census.gov/programs-surveys/popest/tables/1900-1980/national/totals/popclockest.txt>.
42 U.S. Census Bureau. “Annual Estimates of the Resident Population for the United States, Regions, States, and the District of 
Columbia: April 1, 2010 to July 1, 2020 (NST-EST2020)” U.S. Census Bureau. 2021. <https://www2.census.gov/programs-
surveys/popest/tables/2010-2020/state/totals/nst-est2020.xlsx>.  
43 Black & Veatch Management Consulting, LLC. “The Role of Natural Gas in the Transition to a Lower-Carbon Economy.” 
INGAA, 7 May 2019: 2-4. 2021. <https://www.ingaa.org/File.aspx?id=36501>.

Because of the foregoing, and the fact that the majority of our assets and growth projects are dedicated to 
natural gas, we expect to maintain a sustainable economic position even in a carbon-constrained economy.  
Growth in renewable-firming pipeline services and infrastructure, such as market-area gas storage, is 
increasingly needed to supplement the variable power supply from renewable generation.44  We therefore 
expect our expansive natural gas pipeline and storage footprint to provide continuing opportunities to 
competitively deliver customer-driven solutions in a lower carbon world.  Greater natural gas pipeline 
deliverability, properly contracted and nominated, is proving critical to improving the reliability of 
electricity generated from renewable energy sources like wind and solar.  We are expanding our service 
offerings to address these market needs by marketing the deliverability and reliability of natural gas from 
our transportation and storage network as a complement to renewable energy.  As part of that strategy, we 
increased our natural gas storage assets with the acquisition of Stagecoach Gas Services in July 2021.  
These storage assets will help to backstop the expected growing renewable power generation in the 
Northeast. 
Under the IEA’s SDS, global trade in LNG is expected to increase by over 40% by 2030 and 80% by 2040 
relative to 2019.  Over the same period, North American natural gas production is expected to outstrip 
domestic demand by approximately 7 to 15 Bcf/d, making excess supply available for export to overseas 
markets.  Our substantial natural gas transportation and storage infrastructure is connected to most major 
supply basins and demand markets in the U.S., including multiple LNG export facilities.  As such, we 
believe there should be continued opportunities to use our assets to support this trade.  In the fourth 
quarter of 2020, we delivered 46% of the feedgas to U.S. LNG export facilities. 
While natural gas has many advantages, other hydrocarbon fuels are generally affordable, dependable, 
plentiful, and, as a result of advancements in technology, increasingly more efficient.  Hydrocarbon fuels 
are supported by an enormous, sophisticated, worldwide network of infrastructure.  Hydrocarbons are 
inputs to products society uses every day, not only for fuel, but also as raw materials for the production of 
synthetic fabrics, fertilizers, solvents, and industrial chemicals.  We believe it will take decades and a 
substantial investment of resources for other technologies to supplant the existing hydrocarbon network.  
We anticipate the transition to lower demand for fossil fuels, even under the IEA’s SDS, would occur 
gradually over the next decade.  Accordingly, we plan to continue to operate, develop, and/or acquire 
diversified energy infrastructure assets in each of our business segments, consistent with our commitment 
to deliver energy to improve lives and create a better world.  While demand for the current services of 
some of our assets may decline as a result of a transition, many of our assets are well-positioned to 
transport, store, or handle lower-carbon or transition-driven products, such as renewable fuels, hydrogen, 
and bulk mineral concentrates.  
Our Products Pipelines and Terminals business segments are major transporters or handlers of gasoline, jet 
fuel, and other distillate products.  If, as a result of the increased efficiency of gasoline powered vehicles 
and continued EV penetration as contemplated in IEA’s SDS, there is less domestic demand for gasoline, 
we would expect our liquids pipelines and many of our liquids terminals to transition to handling lower-
carbon renewable fuels and a higher percentage of diesel for long-haul vehicles and jet fuel for aircraft.
To the extent the developing world transitions away from traditional transportation fuels at a slower pace 
than the U.S., we anticipate our blue water terminals on the U.S. Gulf Coast, many of which are pipeline-
connected to some of the most complex and cost-competitive refineries in the world, could benefit from 
100
44 Black & Veatch Management Consulting, LLC. “The Role of Natural Gas in the Transition to a Lower-Carbon Economy.” 
INGAA, 7 May 2019: 2-4. 2021. <https://www.ingaa.org/File.aspx?id=36501>.

increased exports of those products.  We would also expect our natural gas pipeline and storage assets to 
benefit from the incremental electricity production required for EVs.
The timeframe to transition our assets from handling one material to another varies from immediately to 
roughly three years.  For example, volumes of renewable diesel or RNG can be accommodated 
immediately with existing liquid and natural gas assets.  Converting a transmission asset from higher 
carbon liquids to lower carbon natural gas could take two to three years.
Lower Carbon Fuels and CCUS 
The IEA’s Stated Policies Scenario shows that the world is not yet on a path consistent with remaining at 
less than 2.0 °C above pre-industrial levels.  Low carbon fuels, such as RNG, responsibly sourced natural 
gas, renewable diesel, and hydrogen, and CCUS are emerging as a few of the many potential solutions that 
could accelerate the world’s progress along a path to limit the rise in global temperatures to less than 1.5 
°C.   
• RNG
RNG is a pipeline-quality gas that is interchangeable with conventional natural gas and thus can be 
transported, stored, and used in the same applications as natural gas.  RNG is essentially biogas, 
the gaseous product of the decomposition of organic matter that has been processed to purity 
standards.  In addition to serving as a way to produce a low carbon fuel, the RNG production 
process captures greenhouse gases that would otherwise be emitted to the atmosphere.  While the 
market for RNG has increased over time, it still represents a fraction of total natural gas 
consumption.  In the U.S., approximately 98 MMscf/d of RNG was produced in 2020, which 
accounts for approximately 0.1% of the 2020 U.S. natural gas supply.  Between landfills, dairy 
farms, swine farms, and other RNG sources, IEA’s SDS estimates North American RNG demand  
to increase to 3.5 Bcf/d by 2040.45 
Since 2018, we have connected five RNG sites to our pipeline systems that have a takeaway 
capacity of approximately 20 MMcf/d of RNG, which could have accounted for nearly 25% of the 
RNG market share in 2019.  The methane emissions from one of these sites, which manages over 
64 thousand cattle, is equivalent to approximately 1.4 MMcf/d of avoided methane emissions.
We expanded our RNG footprint with our acquisition of Indianapolis-based Kinetrex Energy 
(Kinetrex), on August 20, 2021.  Kinetrex is the leading supplier of liquefied natural gas in the 
Midwest and a rapidly growing player in producing and supplying RNG under long-term contracts 
to transportation service providers.  Kinetrex has a 50% interest in the largest RNG facility in 
Indiana as well as signed commercial agreements to begin construction on three additional landfill 
based RNG facilities.  When these additional facilities become operational next year, the total 
annual RNG production from the four sites is estimated to be over 4 Bcf.
In April 2021, we became a member of the Coalition for Renewable Natural Gas (RNG Coalition) 
that serves as the public policy advocate and education platform for the Renewable Natural Gas 
industry in North America. 
101
45 IEA. “Outlook for biogas and biomethane: Prospects for organic growth.” IEA, Mar. 2020. 2021. <https://www.iea.org/
reports/outlook-for-biogas-and-biomethane-prospects-for-organic-growth>.

• Responsibly Sourced Natural Gas
Responsibly sourced natural gas is conventional natural gas that has been produced by companies 
whose operations meet certain ESG standards.  These standards typically focus on management 
practices for methane emissions, water usage, and community relations.  As of July 2021, there are 
14 natural gas producers who are members of ONE Future that have committed to responsibly 
produce natural gas and have a target methane emission intensity rate of 0.28% of production by 
2025.  Total responsibly produced natural gas across the 14 member companies in 2020 averaged 
approximately 17.3 Bcf/d in the U.S., which represents about 19% of the current U.S. dry natural 
gas production.  Given consumers’ growing climate-related concerns, the market for responsibly 
sourced natural gas is expected to grow as natural gas consumers demand that their natural gas be 
responsibly produced and transported. 
In 2021 we entered into two first-of-their-kind pilot projects to transport responsibly sourced 
natural gas to Colorado utilities.  We signed another agreement to transport responsibly sourced 
natural gas to a large utility in the Northeast U.S during the second quarter of 2021. 
• Renewable Diesel, Sustainable Aviation Fuel, and Renewable Fuel Feedstocks
Renewable diesel, also known as hydrotreated vegetable oil, is a high-quality, non-petroleum,  
renewable fuel made from animal fats, plant oils, and used cooking oil.  It is often referred to as an 
advanced biofuel or second-generation biofuel.  Renewable diesel is often confused with 
traditional biodiesel, also known as Fatty Acid Methyl Ester, or FAME.  While both are made from 
organic biomasses, they are different products with different production processes, cleanliness, and 
quality.  Unlike biodiesel, which is subject to more stringent blending limitations, renewable diesel 
is chemically the same as petroleum diesel and can be handled by the vast network of existing 
liquids storage and transportation infrastructure.
The greenhouse gas emissions of renewable diesel and traditional biodiesel are typically 50-80% 
lower than conventional diesel.  This makes both options attractive in a decarbonizing world as we 
work to meet environmental standards like the Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) in California 
and the U.S. Federal Renewable Fuel Standard. 
Our Products Pipelines business segment is constructing new renewable diesel hubs in both 
northern and southern California to serve the California diesel market.  Our Terminals business 
segment handles renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) at our facilities along the 
Houston Ship Channel and the lower Mississippi River.  The Terminals business segment also 
stores and transloads renewable diesel feedstocks, including used cooking oil, animal fats, and 
vegetable oils, at several locations across our network.  
Our Terminals business segment is expanding our biofuels feedstock operations to create a 
potential feedstocks storage and logistics hub at one of our facilities on the lower Mississippi 
River.  The project is underpinned by a long-term commercial agreement and will enhance existing 
infrastructure to support our customer’s growing production of renewable diesel, sustainable 
aviation fuel, and renewable plastics. 
• Hydrogen
Hydrogen is well suited for long-distance transportation.  In fact, hydrogen energy can be 
transported 10 to 20 times cheaper through pipelines than the equivalent energy through 
102

transmission lines.46  In addition, the U.S. has in place an extensive network of natural gas 
pipelines that could be upgraded to accept hydrogen blends which could reduce the level of 
necessary investment in hydrogen infrastructure.47
Transitioning to hydrogen fuel could potentially integrate well with our natural gas business.  In 
general, hydrogen could be shipped on natural gas pipelines in low concentrations, possibly 
up to 5% to 10%, with potentially little or no modification, depending on pipeline metallurgy, age, 
and various other operating parameters.
As the demand for hydrogen grows and the hydrogen energy market develops further, we expect to 
continue to evaluate the ability and opportunity for our pipelines to transport hydrogen, as we 
believe pipelines will ultimately be the safest and most efficient mode of transportation for this 
fuel.
Current estimates among many analysts suggests that hydrogen energy opportunities will start to 
develop around 2030, making modest inroads between now and then.  The U.S. currently produces 
approximately 10 million metric tons per year of hydrogen, with an energy equivalent of 3.35 Bcf/d 
of natural gas, which goes primarily into petroleum refining and ammonia production.48  Current 
estimates project that the hydrogen market will grow by eight times by 2050 due to demand for 
low carbon hydrogen fuel.49 
Today’s hydrogen production in the U.S. is mainly from the conversion of natural gas into what is 
referred to as gray hydrogen due to the associated CO2 emissions from the process.  As the market 
for low carbon hydrogen grows, it is thought that CCUS will be used to abate the emissions from 
hydrogen production from natural gas, thereby making blue hydrogen.  In the near term, blue 
hydrogen could potentially be a cheaper form of low carbon hydrogen than green hydrogen, which 
is made by the electrolysis of water using renewable power.  Blue hydrogen relies on existing and 
proven at scale technologies, while electrolysis technology needs further development in order for 
green hydrogen to compete on a cost basis with blue hydrogen.
• CCUS
We also believe the increased need for CCUS technologies could be a future opportunity for us.  
Our CO2 business segment’s extensive CO2 assets and expertise in processing, transporting, 
injecting, and managing CO2 should make us an attractive partner for CCUS initiatives and future 
developments.  Rising demand for carbon capture and geologic sequestration may provide both 
incremental CO2 transportation revenues and downstream EOR and sequestration opportunities.   
Our Snyder Gas Plant captures CO2 from produced gas streams and re-injects it into producing 
reservoirs for enhanced oil recovery.  Processing the produced gas and capturing CO2 helps to 
avoid gas flaring and vented emissions. 
103
46 Becker, Meike. “All hydrogen roads lead to renewables (and through Rome?)” Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC, 3 Sept. 
2020: 3..
47 Becker, Meike. “All hydrogen roads lead to renewables (and through Rome?)” Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC, 3 Sept. 
2020: 3.
48 Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable Energy. “Hydrogen Production.” Office of Energy Efficiency & Renewable 
Energy. 2021.<https://www.energy.gov/eere/fuelcells/hydrogen-production>.
49 Hydrogen Council. “Hydrogen scaling up: A sustainable pathway for the global energy transition.” Hydrogen Council, Nov. 
2017: 20. 2021. <https://hydrogencouncil.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/Hydrogen-Scaling-up_Hydrogen-
Council_2017.compressed.pdf>.

Anticipating a lower-carbon economy, in addition to directing more of our capital investment toward our 
Natural Gas Pipelines business segment and biofuels, we are continually working to monitor and improve 
our processes and our perspectives on policies, activities, and trends related to the transition to a lower-
carbon economy and on the long-term supply and demand for the products we handle.  
We believe our capital allocation philosophy will help guide our participation in a lower-carbon economy.  
That philosophy is to fund our expansion capital needs internally, maintain a healthy balance sheet, and 
return excess cash to our shareholders through dividend increases and/or share repurchases.
As a result of our 1.5-2.0 °C scenario analysis and our ESG reporting initiative, where appropriate, we:
• evaluate our longer-term views in light of the IEA’s SDS;
• coordinate energy market analysis across our business segments;
• monitor key climate-related market indicators, such as:
◦ climate-related policy proposals and regulatory changes;
◦ natural gas and renewable penetration into the power markets;
◦ EV adoption rates, vehicle efficiency standards, and average miles driven;
◦ biofuel and hydrogen markets; and
◦ technological advancements and price signals for CCUS; 
• expand our evaluation of the economics of emission reduction technologies over a range of 
potential carbon tax prices; and
• discuss these topics with our Board and its EHS Committee.
Further, in anticipation of a transition to a lower-carbon economy, we also seek opportunities to:
• reduce our emissions,
• enhance our expertise in CCUS,
• store and transport biofuels,
• repurpose our assets,
• modify existing assets or develop assets for LNG export opportunities, and
• expand our natural gas deliverability.
We present and discuss these opportunities with our Board. 
2.3.2 Physical Risk Analysis Results 
Given the diversity and size of our asset footprint and the criticality of the infrastructure we operate, we 
maintain a forward-looking approach to potential impacts of climate change and incorporate fiscally 
responsible risk mitigation into our operations.  In our 2019 Report, we reported on the results of our 
physical risk analysis and completed the following:
• expanded the table of potential physical risks and our mitigation measures in Section 2.1 Potential 
Climate-Related Risks, Opportunities, and Impacts of the TCFD Report to reflect the results of our 
4 °C Scenario analysis;
• evaluated our physical risk assessments and our mitigative measures and determined that acute 
risks such as hurricanes, wildfires, flooding, and heat waves are adequately addressed; and
• identified opportunities for improvement in our mitigative measures for some chronic risks, 
projected by the 4 °C Scenario analysis, including rising sea levels and changes in tidal patterns.  
104

As described in Sections 2.2 Management System and 12.3 Business Continuity Planning and Emergency 
Preparedness of the Sustainability Report, we work to continuously improve our processes and procedures 
for mitigating acute physical climate change risks.  We routinely drill scenarios that include these acute 
risks.  To further address chronic risks identified through the 4 °C Scenario analysis, we evaluated which 
of our assets could likely be affected by the rising sea levels projected in a 4 °C Scenario.  As a result of 
this analysis, we reviewed our engineering standards and made adjustments, where warranted, to address 
potential future risk due to rising sea levels, changes in tidal patterns, wildfires, hurricanes, and other 
extreme weather events.  
3.0 Risk and Opportunity Management 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.2, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.3, SASB Rail 
Transportation TR-RA-110a.2, Marine Transportation SASB TR-MT-110a.2, GRI 102-30, GRI 102-32, 
GRI 201-2, CDP C2.2, CDP C4.2, CDP C9.1)
Our management system is designed to help us monitor and assess various types of risks and 
opportunities, including those related to climate.  We identify and evaluate risks and opportunities based 
on both actual and potential likelihood and significance.  Depending on the nature of the risk or 
opportunity being considered, we evaluate consequences based on a variety of attributes such as:
• health and safety,
• financial,
• operational, and 
• environmental.
Our management system promotes continuous improvement and adjustment to changing conditions, 
including actual and potential risks and opportunities in the near-, medium-, and long-term.  This 
integrated and comprehensive approach helps facilitate resiliency in our assets and business strategy.
Our management system establishes intentional, routine risk and opportunity management activities that 
are designed to achieve the following objectives: 
• maintain financial and operational discipline; 
• reveal and manage risks and opportunities, increasingly including climate-related risks and 
opportunities; and 
• continually improve our performance and culture.
Our management system processes and procedures are performed through regular meetings, processes, 
and reports that establish a rhythm for our business as outlined in the following table.
105

Meeting and Topics Covered
Each topic is covered as warranted and is not covered at every meeting.  Other 
topics, not listed below, are also periodically covered.  There are also additional 
regular meetings not listed below.
Personnel Involved in 
Process
Weekly
Monday Management Meeting
CEO, President, COO, business segment presidents and corporate 
function heads meet two hours each week for financial and 
operational review.
– Actual and forecasted financial performance vs. budget for the 
week, month, quarter, and year, which includes costs of compliance, 
fuel, energy, production, and public relations
– Demand for our services
– Near-term business development opportunities and risks
– General business risks and opportunities
– EHS and pipeline encroachment incidents
– Customer credit risk changes and accounts receivable activity for 
non-investment grade customers
– Impacts on business from weather, natural disasters, and other 
incidents 
– Capital project progress
– CEO, President, COO, 
Business Segment and 
Operating Company 
Presidents, CFO, CAO, 
General Counsel, Corporate 
Department Management
Monthly
Business Segment Operations Meeting
– Progress toward reducing risk of high consequence assets and 
operations
– Internal and external incidents, near misses, and lessons learned
– Process improvements, efficiency, and productivity improvements
– Progress on expanding systems to more assets and operations, more 
operations goals, and more regulatory and other requirements
– Leading indicators and their meaning
– Significant results of internal and external audits, evaluations, and 
assessments, including status of corrective actions
– Stakeholder feedback
– Other key performance indicators
– Business Segment and 
Operating Company 
Presidents, Business 
Segment COOs, Operations 
and EHS Vice Presidents 
and Directors
Earnings Meetings
Review actual financial results for the month and the quarter.
– CEO, President, COO, 
Business Segment and 
Operating Company 
Presidents, CFO, General 
Counsel, Corporate and 
Business Segment Financial 
Planning
Accounts Receivable Review Meeting
Discuss collection status for past due accounts receivable balances.
– CFO, Controller, Corporate 
and Business Segment 
Accounting
Meeting and Topics Covered
Each topic is covered as warranted and is not covered at every meeting.  Other topics, 
not listed below, are also periodically covered.  There are also additional regular 
meetings not listed below.
Personnel Involved in 
Process
106

Quarterly
Quarterly Business Review for each business segment
Respective business segment presidents, COOs, and function heads 
provide the CEO and President with a “state of the business” 
presentation.
– Financial performance
– Near-, medium-, and long-term 
– strategies
– market dynamics and trends
– risks and opportunities
– Commercial discussions
– Progress and plans for reducing risk to potential high consequence 
assets and operations
– Operational performance
– Expansion project updates
– risks and opportunities
– environmental and other permits and related compliance activities
– financial performance vs. forecast and budget
– forecasted project capital expenditures
– forecasted project EBITDA
– estimated in-service date
– milestone completion dates and projected in service date
– safety 
– quality
– regulation
– project opposition
– impacts from weather, natural disasters, and other incidents
– supply chains
– The status and effectiveness of corrective actions resulting from 
previous management reviews
– Regulatory and litigation updates
– These reviews may also include a long-range outlook financial 
projection and a less comprehensive review on other subjects
– CEO, President, COO, 
Business Segment and 
Operating Company 
Presidents, CFO, CAO, 
General Counsel, Corporate 
Department Management, 
Business Segment COOs, 
Department Vice Presidents 
and Directors
Operations Group Meeting
COO and Business segment COOs share knowledge and best practices 
across business segments and review progress on actions taken to 
improve safety and performance.
– Proposed best practices across business segments
– Conflicts in interpretations of regulatory requirements identified by 
the EHS or legal departments
– Proposed modifications to the OMS
– Updates from operations working groups
– Internal and external incident and near miss trends and lessons 
learned
– COO, Business Segment 
COOs, Working Group 
Leads
Operations Working Group Meetings
– Operational considerations and regulatory risks
– Incident Review
– OMS adjustments
– Security
– Disaster Preparation, Response and Recovery
– Regulatory Compliance
– Compliance Systems
– Process Safety Management/Risk Management Plans
– Subject Matter 
Professionals
Meeting and Topics Covered
Each topic is covered as warranted and is not covered at every meeting.  Other topics, 
not listed below, are also periodically covered.  There are also additional regular 
meetings not listed below.
Personnel Involved in 
Process
107

Periodically
Long-Range Outlook Update
– Five-year projections of: 
– Revenue
– Capital expenditures
– Operating expenses
– Distributable cash flow, EBITDA, and segment EBDA
– Adjust budget for projects, contract changes, etc.
– Translate to an annual plan
– CEO, President, COO, 
Business Segment and 
Operating Company 
Presidents, Business 
Segment COOs, CFO, 
General Counsel, Corporate 
and Business Segment 
Financial Planning
Annually
Budget Review
CEO, President, business segment presidents and corporate function 
heads review annual budgets and establish financial targets and 
operational metrics against which to evaluate performance in the 
coming year.
– Staffing, assets, systems, and other resources needed for business 
segments to operate in a safe, environmentally sound, and efficient 
manner
– revenue impacts
– compliance costs
– fuel costs
– insurance costs
– public relations costs
– production costs 
– Capital expenditures, operating expenditures, and margins
– Commercial developments, such as contract rate and volumetric 
changes
– Translated to a monthly plan
– Manager level and above
Meeting and Topics Covered
Each topic is covered as warranted and is not covered at every meeting.  Other topics, 
not listed below, are also periodically covered.  There are also additional regular 
meetings not listed below.
Personnel Involved in 
Process
In addition to our management system, to address certain risks we maintain other risk management 
programs and processes, such as:
• Energy commodity price risk management and mitigation program,
• Process Safety Management/Risk Management Plans,
• IMP, 
• Responsible Care®, 
• Cyber Threat Response Plan, and
• Critical Facility Security Plans.
4.0 Metrics and Targets 
4.1 Climate-Related Metrics 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.1, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.1, SASB Rail 
Transportation TR-RA-110a.1, SASB Marine Transportation TR-MT-110a.1, GRI 102-29, GRI 102-30, 
GRI 201-2, CDP C6.1, CDP C6.2, CDP C6.3, CDP C6.5)
See Section 3.0 Greenhouse Gas Emissions of our Sustainability Report for our metrics to measure 
climate-related risk and opportunities.
108

4.2 Scope 1, Scope 2, and Scope 3 GHG Emissions 
(SASB Midstream EM-MD-110a.1, SASB Exploration & Production EM-EP-110a.1, GRI 305-1, GRI 
305-2, GRI 305-3, CDP C6.1, CDP C6.3, CDP C6.5, CDP C7.3, CDP C7.6, CDP C7.9)
See Section 3.1 Gross Global Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, Percentage Methane, Percentage Covered under 
Emissions-Limiting Regulations of our Sustainability Report for our gross global Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions. 
4.3 Climate-Related Targets 
(CDP C4.1, CDP C4.1a, CDP C4.1b, CDP C4.2)
See Section 3.4.3 GHG Targets of our Sustainability Report for our climate-related targets.
109

Appendix A.1 – ESG Disclosure Topics & Accounting Metrics 
Air emissions for the following pollutants:
NOx (excluding N2O)† Thousand 
metric tons 58.7 57.9 52.2
SOx†
Thousand 
metric tons 0.3 0.4 0.3
VOCs† Thousand 
metric tons 13.7 14.4 12.7
PM10†
Thousand 
metric tons 1.3 1.4 1.4
Water management
CO2 business segment - fresh water 
withdrawn†
Thousand 
cubic meters 1,487 1,489 1,208
CO2 business segment - fresh water consumed† Thousand 
cubic meters 1,487 1,489 1,208
CO2 business segment - fresh water withdrawn 
intensity†
Thousand 
cubic meters 
of fresh 
water 
consumed 
per BOE 
throughput
0.04 0.04 0.04
Water use for hydrostatic integrity testing↟ Thousand 
cubic meters 74 24 57
Ecological impacts
Percentage of land operated within or near 
areas of protected conservation status or 
endangered species habitat(a)†
%  33 %  30 %  30 %
Spills
Hydrocarbon spills
Number of hydrocarbon spills† # 37 43 41
Aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills† bbl 11,530 975 2,380
Aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills in 
Unusually Sensitive Areas↟ bbl 180 52 1,398
Hydrocarbon spill volume recovered† bbl 7,332 861 1,769
Marine spills and releases to the 
environment
Number of marine spills and releases to the 
environment↟ # 1 0 1
Aggregate volume of marine spills and 
releases to the environment↟ Cubic meters 0 0 0
Environmental fines and penalties paid↟ Thousands $ 648 $ 215 $ 70 
Employee and contractor health and safety - 
excluding self-reported COVID-19 cases
Total recordable incident rate
Employees↟
# Recordable 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
1.0 1.0 0.7
Target - employee TRIR industry 
average↟
# Recordable 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
2.3 2.0 2.0
Year Ended December 31
Unit 2018 2019 2020
110

Target - employee TRIR three-year 
average↟
# Recordable 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
1.2 1.1 1.0
Contractors↟
# Recordable 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
0.7 0.6 0.4
Short-service total recordable incident rate
Employees↟
# Recordable 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
1.1 1.2 0.9
Lost time incident rate
Employees↟
#  
Recordable 
lost time 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
0.5 0.5 0.4
Contractors↟
#  
Recordable 
lost time 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
— — 0.1
Fatalities
Employees↟ # 0 0 0
Contractors↟ # 0 0 0
Marine lost time incident rate↟
# Lost time 
incidents/ 
1,000,000 
hours 
worked
0.6 0.3 0.6
OSHA recordable incidents
Number of recordable employee injuries/
illnesses↟ # 121 116 81
Number of recordable short-service 
injuries/illnesses↟ # 8 9 7
Number of recordable contractor injuries/
illnesses↟ # 40 36 19
Number of recordable employee lost time 
cases↟ # 63 54 41
Number of recordable contractor lost time 
cases↟ # — — 3
Number of recordable marine lost time 
cases↟ # 2 1 2
Employee and contractor health and safety - 
including self-reported COVID-19 cases
Total recordable incident rate
Employees†
# Recordable 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
1.0 1.0 1.4
Contractors†
# Recordable 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
0.7 0.6 0.4
Year Ended December 31
Unit 2018 2019 2020
111

Short-service total recordable incident rate
Short-service employees†
# Recordable 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
1.1 1.2 1.9
Lost time incident rate
Employees↟
#  
Recordable 
lost time 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
0.5 0.5 1.0
Contractors†
#  
Recordable 
lost time 
incidents/ 
100 full- 
time workers
— — 0.1
Fatalities
Employees† # 0 0 2
Contractors† # 0 0 0
Marine lost time incident rate↟
# Recordable 
lost time 
incidents/ 
1,000,000 
hours 
worked
0.6 0.3 0.6
OSHA recordable incidents
Number of recordable employee injuries/
illnesses† # 121 116 164
Number of recordable short-service 
injuries/illnesses† # 8 9 13
Number of recordable contractor injuries/
illnesses† # 40 36 19
Number of recordable employee lost time 
cases↟ # 63 54 116
Number of recordable contractor lost time 
cases† # — — 3
Number of recordable marine lost time 
cases↟ # 2 1 2
Average hours of employee health, safety, and 
emergency response training↟
Hours/ 
employee 17 17 13
Supply chain management
Supplier demographics
Percentage of small business, diverse, and 
veteran-owned supplier procurement 
spend vs. total supplier procurement 
spend↟
% —  31 %  41 %
Total small business, diverse, and veteran-
owned supplier procurement spend↟ Millions — $ 1,593 $ 1,675 
Service supplier monitoring
Percentage of service suppliers subject to 
performance audits↟ %  100 %  100 %  100 %
Number of service suppliers audited↟ # 172 248 569
Percentage of service suppliers audited↟ %  5 %  7 %  17 %
Year Ended December 31
Unit 2018 2019 2020
112

Waste management
Hazardous waste
Amount generated† Metric tons 5,203 9,888 6,662
Percent recycled† %  57 %  55 %  55 %
Recycled business waste
Recycled aluminum, cardboard, glass, 
paper, and plastic↟ Tons 155 119 46
Competitive behavior and pricing integrity and 
transparency
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of 
legal proceedings associated with federal 
pipeline and storage rate, access, and pricing 
regulations↟
Millions $ 0 $ 19.5 $ 1.3 
Legal or regulatory fines, settlements, or 
penalties associated with bribery and 
corruption↟
Dollars $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 
Operational safety
Reportable pipeline incidents 
Number of reportable pipeline incidents↟ # 53 60 55
Percentage of reportable pipeline incidents 
that are significant↟ %  43 %  40 %  45 %
Natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines 
inspection
Percentage of natural gas pipelines 
inspected† %  14 %  19 %  20 %
Percentage of hazardous liquid pipelines 
inspected† %  18 %  27 %  28 %
Rail transportation operational safety
Number of accident releases from rail 
transportation↟ # 0 0 0
Number of non-accident releases from rail 
transportation↟ # 1 1 3
Number of FRA recommended violation 
defects↟ # 5 32 14
Political contributions
Contributions to political campaigns, 
candidates, and parties↟ Thousands $ 0 $ 0 $ 0 
Payments to lobbying organizations↟ Thousands $ 575 $ 265 $ 197 
Trade association dues↟ Thousands $ 2,502 $ 2,523 $ 2,680 
Non-deductible portion of trade association 
dues attributed to lobbying and political 
expenditures↟
Thousands $ 180 $ 225 $ 212 
Payments made in relation to ballot measures↟ Thousands $ 10 $ 0 $ 0 
Income taxes paid
U.S. Federal↟ Millions $ (149) $ (1) $ (20) 
U.S. State↟ Millions $ 26 $ 4 $ 6 
Canada↟ Millions $ 11 $ 360 $ 236 
Mexico↟ Millions $ 3 $ 8 $ 5 
Brazil↟ Millions $ 0 $ 1 $ 0 
Total income taxes paid, net↟ Millions $ (109) $ 372 $ 227 
Royalties and duties paid↟ Millions $ 72 $ 70 $ 47 
Year Ended December 31
Unit 2018 2019 2020
113

Employee demographics
Part-time employees↟ # 9 6 7
Temporary employees↟ # 6 5 2
Employee age representation(b)
Average age† # 46 45 45
Percentage under 18 years old† %  0 %  0 %  0 %
Percentage from 18 through 29 years old† %  11 %  11 %  10 %
Percentage from 30 through 50 years old† %  51 %  52 %  53 %
Percentage over 50 years old† %  39 %  38 %  37 %
Female employee representation
Percentage of workforce(b)† %  16 %  16 %  16 %
Percentage of management(b)† %  18 %  19 %  20 %
Percentage of executive officers(c)↟ %  27 %  27 %  25 %
Percentage of Board of Directors(c)† %  13 %  13 %  13 %
Minority employee representation
Percentage of workforce(b)† %  28 %  29 %  30 %
Percentage of management(b)† %  19 %  19 %  20 %
Percentage of executive officers(c)↟ %  18 %  18 %  17 %
Percentage of Board of Directors(c)† %  6 %  6 %  7 %
Percent of workforce with disabilities↟ %  4 %  4 %  4 %
Employee turnover
Involuntary employee turnover↟ %  2 %  4 %  6 %
Voluntary employee turnover↟ %  7 %  6 %  4 %
Total↟ %  9 %  10 %  10 %
Hours of employee development training↟ Thousand 
hours 211 228 351
Total investment in employee training↟ Millions — — $27
Kinder Morgan Foundation donations, employee 
donations, and corporate and project-related 
community investments↟
Thousands $ 1,949 $ 1,897 $ 3,408 
Year Ended December 31
Unit 2018 2019 2020
(a) For the 2020 reporting year, we downloaded the USFWS dataset in the first quarter of 2021, the WDPA dataset in the 
second quarter of 2021, and completed the analysis using our GIS datasets as of the second quarter of 2021.
(b) 2020 data is as of November 21, 2020.
(c) 2020 data is reported as of April 2021.
———————————
† An external third party performed limited assurance procedures for the 2020 values of these metrics.  See their report in 
Appendix D – Third-Party Assurance Statement.
↟ Our Internal Audit group performed assurance procedures for the 2020 values of these metrics.
114

Appendix A.2 – GHG Accounting Metrics
Percentage covered under emissions-limiting 
regulations† %  0 %  0 %  0 %
Percentage methane† %  18 %  23 %  27 %
Total gross global market-based Scope 2 
emissions†
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e
3.4 3.4 3.1
Total gross global Scope 1 and market-based 
Scope 2 emissions†
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e
17.5 19.7 18.7
Scope 1 and 2 emission intensity†
Metric tons 
CO2e per 
BOE 
throughput
0.004 0.004 0.004
Total gross global Scope 1 emissions by 
constituent†
CO2† Million 
metric tons 11.5 12.5 11.4
CH4† Million 
metric tons 0.1 0.1 0.1
N2O(b)† Million 
metric tons 0.0 0.0 0.0
HFCs(b)† Million 
metric tons 0.0 0.0 0.0
Total gross global location-based Scope 2 
emissions†
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e
3.4 3.3 2.9
Year Ended December 31
Operational Control - Continuing Operations(a) Unit 2018 2019 2020
Total gross global Scope 1 emissions†
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e
14.1 16.3 15.6
(a) See table in Section 3.1 Gross Global Scope 1 and 2 Emissions, Percentage Methane, Percentage Covered under 
Emissions-Limiting Regulations of the Sustainability Report for relevant footnotes.
(b) N2O and HFCs are less than 50,000 metric tons.
Year Ended December 31
Unit 2018 2019 2020
Scope 1 GHG emissions reported under EPA’s 
GHGRP(a)†
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e
10.6 12.4 12.1
Scope 1 GHG emissions reported under EPA’s 
GHGRP by constituent(a)
CO2† Million 
metric tons 9.0 10.0 9.1
CH4† Million 
metric tons 0.1 0.1 0.1
N2O(b)† Million 
metric tons 0.0 0.0 0.0
(a) Emissions reported to the EPA’s GHGRP as of August 9, 2021. Includes 100% of emissions for facilities we operate.
(b) N2O is less than 50,000 metric tons.
115

Year Ended December 31
Unit 2018 2019 2020
Equity Share - Continuing Operations
Total gross global equity share Scope 1 
emissions(a)(b)(c)(d)†
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e
14.2 15.4 14.8
Total gross global equity share market-based Scope 
2 emissions(a)(b)(e)†
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e
2.5 2.4 2.3
Total gross global equity share Scope 1 and 
market-based Scope 2 emissions(a)(b)(c)(d)(e)
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e
16.7 17.8 17.1
Equity share GHG emission intensity
Adjusted EBITDA(f) Millions  $7,568  $7,618  $6,962 
Total gross global equity share Scope 1 and 2 
emissions per Adjusted EBITDA
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e per 
million 
dollars 
Adjusted 
EBITDA
0.0022 0.0023 0.0025
(a) GHG emissions were quantified per the SASB Midstream Standard and the ISO 14064-1:2006, Greenhouse gases - Part 1: 
Specification with guidance at the organization level for the quantification and reporting of greenhouse gas emissions and 
removals. Emissions are reported for CO2, CH4, N2O, and HFCs from direct and indirect sources.  The IPCC AR5 GWPs 
were used to convert CH4 (28) and N2O (265) emissions to CO2e.  The following GWPs were used for HFCs:  R-410A: 
1725, HFC-134a: 1200, HCFC-22: 1760, R-404A: 3260, R-407C: 1526, R1234yf: 4, R-600A: 5, R-407C: 1526, HFC-32: 
677, HFC-23: 12,400, CFC-12: 10,200, R-422d: 2,625, R-600: 5.  Gross emissions are GHGs emitted to the atmosphere 
before accounting for offsets, credits, or other similar mechanisms that have reduced or compensated for emissions.  
(b) Equity share emissions include emissions from both operated and non-operated sources in which we have an interest.  For 
operated sources, emissions were calculated by applying our ownership percentage to the entity’s operating emissions.  For 
the CO2 business segment, net revenue interest was used as our ownership percentage for production locations and working 
interest was used as our ownership percentage for non-production locations.  Emissions from leased assets are excluded 
from the equity share emissions calculations per the World Resources Institute GHG Protocol guidance.  For non-operated 
sources, emissions data was collected from third parties who generally provided  the EPA’s GHGRP emissions.  When 
only GHGRP emissions were provided, we added estimated non-GHGRP emissions to calculate total non-operated Scope 1 
emissions.   Scope 2 emissions for non-operated facilities were assumed to be calculated using the location-based method.  
Non-operated Scope 2 emissions were estimated when data was not available.  Emissions from non-operated assets may 
also be reported publicly through other companies’ reporting initiatives. 
(c) Excludes emissions from construction activities, wastewater treatment, fire suppression activities, enclosed circuit breakers 
operated by the Natural Gas Pipelines business segment, refrigerants from mobile equipment not tracked in our fleet 
database, fugitive emissions from natural gas supply lines for the Terminals and Products Pipelines business segments, and 
insignificant emissions from small combustion activities.
(d) We assumed the owning and operating companies assigned to assets during 2020 was the same for 2018 and 2019.  For 
entities that are owned and operated by companies in different business segments, emissions are reported under the 
operating business segment.
(e) Scope 2 GHG emissions include indirect emissions from purchased electricity.
(f) For additional information about our use of and calculation for Adjusted Segment EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial 
measure, see Part II, Item 7 included in our 2018, 2019, and 2020 Form 10-K annual reports, which are available through 
the SEC’s EDGAR system at https://www.sec.gov and on our website at https://ir.kindermorgan.com/financials/annual-
reports/default.aspx.
116

Research and development investments in GHG 
emissions and other climate change-related 
projects↟
Thousands $ 257 $ 226 $ 251 
Renewable energy consumed from the solar 
panels we operate↟ MWh — 1,018 1,053
Electricity consumption
Total electricity consumption from continuing 
operations† GWh 7,263 7,470 6,984
GHG emission credits purchased
Purchased credits↟ Metric tons 
CO2e 40,923 95,799 113,188
Average price per metric ton CO2e↟ Dollars $ 1.15 $ 1.75 $ 3.75 
Maximum price paid per metric ton of CO2e↟ Dollars $ 1.15 $ 1.75 $ 3.75 
Minimum price paid per metric ton of CO2e↟ Dollars $ 1.15 $ 1.75 $ 3.75 
Methane emission reductions
Volume of voluntary methane emission 
reductions† Bcf 4.0 4.3 5.9
Estimated value of natural gas saved↟ Millions $ 12 $ 13 $ 21 
Voluntary GHG emission reductions†
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e - 
methane 
GWP of 25
1.9 2.0 2.8
GHG targets
Methane emission intensity rate target %  0.31 %  0.31 %  0.31 %
Methane emission intensity rate† %  0.03 %  0.03 %  0.04 %
Target number of natural gas transmission and 
storage compressor stations to survey↟ # 217 252 287
Actual number of natural gas transmission 
and storage compressor stations 
surveyed↟
# 279 306 319
Target - GHG reductions 
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e - 
methane 
GWP of 28
— 1.1 1.2
Voluntary GHG emission reductions
Million 
metric tons 
CO2e - 
methane 
GWP of 28
2.2 2.3 3.2
Year Ended December 31
Unit 2018 2019 2020
———————————
† An external third party performed limited assurance procedures for the 2020 values of these metrics.  See their report in 
Appendix D – Third-Party Assurance Statement.
↟ Our Internal Audit group performed assurance procedures for the 2020 values of these metrics.
117

Appendix B – Activity Metrics 
Unit 2018 2019 2020
Operational control throughput(a)
Company-wide BOE(b)† BBbl/yr  5.0  5.6  5.1 
Natural Gas Pipelines
Natural Gas(c) Bscf/yr 14,726 17,633 17,017
RNG Bcf/yr 0 1 1
NGL(d) MMBbl/yr 23 23 20
LNG Bscf/yr 14 9  39 
Products Pipelines
Liquids throughput(e)(f) MMBbl/yr 1,605 1,625 1,413
KM Condensate processing 
facility (KMCC - Splitter) MMBbl/yr 24 31 30
Fuel grade ethanol(f) MMBbl/yr 61 62 56
Biodiesel MMBbl/yr 2 2 2
Terminals
Bulk transload tonnage MMton/yr 60 55 48
Liquids throughput MMBbl/yr 819 840 704
Fuel grade ethanol MMBbl/yr 51 47 38
Biodiesel MMBbl/yr 4 3 3
Renewable diesel MMBbl/yr 2 2 2
CO2(g)
CO2 production(h) Bscf/yr 441 458 307
Crude oil production MMBbl/yr 20 19 17
Gas production Bscf/yr 631 625 600
Discontinued operations(i)
Discontinued operations BOE BBbl/yr 0.2 0.1 —
Year Ended December 31
(a) The activity metric table from prior years’ Reports has been updated to include the throughput used in our BOE calculation 
for GHG intensity. 
(b) Annual throughput information was obtained using published definitions from ONE Future and, where no definitions were 
available, throughput is generally defined as “product receipt.”  Throughput was converted to MMBtu using product-
specific heat content, obtained from the EIA, EPA, or business segment data.  This is then converted to BOE by dividing 
by 5.8 MMBtu per barrel of crude oil.
(c) Throughput from transmission and storage, processing, gathering and boosting, and LNG segments as defined in the ONE 
Future Protocol.
(d) Includes NGL throughput from assets operated by the Products Pipelines business segment in 2018 and 2019.
(e) Values include volumes for crude and condensate that are operated under the Natural Gas Pipelines business segment.
(f) Includes volumes for fuel grade ethanol that were operated by Terminals business segment for 2018.
(g) Reported in gross volumes.
(h) Unit revised from Mscf/yr to Bscf/yr on December 21, 2021. 
(i) Discontinued operations include emissions from TMPL, Puget Sound pipeline system, and Kinder Morgan Canada Inc. up 
to the sale date of August 31, 2018 and KML and the U.S. portion of the Cochin Pipeline up to the sale date of December 
16, 2019 for the periods prior to their respective sales.
118

Year Ended December 31 (unless otherwise noted)
Unit 2018 2019 2020
Miles of pipeline operated(a)† Thousands of 
miles 76 74 74
SASB Activity Metrics
Number of employees (TR-RA-000.E)↟ # 11,165 11,086 10,525
Oil & Gas Exploration & Production
Number of offshore sites (EM-EP-000.B)↟ # — — —
Number of oil terrestrial sites
(EM-EP-000.C)(b)↟ # 1,247 1,234 1,227
Number of CO2 production terrestrial sites(b)↟ # 93 90 84
Rail Transportation(c)
Number of carloads transported
(TR-RA-000.A)(d)
Natural Gas Pipelines Thousands 7 7 6
Products Pipelines(e) Thousands 25 23 20
Terminals(f)(g) Thousands 482 432 270
Total↟ Thousands 514 462 296
Marine Transportation
Number of shipboard employees
(TR-MT-000.A)↟ # 1,054 1,033 921
Total distance traveled by vessels
(TR-MT-000.B)↟
Nautical 
miles 781,105 686,259 707,389
Operating days 
(TR-MT-000.C)↟ Days 5,781 5,720 5,755
Number of vessels in total shipping fleet
(TR-MT-000.E)↟ # 16 16 16
Number of vessel port calls (TR-MT-000.F)↟ # 994 892 801
Twenty-foot equivalent unit capacity
(TR-MT-000.G)(h) TEU — — —
(a) Pipeline miles operated are as of the first quarter of 2021.
(b) Represents number of active and producing wells as of December 31, 2020.  
(c) We exclude the following metrics in the SASB Rail Transportation Standard because they are not significant to our 
business: number of intermodal units transported (TR-RA-000.B), track miles (TR-RA-000.C), and revenue ton miles (TR-
RA-000.D).
(d) Represents the number of rail cars loaded and unloaded.  The Terminals business segment includes rail cars from TMPL, 
Puget Sound pipeline system, and Kinder Morgan Canada Inc. up to the sale date of August 31, 2018 and KML and the 
Cochin Pipeline up to the sale date of December 16, 2019.
(e) The number of carloads transported by the Products Pipelines business segment has been revised from the previously 
reported value in our 2019 Report for 2018 and 2019 to include more representative carloads transported data collection 
methods.
(f) If the number of rail cars are unavailable, they are calculated by dividing the weight or volume transported by 100 tons or 
821 bbl, respectively.  
(g) The number of carloads transported by the Terminals business segment has been revised from the previously reported value 
in our 2019 Report for 2018 and 2019 to better represent loading and unloading for bulk and liquid railcars.
(h) Twenty-foot equivalent unit capacity is a unit of cargo used to measure a ship’s container carrying capacity.  We do not 
operate marine vessels capable of carrying cargo containers.
———————————
† An external third party performed assurance procedures for the 2020 values of these metrics.  See their report in Appendix D – 
Third-Party Assurance Statement.
↟ Our Internal Audit group performed assurance procedures for the 2020 values of these metrics.
119

Appendix C – ESG Content Index 
General 
Disclosures
Name of the organization - - 102-1 - - - - 2020 ESG Report A Message 
from Our CEO
Activities, brands, products, and services - - 102-2 - - - - 2020 ESG Report A Message 
from Our CEO
2020 ESG Report Pg. 6
2020 Form 10-K Part I, Items 1. 
and 2
Location of headquarters - - 102-3 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 23
2020 Form 10-K Cover Page                                         
Location of operations - - 102-4 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 6
2020 Form 10-K Part I, Items 1. 
and 2
Ownership and legal form - - 102-5 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 6
2020 Form 10-K Part I, Items 1. 
and 2
Markets served - - 102-6 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 6
2020 Form 10-K Part I, Items 1. 
and 2
External initiatives - - 102-12 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 15
2020 ESG Report Pg. 33
2020 ESG Report Pg. 72 
2020 ESG Report Pg. 77
Membership of associations - - 102-13 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 15
2020 ESG Report Pg. 60
Statement from senior decision-maker - - 102-14 - - - - 2020 ESG Report A Message 
from Our CEO
Key impacts, risks, and opportunities - - 102-15 C2.1
C2.3
C2.3a
C2.4
C2.4a
16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 87
Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior - - 102-16 - - 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 7
Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics - - 102-17 - - 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 7
Governance structure EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-18 C1.1b 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 1
2020 ESG Report Pg. 84
2021 Proxy Statement Pgs. 13-21
Delegating authority EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-19 C1.1b 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 85
Executive-level responsibility for economic, 
environmental, and social topics
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-20 C1.1b 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 1
2020 ESG Report Pg. 83
Consulting stakeholders on economic, 
environmental, and social topics
- - 102-21 - - 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 75
Composition of the highest governance body and its 
committees
- - 102-22 - - 5
16
2021 Proxy Statement Pgs. 8-22
Report whether the chair of the highest governance 
body is also an executive officer, describe his or her 
function within the organization management and 
the reasons for this arrangement
- - 102-23 - - 16 2021 Proxy Statement Pgs. 8, 13
Topic Sustainability Policies and Accounting Metrics SASB(a)
GRI 
(Core)
(b)
CDP(c)(d) SDGs
ESG Report Section Page or 
Reference to Kinder Morgan 
Published Document
120

General 
Disclosures
Report the nomination and selection processes for 
the highest governance body and its committees, 
and the criteria used for nominating and selecting 
highest governance body members
- - 102-24 - - 5
16
2021 Proxy Statement Pgs. 18-21
Conflicts of interest - - 102-25 - - 5 KMI Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics Pgs. 19-24
2021 Proxy Statement Pgs. 22-24
Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, 
values, and strategy
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-26 C1.1b 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 14
2020 ESG Report Pg. 83
Collective knowledge of highest governance body EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-27 C1.1b 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 84
2021 Proxy Statement Pg. 14
Evaluating the highest governance body’s 
performance
- - 102-28 - - 16 2021 Proxy Statement Pgs. 14
Identifying and managing economic, environmental, 
and social impacts
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-29 C1.1b
C1.2
C1.2a
16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 83
Effectiveness of risk management processes - - 102-30 C4.2
C4.2a
C4.2b
C9.1
7
12
2020 ESG Report Pg. 105
Review of economic, environmental, and social 
topics
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-31 C1.1b
C1.2
C1.2a
- - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 83
2021 Proxy Statement Pg. 17-18
Report the highest committee reviews and approves 
the organizations sustainability report and ensures 
that all material topics are covered
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-32 C1.1b
C1.2
C1.2a
- - 2020 ESG Report Pgs. 1, 83
Remuneration policies - - 102-35 - - - - 2021 Proxy Statement Pgs. 30-47
Process for determining remuneration - - 102-36 - - - - 2021 Proxy Statement Pgs. 30-47
Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration - - 102-37 - - 16 2021 Proxy Statement Pg. 31
Report the organization’s approach to stakeholder 
engagement, including frequency of engagement by 
type and by stakeholder group, and an indication of 
whether any of the engagement was undertaken 
specifically as part of the report preparation process
- - 102-43 - - 1
6
10
12
17
2020 ESG Report Pg. 33
2020 ESG Report Pg. 75
Boundaries - - 102-46 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 1
Reporting period - - 102-50 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 1
Date of most recent report - - 102-51 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Cover Page
Reporting cycle - - 102-52 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 1
GRI content index - - 102-55 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Appendix C
External assurance - - 102-56 - - 1 2020 ESG Report Appendix D
Economic 
Performance
Financial implications and other risks and 
opportunities due to climate change
- - 201-2 C2.3 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 87
Indirect 
Economic 
Impacts
Infrastructure investments and services supported - - 203-1 - - 6
9
11
14
15
2020 ESG Report A Message 
From Our CEO
2020 ESG Report Pg. 6
2020 ESG Report Pg. 77
2020 ESG Report Pg. 87
2020 ESG Report Pg. 95
Significant indirect economic impacts - - 203-2 - - 1
3
8
2020 ESG Report Pg. 77
Topic Sustainability Policies and Accounting Metrics SASB(a)
GRI 
(Core)
(b)
CDP(c)(d) SDGs
ESG Report Section Page or 
Reference to Kinder Morgan 
Published Document
121

Greenhouse 
Gas 
Emissions
Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage 
methane, percentage covered under emissions-
limiting regulations
EM-MD-110a.1
EM-EP-110a.1 
TR-RA-110a.1
TR-MT-110a.1
305-1 C6.1
C6.3
C6.4
C7.3
C7.6
C7.9
C8.1-8.2f
- - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 12
Gross direct Scope 1 emissions (equity approach) EM-MD-110a.1
EM-EP-110a.1 
TR-RA-110a.1
TR-MT-110a.1
305-1 C6.1
C6.3
C6.4
C7.3
C7.6
C7.9
C8.1-8.2f
- - 2020 ESG Report Appendix A.2
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or 
plan to manage gross global Scope 1 and 2 
emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an 
analysis of performance against those targets
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
305-5 C3.1 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 14
Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions - - 305-3 C6.5 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 26
GHG emissions intensity ratio per BOE throughput EM-MD-110a.1
EM-EP-110a.1 
EM-RM-110a.1
TR-MT-110a.1
305-4 C4.1
C4.1b
C4.2a
C6.10
C-OG6.12
C9.1
- - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 12
Energy management - - - - C8.2 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 23
Organization strategy and/or financial planning 
influenced by climate-related risks and opportunities - - - - C3.1 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 14
2020 ESG Report Pg. 86
GHG offsets - - - - C4.3
C11.2
- - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 26
Internal Price of Carbon - - - - C11.3 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 26
GHG reductions - - 305-5 C4.3 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 27
GHG targets - - - - C4.1 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 27
Reduction of energy consumption - - 302-4 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 23
Electricity consumption - - 302-1 C8.2
C8.2a
- - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 23
Air Quality
Air emissions for the following pollutants: NOx 
(excluding N2O), SOx, volatile organic compounds 
(VOCs) and particulate matter (PM10)
EM-MD-120a.1
EM-EP-120a.1
305-7 - - 3
11
12
2020 ESG Report Pg. 30
Water Usage
Water management & usage EM-EP-140a.1 303-1
303-2
W1.1
W1.2
W6.1
6 2020 ESG Report Pg. 31
Water withdrawal EM-EP-140a.1
EM-RM-140a.1
303-3 W1.1
W1.2b
W-OG1.2c
W1.2d
W1.2h
6 2020 ESG Report Pg. 32
Water consumption EM-EP-140a.1
EM-RM-140a.1
303-5 W1.1
W1.2b
6 2020 ESG Report Pg. 32
Water withdrawn intensity - - - - W-OG1.3
W-OG1.3a
6 2020 ESG Report Pg. 32
Topic Sustainability Policies and Accounting Metrics SASB(a)
GRI 
(Core)
(b)
CDP(c)(d) SDGs
ESG Report Section Page or 
Reference to Kinder Morgan 
Published Document
122

Ecological 
Impacts
Description of environmental management policies 
and practices for active operations
EM-MD-160a.1
EM-EP-160a.1
- - - - 15 2020 ESG Report Pg. 33
Percentage of land owned, leased, and/or operated 
within areas of protected conservation status or 
endangered species habitat
EM-MD-160a.2 304-1 - - 15 2020 ESG Report Pg. 37
Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon 
spills, volume in Arctic, volume in Unusually 
Sensitive Areas (USAs), and volume recovered
EM-MD-160a.4
EM-EP-160a.2
- - 6
15
2020 ESG Report Pg. 38
(1) Number and (2) aggregate volume of marine 
spills and releases to the environment
TR-MT-160a.3 - - 6 2020 ESG Report Pg. 40
Operational sites owned, leased, managed in or 
adjacent to protected areas and areas of high 
biodiversity value outside protected areas
- - 304-1 - - 6
14
15
2020 ESG Report Pg. 37
Significant impacts of activities, products, and 
services on biodiversity
- - 304-2 - - 6
14
15
2020 ESG Report Pg. 33
Habitats protected or restored - - 304-3 - - 6
14
15
2020 ESG Report Pg. 33
Environment
al 
Compliance
Environmental fines and penalties - - 307-1 - - 12 2020 ESG Report Pg. 40
Occupational 
Health and 
Safety, 
Emergency 
Preparedness 
& Response
Discussion of management systems used to 
integrate a culture of safety and emergency 
preparedness throughout the value chain and 
throughout project lifecycles
EM-MD-540a.4
EM-EP-320a.2
403-1
403-4
403-8
- - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 41
(1) Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR);
(2) Fatality Count;
(3) Average hours of Health, Safety, and Emergency 
Response Training for:
(a) Employees,
(b) Contractors, and
(c) short-service employees
EM-EP-320a.1 403-9 - - 3
8
2020 ESG Report Pg. 42
Workers representation on formal joint 
management-worker health and safety committees
- - 403-1 - - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 41
Types of injury and rates of injury, occupational 
diseases, lost days and absenteeism, and number of 
work-related fatalities
- - 403-2 - - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 42
Worker participation, consultation, and 
communication on occupational health and safety
EM-MD-540a.4
EM-EP-320a.2
403-4
403-9
- - 8
16
2020 ESG Report Pg. 41
Worker training on occupational health and safety - - 403-5 - - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 42
Promotion of worker health - - 403-6 - - 3 2020 ESG Report Pg. 41
Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 
and safety impacts directly linked by business 
relationships
- - 403-7 - - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 42
Employee total recordable incident reporting EM-MD-540a.1
EM-EP-320a.1
TR-RA-320a.1
403-9 - - 3
8
2020 ESG Report Pg. 42
Contractor lost time incident rate TR-MT-320a.1 403-9 - - 3
8
2020 ESG Report Pg. 42
Marine 
Accidents & 
Safety 
Management
Lost time incident rate (LTIR) TR-MT-320a.1 403-9 - - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 45
Hazardous
Materials
Management
Amount of hazardous waste generated, percentage 
recycled
EM-RM-150a.1 306-2
306-3
- - 3 2020 ESG Report Pg. 49
Competitive 
Behavior
Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with federal pipeline and 
storage regulations
EM-MD-520a.1 - - - - 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 51
Topic Sustainability Policies and Accounting Metrics SASB(a)
GRI 
(Core)
(b)
CDP(c)(d) SDGs
ESG Report Section Page or 
Reference to Kinder Morgan 
Published Document
123

Business 
Ethics & 
Anti-
Corruption
Description of the management system for 
prevention of corruption and bribery throughout the 
value chain
EM-EP-510a.2 205-2 - - 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 52
Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-
trust, and monopoly practices
- - 206-1 - - 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 52
KMI Code of Business Conduct 
and Ethics Pg. 38
Operational 
Safety
Number of reportable pipeline incidents, 
percentage significant
EM-MD-540a.1 - - - - 6 2020 ESG Report Pg. 57
Percentage of (1) natural gas and (2) hazardous 
liquid pipelines inspected
EM-MD-540a.2 - - - - 12 2020 ESG Report Pg. 58
Rail 
Accidents & 
Safety 
Management
Number of Federal Rail Administration (FRA) 
Recommended Violation Defects
TR-RA-540a.3 - - - - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 59
Number of (1) accident releases and (2) non-
accident releases (NARs) from rail transportation
EM-MD-540a.3
TR-RA-540a.2
- - - - 15 2020 ESG Report Pg. 59
Management 
of the Legal
& Regulatory 
Environment
Discussion of the corporate positions related to 
government regulations and/or policy proposals that 
address environmental and social factors affecting 
the industry
EM-EP-530a.1 - - - - 16
17
2020 ESG Report Pg. 60
Political contributions - - 415-1 - - 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 62
Tax transparency - - 201-1
201-4
207-1
- - 1
8
10
17
2020 ESG Report Pg. 63
Payments made in relation to ballot measures - - 415-1 - - 16 2020 ESG Report Pg. 62
Data Security Description of approach to identifying and 
addressing data security risks
SV-PS-230a.1 - - - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 64
Workforce
Diversity &
Engagement
Number of employees by: (1) full-time and part-
time, (2) temporary, and (3) contract SV-PS-000.A 102-7 - - - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 66
Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group 
representation for (1) executive management, (2) 
non-executive management, (3) professionals, and 
(4) all other employees
FN-IB-330a.1 405-1 - - 5
10
2020 ESG Report Pg. 66
(1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover rate
for employees
SV-PS-330a.2 401-1 - - 5
8
2020 ESG Report Pg. 66
Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 
not provided to temporary or part-time employees
- - 401-2 - - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 66
KMI Employee Stock Purchase 
Plan (filed as Exhibit 10.5 on 
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended 
March 31, 2011)
Supply Chain 
Management
Supplier diversity - - 414-1 - - 8
9
2020 ESG Report Pg. 46
Freedom
of Association 
and Collective 
Bargaining 
Operations and suppliers in which the right to 
Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 
may be at risk
- - 407-1 - - 8 2020 ESG Report Pg. 46
Employee 
Training & 
Development
Discussion of (1) average hours of training per year 
per employee (2) programs for upgrading employee 
skills and transition assistance programs (3) 
percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews
- - 404-1
404-2
- - 4 2020 ESG Report Pg. 72
Programs for upgrading employee skills and 
transition assistance programs
- - 404-1
404-2
- - 4
5
8
10
2020 ESG Report Pg. 72
Total hours of employment development training - - 404-1 - - 8
9
2020 ESG Report Pg. 72
Employee training costs - - - - - - 8
9
2020 ESG Report Pg. 72
Community 
Relations
Discussion of process to manage risks and 
opportunities associated with community rights and 
interests; impact assessments and development 
programs and operations with local community 
engagement
EM-EP-210b.1 413-1 - - 1
8
9
11
2020 ESG Report Pg. 74
Community investments - - 201-1 - - 5
10
2020 ESG Report Pg. 77
Topic Sustainability Policies and Accounting Metrics SASB(a)
GRI 
(Core)
(b)
CDP(c)(d) SDGs
ESG Report Section Page or 
Reference to Kinder Morgan 
Published Document
124

Security, 
Human 
Rights & 
Rights of 
Indigenous 
Peoples
Discussion of engagement processes and due 
diligence practices with respect to human rights, 
indigenous rights, and operation in areas of conflict 
and operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of child labor, and forced or compulsory 
labor
EM-EP-210a.3 408-1
409-1
- - 8
16
2020 ESG Report Pg. 80
Reserves 
Valuation & 
Capital 
Expenditures
Discussion of how price and demand for 
hydrocarbons and/or climate regulation influence 
the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, 
acquisition, and development of assets
EM-EP-420a.4 - - C2.3 - - 2020 ESG Report Pg. 87
Topic Sustainability Policies and Accounting Metrics SASB(a)
GRI 
(Core)
(b)
CDP(c)(d) SDGs
ESG Report Section Page or 
Reference to Kinder Morgan 
Published Document
(a) Version 2018-10: SASB Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector Oil & Gas Midstream Standard EM-MD, SASB 
Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector Exploration & Production Standard EM-EP, SASB Extractives & Minerals 
Processing Sector Refining & Marketing Standard EM-RM, SASB Transportation Sector Marine Transportation Standard 
TR-MT, SASB Transportation Sector Rail Transportation standard TR-RA, SASB Financials Sector - Investment Banking 
& Brokerage standard FN-IB, and SASB Services Sector - Professional & Commercial Services standard SV-PS.
(b) GRI 102 General Disclosures 2016, GRI 201 Economic Performance 2016, GRI 203 Indirect Economic Impacts 2016, GRI 
205 Anti-Corruption 2016, GRI 206 Anti-competitive Behavior 2016, GRI 2017 Tax 2019, GRI 302 Energy 2016, GRI 
303 Water and Effluents 2018, GRI 304 Biodiversity 2016, GRI 305 Emissions 2016, GRI 306 Waste 2020, GRI 401 
Employment 2016, GRI 403 Occupational Health and Safety 2018, GRI 404 Training and Education 2016, GRI 405 
Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016, GRI 407 Freedom of Association and Collective Bargaining 2016, GRI 408 Child 
Labor 2016, GRI 409 Forced or Compulsory Labor 2016, GRI 413 Local Communities 2016, and GRI 415 Public Policy 
2016.
(c) CDP Climate Change 2020 Questionnaire: CDP C1 Governance, CDP C2 Risks and Opportunities, CDP C3 Business 
Strategy, CDP C4 Targets and Performance, CDP C6 Emissions Data, CDP C7 Emissions Breakdown, CDP C8 Energy, 
CDP C9 Additional Metrics, CDP C11 Carbon Pricing. 
(d) CDP Water Security 2020 Questionnaire: CDP W1 Current State, and CDP W6 Governance.  
125

Governance
Disclose the organization’s 
governance around climate-related 
risks and opportunities
Describe the board’s oversight of 
climate-related risk and opportunities
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-18
102-19
102-20
102-26
102-27
102-29
102-31
102-32
C1.1b - - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 84
Describe management’s role in assessing 
and managing climate related risks and 
opportunities
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
102-29
102-31
102-32
C1.2
C1.2a
- - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 85
Strategy
Disclose the actual and potential 
impacts of climate-related risks 
and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, 
and financial planning where such 
information is material
Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium, and 
long term
- - 102-15 C2.1
C2.3
C2.3a
C2.4
C2.4a
- - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 87
Describe the impact of climate-related 
risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, and 
financial planning
- - - - C2.1
C2.2d
C2.3a
C3.1
C3.1c
C3.1d
C2.4a
C2.5
- - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 94
Describe the resilience of the 
organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2 °C or lower 
scenario
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
- - C3.1a
C3.1d
- - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 95
Risk 
Management
Disclose how the organization 
identifies, assesses, and manages 
climate-related risks
Describe the organization’s processes for 
identifying and assessing climate-related 
risks
- - 201-2 - - - - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 105
Describe the organization’s processes for 
managing climate-related risks
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
- - - - - - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 105
Describe how processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related 
risks are integrated into the 
organization’s overall risk management
EM-MD-110a.2
TR-RA-110a.2
EM-EP-110a.3
TR-MT-110a.2
- - C2.2 - - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 105
Metrics and 
Targets
Disclose the metrics and targets 
used to assess and manage relevant 
climate-related risks and 
opportunities where such 
information is material
Disclose the metrics used by the 
organization to assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk management process
- - 102-30 C9.1 - - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 108
Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if 
appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks
EM-MD-110a.1
TR-RA-110a.1
EM-EP-110a.1
TR-MT-110a.1
102-29
102-30
201-2
C6.1
C6.2
C6.3
C6.5
- - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 108
Describe the targets used by the 
organization to manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets
- - - - C4.1
C4.1a
C4.1b
C4.2
- - 2020 
ESG 
Report 
Pg. 109
TCFD Core 
Elements TCFD Core Element Description Recommended Disclosure SASB(a)
GRI 
(Core)
(b)
CDP(c) SDGs Section 
Page
(a) Version 2018-10: SASB Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector Oil & Gas Midstream Standard EM-MD, SASB 
Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector Exploration & Production Standard EM-EP, SASB Transportation Sector Marine 
Transportation Standard TR-MT, SASB Transportation Sector Rail Transportation standard TR-RA.
(b) GRI 102 General Disclosures 2016, GRI 201 Economic Performance 2016. 
(c) CDP Climate Change 2020 Questionnaire: CDP C1 Governance, CDP C2 Risks and Opportunities, CDP C3 Business 
Strategy, CDP C4 Targets and Performance, CDP C6 Emissions Data, CDP C9 Additional Metrics.
126

Appendix D – Third-Party Assurance Statement 
127

128

129

130

131

132

133

134

135

136

137

138

139

140

141

142

143

Appendix E – Summary of Scenarios and their Underlying Assumptions and Indicators 
IEA’s 2020 World Energy Outlook
Key Economic Assumptions
Base Year Projections Percent of Total
Metric 2019 2030 2040 2030 2040
Global population (in billions) 7.67 8.51 9.15  100 %  100 %
China 1.41 1.44 1.42  17 %  16 %
India 1.37 1.5 1.59  18 %  17 %
Africa 1.31 1.69 2.08  20 %  23 %
U.S. 0.33 0.35 0.37  4 %  4 %
Global GDP(a) 142 196 264  100 %  100 %
China 28 46 64  23 %  24 %
India 11 20 33  10 %  13 %
Africa 7 10 16  5 %  6 %
U.S. 21 26 31  13 %  12 %
Global GDP per capita(a) $ 18,503 $ 23,008 $ 28,875  100 %  100 %
China  19,847  31,822  44,711  138 %  155 %
India  8,085  13,104  20,788  57 %  72 %
Africa  5,468  6,123  7,653  27 %  27 %
U.S. $ 65,075 $ 73,099 $ 83,975  318 %  291 %
(a) Calculated based on GDP expressed in year 2019 dollars in purchasing power parity terms.
Key Indicators by Scenario
CO2 emissions (billion tons)(a) 33 33 33 24 15
Percent change from 2019  0 %  0 %  0 %  (27) %  (56) %
Energy intensity of GDP (tons oil equivalent 
per thousand dollars, PPP)(b) 0.102 0.081 0.065 0.068 0.049
Percent change from 2019  0 %  (21)  %  (36)  %  (33)  %  (51)  %
Global energy demand (billion tons oil 
equivalent) 14 16 17 13 13
Percent change from 2019  0 %  9 %  19 %  (7) %  (10) %
Percent from renewables(c)  15 %  15 %  19 %  19 %  31 %
Percent from oil & natural gas  55 %  55 %  54 %  54 %  46 %
Global oil demand (MMBbl/d) 98 103 104 87 66
Percent change from 2019  0 %  5 %  6 %  (12) %  (32) %
U.S. oil demand (MMBbl/d) 19 18 15 14 9
Percent change from 2019  0 %  (5) %  (18) %  (25) %  (54) %
Global biofuels demand (MMBbl/d)(d) 2.1 3.6 5.1 6.2 7.4
Global natural gas demand (Bcf/d)(e) 390 446 505 387 344
Percent change from 2019  0 %  15 %  30 %  (1) %  (12) %
U.S. natural gas demand (Bcf/d) 85 89 87 71 47
Percent change from 2019  0 %  4 %  2 %  (17) %  (45) %
Global coal demand (billion tons coal 
equivalent) 5.4 5.0 4.7 3.2 1.9
Base Year Stated Policies Scenario Sustainable Development 
Scenario
Metric 2019 2030 2040 2030 2040
144

Percent change from 2019  0 %  (7) %  (12) %  (41) %  (66) %
Percent from Asia Pacific (including 
China, India, South East Asia)  77 %  84 %  85 %  86 %  85 %
U.S. coal demand (billion tons coal 
equivalent) 0.39 0.19 0.11 0.05 0.03
Percent change from 2019  0 %  (52) %  (71) %  (88) %  (92) %
Global electricity generation (terawatt-hours) 26,942 32,818 40,094 31,465 38,774
Percent change from 2019  0 %  22 %  49 %  17 %  44 %
Percent from wind and solar  8 %  19 %  28 %  29 %  47 %
Percent from natural gas  23 %  22 %  21 %  21 %  12 %
Global power sector emissions intensity 
(grams CO2 per kilowatt-hour) 463 352 282 220 67
Percent change from 2019  0 %  (24) %  (39) %  (53) %  (86) %
Base Year Stated Policies Scenario Sustainable Development 
Scenario
Metric 2019 2030 2040 2030 2040
(a) Includes CO 2 emissions from combustion of fossil fuels, including process CO2 emissions from industrial production and 
fuel transformation. Amounts account for captured emissions from bioenergy with carbon capture, utilization, and storage. 
Does not include CO2 emissions from industrial waste and non-renewable municipal waste.
(b) Total primary energy demand / GDP. 
(c) Includes bioenergy, geothermal, hydropower, solar photovoltaic, concentrating solar power, wind and marine (tide and 
wave) energy for electricity and heat generation.
(d) Liquid fuels derived from biomass or waste feedstock, including ethanol and biodiesel. Expressed in energy-equivalent 
volumes of gasoline and diesel.
(e) IEA forecast converted into billion cubic feet per day using 35.3147 cubic meters per cubic foot and 365 days per year.
(f) Includes bioenergy, geothermal, hydropower, solar photovoltaic, concentrating solar power, wind and marine (tide and 
wave) energy for electricity and heat generation.
Global Average Annual Investment
Reference Stated Policies Scenario Sustainable Development 
Scenario
Metric 2015-2019 2020-2030 2031-2040 2020-2030 2031-2040
(In billions, except for percentages)(a)
Biofuels and biogases $ 9 $ 20 $ 36 $ 43 $ 80 
Percent change from 2015-2019  0 %  121 %  301 %  384 %  799 %
Battery storage $ 3 $ 13 $ 35 $ 21 $ 57 
Percent change from 2015-2019  0 %  306 %  1,037 %  589 %  1,723 %
Renewable power generation $ 310 $ 340 $ 396 $ 569 $ 666 
Percent change from 2015-2019  0 %  10 %  28 %  84 %  115 %
Fossil fuels power generation $ 139 $ 86 $ 78 $ 62 $ 58 
Percent change from 2015-2019  0 %  (38) %  (43) %  (55) %  (58) %
Electricity networks $ 294 $ 393 $ 517 $ 437 $ 829 
Percent change from 2015-2019  0 %  34 %  76 %  49 %  182 %
Energy efficiency $ 251 $ 364 $ 537 $ 521 $ 809 
Percent change from 2015-2019  0 %  45 %  114 %  107 %  222 %
(a) Expressed in year 2019 dollars in purchasing power parity terms.
145

IPCC 2014 Fifth Assessment Report (AR5) RCP 8.5 4 °C Scenario
2046-2065 2081-2100 
(i.e., end of the 21st Century)
Mean (Likely Range) Mean (Likely Range)
Global Mean Surface Temperature 
Increase (°C) 2.0 (1.4 to 2.6) 3.7 (2.6 to 4.8)
Global Mean Sea-level Rise (meters) 
relative to 1985-2005 0.30 (0.22 to 0.38) 0.63 (0.45 to 0.82)
146

Important Information about Policies, Procedures, Practices, and Forward-Looking Statements
Our Report includes descriptions of our vision, mission, values, and various policies, standards, 
procedures, processes, systems, programs, initiatives, assessments, technologies, practices, and similar 
measures related to our operations and compliance systems (“Policies and Procedures”).  References to 
Policies and Procedures in our Report do not represent guarantees or promises about their efficacy, or any 
assurance that such measures will apply in every case, as there may be exigent circumstances or other, 
factors, or considerations that may cause implementation of other measures or exceptions in specific 
instances.
Our Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”).  
Forward-looking statements include any statement that does not relate strictly to historical or current facts 
and include statements accompanied by or using words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “intend,” “plan,” 
“projection,” “forecast,” “strategy,” “outlook,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “may,” “to,” “will,” 
“shall,” and “long-term” or the negative of those terms or other variations of them or comparable 
terminology.  In particular, express or implied statements, concerning the occurrence, impact, or timing of 
future actions, conditions, or events, including our Policies and Procedures and their efficacy, long-term 
demand for our assets and services, our future operating results, our ability to generate revenues, income, 
or cash flow or to pay dividends, or energy transition-related opportunities, including the role of natural 
gas in the energy transition and opportunities related to lower carbon fuels and CCUS, are forward-
looking statements.  
Forward-looking statements are not guarantees or assurance of performance.  Forward-looking statements 
are included for the purpose of providing management’s current expectations and plans for the future, 
based on the beliefs and assumptions of management and the information currently available to 
management.  Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.  There is 
no assurance that any of the actions, events or results of the forward-looking statements will occur, or if 
any of them do, what impact they will have on our results of operations or financial condition.  Because of 
these uncertainties, you are cautioned not to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statement.   
Future actions, conditions, or events and future results of operations may differ materially from those 
expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.  Many of the factors that will determine 
these outcomes are beyond our ability to control or predict.  These statements are necessarily based upon 
various assumptions involving judgments with respect to the future, including, among others, our ability to 
estimate accurately the time and resources necessary to meet the reporting and assurance testing standards 
applicable to additional measures we expect to include in future reports; the timing and extent of changes 
in the supply of and demand for the products we transport and handle; national, international, regional and 
local economic, competitive, political, and regulatory conditions and developments, including, among 
others, near- and long-term effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; the timing and success of business 
development efforts; the timing, cost, and success of expansion projects; technological developments; 
commodity prices; counterparty financial risk; the condition of capital and credit markets; inflation rates; 
interest rates; the political and economic stability of oil-producing nations; energy markets; federal, state 
or local income tax legislation; weather conditions; environmental conditions; business, regulatory and 
legal decisions; terrorism; cyber-attacks; and the risks and uncertainties described in this Report and in 
most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent Exchange Act reports filed with the SEC, 
including under the headings “Risk Factors,” “Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” 
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and 
147

elsewhere.  These reports are available through the SEC’s EDGAR system at https://www.sec.gov, and on 
our website at https://www.kindermorgan.com.  
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and except to the extent required by 
law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement because of new information, 
future events, or other factors. 
Our Report contains references to KMI’s website.  These references are for readers’ convenience only.  
We are not incorporating our Report by reference into any other document posted on https://
www.kindermorgan.com or https://www.sec.gov and are not incorporating any other document posted on 
either website into this Report.
Our Report also includes links to websites owned and operated by third parties, which are provided for 
readers’ information and convenience only.  We are not responsible for these websites or their content.
We are in the process of identifying and developing the processes, procedures, and resources we expect to 
need to meet standards and limited assurance testing applicable to this Report.  Except where and how 
specified in Appendix D – Third-Party Assurance Statement, our Report and the data presented in it have 
not been externally audited, assured, attested, or verified by a third party.  We make no warranty, express 
or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability, or usefulness of our 
Report.
148