Sustainability
2022 REPORT

ON THE COVER
Associated Petroleum terminals at Humber Refinery
NORTH LINCOLNSHIRE, UNITED KINGDOM
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
p. 44
We recognize the importance of 
cybersecurity and have comprehensive 
policies, standards and controls 
to protect the company systems, 
information and customer data.
Beaumont Terminal
NEDERLAND, TX
p. 56
Our stakeholders enable us to fulfill our vision 
and execute our strategy. Reaching out and 
listening through open lines of communication 
to build trust is a priority for us.
Power Ahead marketing conference 
LAS VEGAS, NV

To Our Stakeholders
Our Approach to Sustainability
Our Businesses: 
Today and Tomorrow
Environment and Safety
Governance
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures Analysis (TCFD) 
Stakeholder Engagement
Performance Data
2 
3
4
16
38 
46
54
62
CONTENTS 1
Find Sustainability Accounting Standards  
Board Disclosures (SASB), company policies, key 
governance documents and related information 
on the Phillips 66 Supplemental Information  site.
p. 31
Water is essential. We are responsibly 
managing this critical natural resource by 
prioritizing projects that improve efficiency 
and decrease our water footprint.
Ponca City Refinery
PONCA CITY, OK
p. 6
We are committed to helping the world 
address climate change. We have meaningful, 
achievable and comprehensive 2030 and 
2050 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
reduction targets.
San Francisco Refinery 
RODEO, CA

To Our Stakeholders,
Each year, as we report our sustainability efforts, we are afforded a chance to reflect on our successes and 
acknowledge the work that still lies ahead. 
On May 1, 2022, we celebrated 10 years of providing energy and improving lives at Phillips 66. It's been a decade 
of progress built on our nearly 150-year heritage. Our high-performing organization stands on our values of 
safety, honor and commitment and remains focused on operating excellence, growth, returns and distributions. 
We are experts in making and moving the energy of today, and we are motivated by the opportunities 
we see all around us to optimize our businesses to thrive as energy systems evolve. That's why we are 
strengthening our core businesses, expanding our digital capabilities, using technology to improve operating 
efficiencies and transforming our organization to increase productivity. We have ambitious goals, and we’re 
taking deliberate steps to achieve them.
You’ll also read in this report about our Emerging Energy group, introduced in 2021, and its focus on renewable 
fuels, batteries, carbon capture and hydrogen. You will also read about Rodeo Renewed, which is transforming 
our San Francisco Refinery in Rodeo, California, into one of the world's largest renewable fuels plants. 
Here, we detail how, in the United Kingdom, our Humber Refinery is an example of the future of refining. Its 
sustainable aviation fuel is now powering flights for British Airways, and it stands poised to be the first refinery in 
the world to use a promising new carbon capture technology. 
These projects and others — like our investments in the U.S. battery chain and our joint venture to build a network 
of hydrogen fueling stations in Europe — are tangible steps toward our 2030 and 2050 GHG emissions reduction 
targets. As we move forward, we will strive to be capital-disciplined, energy efficient and supportive of 
our stakeholders.
Throughout this report, you'll read about how we're working with new and existing companies, bringing fresh 
perspectives and finding creative solutions to the challenges of our time. Innovation is part of who we are, and it 
is driven by our employees. They are empowered to think big, try new things and develop solutions that advance 
our priorities and position our company for long-term resilience. 
This year, as we transition CEO leadership at Phillips 66, 
we are all guided by our vision of providing energy and 
improving lives, inspired by our culture and values,  
and intently focused on being the best operator  
in the business.
Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. 
We welcome your feedback. 
In safety, honor and commitment, 
 
Mark LashierGreg Garland
Mark Lashier
President and CEO
Greg Garland
Executive Chairman
2
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Our Approach to Sustainability
Sustainability shapes how we define and execute our strategy which supports the long-term resilience and 
competitiveness of the company. It is organized around operating excellence, environmental stewardship, 
social responsibility, governance and financial performance. Our approach has enabled us to deliver on our 
vision to provide energy and improve lives, and to drive shareholder value since our start in 2012.
ABOUT THIS REPORT
Phillips 66 has published annual sustainability metrics and information on our website since the company 
was founded in 2012.
This year’s report continues that transparency with critical performance data, the inclusion of feedback from 
our stakeholder engagement programs, details on our governance, oversight, policies and programs, as well as 
acknowledgment of our achievements and descriptions of our investments and resources, all of which are vital  
to our company's long-term sustainability.
We have assessed our operations against the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) materiality 
criteria for Refining, Marketing and Midstream, addressing those most relevant to our business and stakeholders, 
and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) standards. SASB and GRI information is included on the Phillips 66 
Supplemental Information website.
We also provide analysis and disclosures based on the latest version of the Task Force of Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework.
In compiling this report, we considered industry trade association publications, including sustainability reporting 
guidance for the oil and gas industry published by Ipieca, the American Petroleum Institute and the International 
Association of Oil & Gas Producers.
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, this report covers Phillips 66's performance in 2021 and focuses on outcomes 
from our operated assets, including our master limited partnership, Phillips 66 Partners LP, and WRB Refining LP, 
an operated joint venture. Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem) and DCP Midstream, LLC publish 
sustainability reports on their websites for interested readers.
A glossary of our terms can be found in the Performance Data section of this report.
3
Ferndale Refinery 
FERNDALE, WA
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
 3

San Francisco Refinery
RODEO, CA
Our Businesses:  
Today and Tomorrow
4
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

We are providing energy and finding lower-carbon 
ways to meet the world's energy demands and 
power human progress toward tomorrow.
OUR BUSINESSES: TODAY AND TOMORROW
 5

We work to meet the world's growing energy needs and improve lives across the globe. 
Through our diverse portfolio of assets in our Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, and Marketing 
and Specialties businesses, we manufacture, transport and market products that drive the 
global economy. 
Our company and our industry have an important role in people's quality of life every day. We work to provide 
affordable, reliable energy while also positioning Phillips 66 for long-term competitiveness. We have an inclusive 
culture that promotes innovation and delivers value for our stakeholders. We recognize the need for investments 
to address climate challenges. This is why we're using our existing infrastructure and capabilities along with our 
research into emerging energies and renewables to help us thrive in the energy transition.
ACHIEVING LONG-TERM CHANGE
We are committed to helping the world address climate 
change. In 2021, we set measurable, impactful and 
attainable targets for GHG emissions intensity reductions. 
By 2030, we plan to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
intensity from our operations by 30% and Scope 3 
emissions intensity of our energy products by 15% below 
2019 levels. In 2022, we added a goal to reach a 50% 
companywide reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
intensity by 2050.
Our commitment to a lower-carbon future includes 
our investment in technology to improve our assets, 
products and processes for increased efficiency and 
the ability to capitalize on emerging possibilities as the 
energy market transforms. We recognize our employees' 
skills will evolve during the energy transition. Please 
refer to our Stakeholder Engagement section for more 
information about our approach to a just transition. Our 
compensation plan is aligned with these priorities, and, in 
2021, we increased the weight of environmental metrics 
in calculating our annual incentive program payouts.
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration 
(EIA), global energy consumption is projected to increase 
by almost 50% by 2050, with petroleum and other liquid 
fuels remaining the main source of that energy. Achieving 
long-term GHG emissions reductions is ambitious and will 
require changes at Phillips 66, throughout our industry 
and in the rest of the world. The effort will also require 
significant shifts in consumer behavior, and supply chains 
will need to adjust. We believe that national policies are 
needed to spur investment in lower-carbon infrastructure 
and technology development.
While petroleum and other liquid fuels will still be the main 
source of energy in 2050, renewables will likely be the 
fastest-growing energy source. 
OUR POSITION ON CLIMATE CHANGE
Phillips 66 recognizes the need to address 
climate change, and we know that access to 
energy is an important part of the solution 
to many of the world's major challenges. We 
develop affordable energy solutions to promote 
human progress and economic growth while 
also advancing climate change solutions.
The company supports global action to reduce 
GHG emissions. Our approach is to improve 
the efficiency of our diversified and resilient 
operations and make investments to meet 
the world’s evolving energy needs while 
advancing a lower-carbon future.
Phillips 66 supports climate policy that:
• Offers market-based, economywide 
solutions that are fuel- and technology-
neutral for all energy sources to facilitate 
the meaningful GHG emissions reductions 
that are most beneficial and least costly  
to society
• Balances economic, environmental, energy 
security and local community needs
• Rationalizes overlapping policies or programs
• Ensures that energy producers, 
manufacturers and suppliers are 
responsible for their direct emissions
• Recognizes and appropriately accounts 
for early or voluntary actions
• Makes any regulatory cost, and associated 
climate benefits, transparent to the consumer
• Promotes fundamental public research at 
the pre-commercial stage to advance viable 
energy solutions
6
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

For more details on  our assets and operations, read the Year in Review.  
Financial information is available on the Phillips 66 Investors site.
AT A GLANCE
Capital Investments
Our $1.9 billion 2022 capital program includes $916 million for growth capital, 45% of which supports lower-
carbon opportunities. We're also planning to invest $1 billion in energy-efficiency projects over the next decade.
$13+ billion
in capital investments over the past five years
$1.9 billion
in capital investments in 2022
2021 Financial Performance
As part of the nation’s critical infrastructure, we navigated a challenging economic landscape while continuing to 
safely provide reliable, abundant, accessible and affordable energy. We funded our sustaining capital programs, 
generated $6 billion of operating cash flow, paid down $1.5 billion of debt, and reported record earnings in 
Midstream, Chemicals, and Marketing and Specialties.
We are an essential part of the value chain for many businesses and industries. In addition to manufacturing 
transportation fuels, we produce the raw materials used to create health care products and medical devices, 
including personal protective equipment, pharmaceuticals, plastics and rubber, adhesives and sealants, 
electronics, smartphones, cars, batteries, agricultural products, and the wind turbines and solar panels that 
capture alternative energy. The petroleum coke we produce is part of the global supply chain for electric 
vehicles (EVs), and it also enables steel recycling. Our lubricants reduce friction to improve efficiency and cool 
EV battery packs. 
WEB-EXCLUSIVE VIDEO
Our Value Chain
7
OUR BUSINESSES: TODAY AND TOMORROW 7
Bayway Refinery
LINDEN, NJ

Carpet, Cable Insulation, Nylon Dashboard
Odorless Mineral Spirits
Polypropylene, CyclohexanePolypropylene, Cyclohexane, Sulfur
Glass
Fuel Coke
Paint, Adhesives
Fuel Coke, Hexane, Heptane,
Odorless Mineral Spirits
Steel Body
Needle Coke, 
Odorless Mineral Spirits
Battery
Anode Needle Coke
Tire/Rubber
Sulfur, Hexane
Bumper
Polypropylene
Aluminum Body
Anode Coke
Emerging Energy
In 2021, we launched our Emerging Energy organization. Our team, from various disciplines, is focused on 
executing our lower-carbon strategy by commercializing and implementing new technology within our 
operations and portfolio of assets and increasing renewable power usage. The team concentrates on four 
key areas: building on existing businesses to become a market leader in renewable fuels, participating in the 
battery value chain, establishing a competitive position in carbon capture and participating in low-carbon 
hydrogen markets. 
Global Specialties Provides Essential Products
Our Global Specialties business brings value to our diversified portfolio and vertical integration 
between refining and petrochemical processes. 
We refine and sell specialty products, including fuel coke, premium coke, solvents and polypropylene, all of 
which contribute to improving the quality of life worldwide.
We are the only producer and marketer of specific grades of petroleum coke, which are used in manufacturing 
steel, lithium-ion batteries, aluminum, titanium dioxide and specialty graphite products. 
While making clean products, our Bayway facility in Linden, New Jersey, also upgrades refining gas byproducts 
to make polypropylene resin. Polypropylene is recyclable and used in automotive components, appliances, 
carpeting, and health care and hygiene products.
AT A GLANCE
EV Specialty Products
Our products can be found in all types of vehicles.
8
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Research and Innovation
Phillips 66 is one of the few downstream energy companies with in-house research and development capabilities 
via our Energy Research & Innovation (ERI) organization. In addition to supporting current operations, this team 
supports a lower-carbon future by helping to develop and commercialize new technologies.
The scientists and engineers at our Phillips 66 Research Center in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, work to enhance 
the safety and reliability of our operations and to develop air, water and energy solutions, including battery 
technology and solid oxide fuel cells (SOFCs), which can be used for electricity storage.
Phillips 66 has 399 active U.S. patents in specialty carbon, premium coke, low-carbon hydrogen, solid oxide fuel 
cells, carbon capture, organic photovoltaics and biofuels, as of Dec. 31, 2021.
AT A GLANCE
SOFCs Explained
SOFCs generate electricity efficiently by oxidizing a fuel, such as  
natural gas, through electrochemical reactions rather than 
combustion. SOFCs can generate electricity at high efficiencies 
from an abundant, reliable and inexpensive fuel source. They 
produce no noise, have a 50% lower-carbon footprint than 
conventional power plants, have no combustion emissions and 
are an ideal technology for carbon dioxide (CO2) capture.
SOFCs also can be paired with solar- or wind-generated 
power, ensuring reliable energy even when the sun is not 
shining or the wind is not blowing. Their quiet, compact, 
modular design makes them a convenient source of on-site 
power for homes and businesses.
Carpet, Cable Insulation, Nylon Dashboard
Odorless Mineral Spirits
Polypropylene, CyclohexanePolypropylene, Cyclohexane, Sulfur
Glass
Fuel Coke
Paint, Adhesives
Fuel Coke, Hexane, Heptane,
Odorless Mineral Spirits
Steel Body
Needle Coke, 
Odorless Mineral Spirits
Battery
Anode Needle Coke
Tire/Rubber
Sulfur, Hexane
Bumper
Polypropylene
Aluminum Body
Anode Coke
SOLID OXIDE FUEL CELLS
Phillips 66 continues to progress its solid oxide fuel cell technology, 
holding nine U.S. patents and 29 U.S. pending patent applications in  
our SOFC's intellectual property portfolio.
• We published our patented SOFCs fabrication technique and 
research data in the Journal of the American Ceramic Society
• We installed a field demonstration of this technology at a 
Phillips 66 pipeline that has been in operation since 2020
• We anticipate a second application will be installed at a  
Phillips 66 marketing site in 2022
• In 2021, we announced that Phillips 66 was awarded a 
$3 million grant from the U.S. Department of Energy to 
advance high-performance reversible SOFCs
9
Phillips 66 Research Center
BARTLESVILLE, OK
Single cell
Air
Fuel
SOFC stack
OUR BUSINESSES: TODAY AND TOMORROW

Renewable Diesel and Alternative Fuels
Phillips 66 provides transportation fuels that move people and goods, and as we push forward into a lower-
carbon future, we are prioritizing renewable fuel projects that leverage existing infrastructure. We will process 
waste fats, cooking oils and other renewable feedstocks into transportation fuels. In 2021, we began producing 
renewable fuels from vegetable oil at our San Francisco Refinery in Rodeo, California, and we refine fuel from 
used cooking oil (UCO) at our Humber Refinery in North Lincolnshire, United Kingdom.
In 2021, we announced that we are securing feedstock for our growing portfolio of renewable fuels projects by 
investing in Shell Rock Soy Processing, a new soybean-processing plant in Iowa. Additionally, we support future 
renewable diesel production through our agreement with New Rise Renewables in Nevada.
CONVERTING OUR SAN FRANCISCO REFINERY
The Rodeo facility's focus on energy efficiency was recognized in early 2020 when it became the first crude oil 
refinery in California to earn an Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) ENERGY STAR certification for superior 
energy efficiency. Now we're taking the refinery to the next phase. It's being converted to process waste fats, 
UCO and other renewable feedstocks. When the conversion is complete in early 2024, Rodeo will be one of the 
world’s largest renewable fuels facilities, able to produce more than 800 million gallons per year (over 50,000 
BPD) of renewable diesel, renewable gasoline and sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). The conversion is expected to 
significantly reduce criteria pollutant emissions from our operations, preserve well-paying jobs and help California 
meet both its demand for transportation fuels and its environmental goals.
To further reduce GHG emissions, the refinery is pursuing other sustainable projects, including solar power  
to provide electricity to run its processes and exploring carbon capture. 
Phillips 66 made a final investment decision in 2022 to move forward with Rodeo Renewed after the project 
received approval from Contra Costa County.
10
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
San Francisco Refinery 
RODEO, CA
10
 PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

EMISSIONS 
JOBS IN CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
650
full-time and contractor jobs preserved through the conversion
500
construction jobs to be created and filled using local union labor
~4 million
projected construction work-hours
800 million
gallons of renewable transportation fuels produced per year, including:
• Renewable diesel: a high-cetane fuel that runs in all diesel engines 
and has a lower-carbon intensity than conventional diesel
• Sustainable aviation fuel: a lower-carbon intensity fuel alternative for 
the airline industry
(Once converted)
The Rodeo Renewed project will help California meet regional demand for renewable and conventional 
transportation fuels while assisting the state in achieving its environmental goals, including carbon 
neutrality by 2050. Projected environmental and economic results are highlighted below.
160 million
gallons of water saved per year
  80%
sulfur oxides 
(SOX)
  20%
particulate-matter 
emissions 
(PM10)
FEEDSTOCKS
We will have the capability to process a  
variety of renewable feedstocks, including:
• Fats and greases
• Used cooking oil
• Vegetable oils
  65%
fewer life-cycle carbon emissions, the 
equivalent of taking 1.4 million cars off 
the road each year
 33%
nitrous oxides 
(NOX)
AT A GLANCE
Rodeo Renewed
11
OUR BUSINESSES: TODAY AND TOMORROW

BRINGING MORE RENEWABLE FUELS TO CALIFORNIA DRIVERS
Biodiesel and renewable diesel are both renewable fuels but have different 
manufacturing processes. Biodiesel's process requires it be blended with 
traditional diesel before being used in an engine. Renewable diesel can 
be used as a drop-in fuel.
Our Richmond and Sacramento terminals in California have 
blended up to 20% biodiesel since 2018. We also blend biodiesel 
at our Colton Terminal in Bloomington, California.
In 2021, we added capability to sell renewable diesel in almost 
600 76 branded stations in California.
ADVANCING SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL
SAF is a lower-carbon intensity aviation fuel produced from 
renewable feedstocks such as waste oils, fats, greases and 
vegetable oils. Because it is a drop-in fuel, it works in existing 
aircraft engines and airport fuel infrastructure. 
Phillips 66 is a major U.S. refiner and supplier of petroleum 
jet fuel and avgas, and, in 2021, we signed a multiyear supply 
agreement with British Airways to provide SAF directly to 
the airline through existing pipelines. Also in 2021, we signed a 
memorandum of understanding with Southwest Airlines to advance the 
commercialization of SAF in the United States. These agreements leverage 
our history of innovation and our expertise in refining, distribution and 
technical commercialization.
ENABLING ADOPTION OF EV s
Lithium-ion batteries help power products from EVs to millions of smartphones and other consumer electronics, 
and the need for these batteries is projected to experience sharp growth over the coming decades.
We are a market supplier for the coke used as a precursor in lithium-ion batteries, and our battery program is 
focused on improving existing materials. As part of this effort, we are working to find ways to incorporate readily 
available, responsibly sourced materials that have the potential to extend the driving range for EVs.
In 2021, we acquired a 16% stake in NOVONIX, and we have an agreement to advance the production and 
commercialization of next-generation anode materials for lithium-ion batteries. The agreement enables both 
companies to leverage leading industry positions, existing intellectual property, and research and development 
capabilities to drive commercial development of optimized feedstocks and lithium-ion anode materials with 
reduced carbon-intensive processing.
We’re also part of a technical collaboration with battery-maker Faradion to develop lower-cost and higher-
performing anode materials for sodium-ion batteries. This energy storage technology has an advantage because 
it uses sustainable and widely available materials. The collaboration is expected to leverage our experience 
developing specialty carbon materials and Faradion’s work as a leader in sodium-ion battery technology. 
Applications for this technology include mobility, stationary storage, backup power and energy in remote locations. 
In 2022, we signed a letter of intent with FreeWire Technologies in support of its first EV charging program in the 
United States. The program will bring consumers electric fueling stations that meet their expectations for high-
speed, on-the-go charging. In addition to batteries, we produce high-performing lubricants formulated to meet 
the unique needs of EVs. In 2021, we launched the new Phillips 66 e-Shield line of products, including system 
fluid, grease and coolant.
76 branded station
PLEASANT HILL, CA
12
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

USING HYDROGEN AS A FUEL
Hydrogen is important in a number of manufacturing and agricultural applications. Phillips 66 is evaluating 
ways to invest in using hydrogen in our operations and expanding consumer choices as a transportation fuel. 
Hydrogen fuel can be produced from 100% renewable energy, including hydropower, wind, sun, biomass 
and geothermal sources, and when hydrogen is used to power fuel cell electric vehicles, the emissions are 
entirely CO2-free.
In 2022, we announced our commitment to form a joint venture with 
H2 Energy Europe to develop as many as 250 retail hydrogen 
refueling stations in Germany, Austria and Denmark by 2026. The 
partnership leverages the strength of our existing JET brand and 
will also utilize new locations on major transportation routes.
We anticipate demand for hydrogen will, in part, come from H2 
Energy’s ownership in Hyundai Hydrogen Mobility, a European 
retail and distribution partner for Hyundai's commercially available 
heavy-duty fuel cell truck.
Our Swiss joint venture, Coop Mineraloel AG, in which Phillips 66 has a  
49% interest, already has a hydrogen fueling program and has worked  
with Hyundai on the world’s first fleet of hydrogen-powered trucks.
Coop hydrogen fuel station
HUNZENSCHWIL, SWITZERLAND
250
projected hydrogen refueling stations in Europe by 2026 
Humber Refinery
NORTH LINCOLNSHIRE, UNITED KINGDOM
CAPTURING CARBON FROM OUR OPERATIONS
Carbon capture and storage (CCS) could enable decarbonization 
across manufacturing and heavy industry. International Energy 
Agency (IEA) projections indicate that, by 2040, CCS could lower 
global emissions by as much as 15%. Without this technology, 
the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change estimates global decarbonization efforts could be 
twice as costly.
Phillips 66 joined several other companies in 2021 in 
expressing support for the large-scale deployment of CCS 
technology in and around the Houston, Texas, industrial area. 
Together, these companies and others in the region could 
capture and store up to 50 million tons of CO2 per year by 
2030 and about 100 million tons per year by 2040. 
In 2021, the U.S. Department of Energy awarded Phillips 66 a grant 
to perform an initial engineering design study for employing CCS 
technology at the hydrogen production unit at our San Francisco 
Refinery in Rodeo, California. We are also evaluating projects to 
decarbonize our operations at other locations, including the Humber 
Refinery in the United Kingdom.
13
OUR BUSINESSES: TODAY AND TOMORROW

Building a Lower-carbon Value Chain
Phillips 66 Limited, a U.K.-based, wholly owned subsidiary of Phillips 66, is pursuing projects, technologies and 
partnerships that support decarbonization and the U.K. government’s 2050 net-zero ambitions. We are creating 
the refinery of the future by producing lower-carbon fuels from waste and reducing the carbon intensity of our 
manufacturing processes. We are also contributing to the growth of a lower-carbon value chain by supplying 
battery-grade coke to power EVs, supporting EV charging stations and developing hydrogen refueling networks.
SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL
Humber is the first refinery in the U.K. to produce SAF at scale. We are a 
member of the Department for Transport’s Jet Zero Council Delivery Group 
and support U.K. government plans for a future SAF mandate and a business 
model for investing in advanced waste-to-jet-fuel projects.  
In 2022, we made our first delivery of SAF to British Airways from our Humber 
Refinery as part of a multiyear supply agreement. In recognition of this 
achievement, Humber Refinery received the Humber Renewables award for 
Green Innovation in 2022.
FROM USED COOKING OIL TO USABLE FUEL
In 2017, the Humber Refinery was the first refinery in the United Kingdom to produce 
high-performing biofuels at scale when we started using UCO in our refining 
processes. The decarbonization benefit of using waste oil in refining is significant. 
Life-cycle emissions are 90% lower with UCO than with conventional fuels.
Through co-processing waste oils and other renewable feedstocks, Humber 
produces a broad range of products, from battery coke to bio-propane, 
bio-gasoline and SAF.
DEVELOPMENT FUELS
In 2021, the Humber Refinery became the United Kingdom's first at-scale 
development fuels processor. Development fuels are made from sustainable 
waste, residues or substances of non-biological origins. We are finding ways to 
convert problematic waste streams into lower-carbon fuels.
RENEWABLE DIESEL
Alongside our work to provide the lower-carbon fuels of tomorrow such as hydrogen and EV batteries, we are 
also focused on decarbonizing the existing road fleet. JET Renewable Diesel is a fuel that is chemically similar 
to conventional fossil-fuel-based diesel, but it's derived from biomass sources such as UCO, fats, greases and 
vegetable oils, resulting in a fuel of significantly lower-carbon intensity. JET Renewable Diesel meets specific 
sustainability and supply chain criteria that qualify it as a renewable transport fuel* under U.K. law.
UCO unit at Humber Refinery
NORTH LINCOLNSHIRE, UNITED KINGDOM
SAF testing at Humber Refinery
NORTH LINCOLNSHIRE, UNITED KINGDOM
*“Renewable transport fuel” as defined under Energy Act 2004 c. 20, s. 132 interpretation of Chapter 5 of Part 2 and applied under the Renewable 
Transport Fuel Obligation Order 2007/3072 (as amended). The Renewable Transport Fuel Obligation Order (RTFO) regulates renewable fuels used 
for transport in the U.K. For further information see our JET Renewable Diesel.
14
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

EV CHARGING
We are supporting decarbonization of the U.K. 
car fleet through the launch of JET Charge 
ultra-rapid charging service. This service 
debuted at our JET Refinery service station  
in Immingham, providing high-speed chargers 
for EV drivers.
CARBON CAPTURE AND STORAGE
Humber Refinery sits in the largest GHG-emitting 
industrial cluster in the United Kingdom and can play 
a pivotal role in not only reducing its own carbon 
footprint but also the wider region's. 
Humber Zero
We are a leader in Humber Zero, a regional CCS project 
capable of removing 8 million metric tons of CO2  per year 
by 2030.
Phillips 66 and combined heat and power company VPI 
Immingham are investing a total of £12.5 million to advance the 
Humber Zero project. Innovate UK Industrial Strategy Challenge 
Fund is matching that investment.
RENEWABLE HYDROGEN 
Phillips 66 believes the U.K. has the potential to be a global leader in  
low-carbon hydrogen production, with exciting applications in transportation fuels, 
home heating, power storage and decarbonizing industrial processes that require  
energy inputs at levels electrification cannot achieve. 
Gigastack 
Humber Refinery is part of a consortium leading the Gigastack project to generate renewable hydrogen using 
renewable power from wind, which will be used to heat the refinery's furnaces and reduce fuel consumption. 
The refinery has an existing industrial-scale hydrogen infrastructure, mitigating the risks and costs associated 
with low-carbon hydrogen projects. 
We are working toward a low-carbon hydrogen refueling network capable of supplying hard-to-decarbonize 
elements of the transportation sector, such as heavy goods vehicles and ships. By leveraging Gigastack, we can 
deliver low-carbon hydrogen produced using wind power for vehicles not suited to battery technology. 
JET Charge EV charging unit at Newton Park service station
COUNTY DURHAM, UNITED KINGDOM
Coker unit at Humber Refinery
NORTH LINCOLNSHIRE, UNITED KINGDOMEV BATTERY COKE
Humber Refinery is the only European facility producing 
battery-grade coke, which forms a critical component 
for batteries in EVs and consumer electronics.
By 2024, all U.K.- and EU-produced EVs are required 
to have at least 55% of the vehicle content by value 
produced domestically.
15
OUR BUSINESSES: TODAY AND TOMORROW

Environment  
and Safety
16
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Ponca City Refinery
PONCA CITY, OK
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

We take the time to work safely —  
every job, every day — to protect people  
and the environment.
17
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

In 2021, sustainability priorities were integrated into key company systems, including 
capital guidelines, Health, Safety and Environmental Management System (HSEMS) 
assessment, new hire orientations and asset acquisitions.
We operate in a highly regulated industry and comply with the many local, state and federal regulations 
that affect our operations, including those concerning air emissions, water effluent and solid waste-handling.  
We strive to eliminate environmental events, and we work to prevent releases of hydrocarbons or chemicals.
Our Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) policy defines our commitment to protecting our employees, 
contractors, customers and communities while achieving our goals for growth, returns and distributions.
We integrate our health, occupational safety, process safety and environmental stewardship principles 
throughout our businesses, with a commitment to continuous improvement that minimizes our potential impact 
on our neighbors and the environment. We also consult with stakeholders on environmental issues.
Health, Safety and Environmental Management
Our HSE policy is the foundation for our HSEMS. The HSEMS creates environmental awareness internally and 
is the framework for consistently monitoring our environmental performance and ensuring our 
operations minimize their impact on the environment.
Our HSEMS guides our entire workforce, including labor and management, 
experienced workers, new hires, contractors and subcontractors. It provides 
the framework to reduce risks and improve performance while establishing 
a continuous improvement process for policy implementation, leadership 
expectations and core values. This focus on operating excellence 
facilitates HSE performance and compliance with key standards, 
procedures and guidelines.
Our rules apply to all business units and are often stricter than 
regulatory requirements. Core standards include reporting, 
metrics, crisis management, emergency response, due diligence, 
incident investigation, risk assessment and corporate auditing.
Our rigorous auditing protocols enable us to assess our 
performance and progress frequently. On-site inspections are 
conducted by both third-party auditors and Phillips 66 internal 
auditors trained to recognize health and safety best practices.  
All deviations are investigated and corrected.
All Phillips 66 sites have HSE controls and practices, along with 
HSE management and staff dedicated to excellence and risk 
mitigation. Our Senior Vice President of HSE and Projects has 
direct responsibility for the HSEMS and reports directly to our Chief 
Executive Officer. HSE considerations are embedded into every task and 
business decision.
Our business units have internally audited multiyear plans for 
environmental improvement. Our dynamic "Plan-Do-Assess-Adjust" 
approach allows our HSEMS to be proactive in making adjustments to  
drive environmental progress.
18
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Ferndale Refinery
FERNDALE, WA
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Distinguished Safety Award, the industry's highest recognition to: 
Sweeny Refinery
Elite Gold Safety Award, top 1% of industry performance: 
Billings Refinery
Elite Silver Safety Award, top 5% of industry performance: 
Bayway Refinery
Our Environmental Steering teams drive site-level 
improvement, track and review key metrics, and 
develop improvement plans. Those plans are shared 
with corporate leadership to highlight best practices. 
Leadership directs efforts to reduce environmental 
events and increase work practice consistency. 
Additionally, peer reviews of air permits and active 
environmental networks allow subject-matter experts 
in areas such as air monitoring, leak detection, waste 
management and water treatment to work across 
functions. They share best practices and lessons 
learned to drive sustainable improvement. Business 
units are also adopting this method.
From 2017 to 2021, we invested approximately 
$5 billion in sustaining capital, which includes 
environmental protection projects. In 2021, we 
invested over $800 million in safety, environmental 
and reliability projects, with approximately $500 
million targeted specifically for refining reliability,  
safety and environmental projects.
These investments improve our operating standards 
and procedures, business assurance programs, and 
companywide asset maintenance. We use energy and 
other resources efficiently, make strategic investments 
in research and development, and support habitat and 
conservation programs. We also focus on investments 
in technology to improve our assets, products and 
processes to increase efficiency.
AT A GLANCE
Awards and Recognition
31 VPP STAR FACILITIES
OSHA Voluntary Protection 
Program (VPP) recognition  
across our  
Refining, Midstream  
and Lubricants operations
SIX ENERGY STAR SITES
Refineries that have earned 
this US EPA certification  
since 2012
"MOST TRUSTWORTHY 
COMPANY AWARD" 
From Newsweek in 2021
MIDSTREAM SAFETY 
PERFORMANCE 
RECOGNITION
GPA Midstream Company 
Safety Award
GPA Midstream Perfect 
Record Award
API Distinguished Pipeline 
Safety Award
ILTA International Liquid  
Terminals Association 
Platinum Safety Award
THREE REFINERIES ACHIEVED  
AFPM SAFETY AWARDS
AFPM bestowed its safety recognition awards for
Distinguished Safety Award,  
the industry's highest recognition to: 
Sweeny Refinery
Elite Gold Safety Award,  
top 1% of industry performance:  
Billings Refinery
Elite Silver Safety Award,  
top 5% of industry performance:  
Bayway Refinery
19
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

OSHA’S VOLUNTARY PROTECTION PROGRAM
Across our Refining, Midstream and Lubricants assets, 31 facilities have Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration (OSHA) Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) STAR recognition, meaning about half our 
U.S. employees work at a VPP site. Six contractor companies at our sites also participate in VPP. The STAR 
recognition is OSHA's highest workplace honor, and to maintain this status, each site must complete self-
evaluations every year and undergo an OSHA site inspection every three to five years. In 2021, our Tacoma 
Terminal in Washington, and our Coke Handling Terminal and Clifton Ridge Marine Terminal in Louisiana all 
achieved VPP STAR recertification for another five years. 
ISO CERTIFICATIONS
Our facilities follow Phillips 66 quality management systems, and many are certified to International Organization 
for Standardization (ISO) measures. Some customers require this certification of our polypropylene products and 
lubricants, and even though we don't certify all units to ISO, our comprehensive process safety event (PSE) and 
environmental management systems meet or exceed ISO standards.
Our Lubricants business conforms to the ISO 14001:2004 Environmental Management System. Five of our 
lubricants facilities have certification to ISO 14001 and the ISO 9001:2015/IATF16949:2016 Quality Management 
System Standard. Lubricants Research and Development is accredited to the ISO/IEC 17025 standard for testing 
and calibration laboratories.
Bayway Refinery's polypropylene business in Linden, New Jersey, is certified to ISO 9001:2015 for the design 
and manufacturing of pellets. We have numerous practices for containing 
and mitigating loss. Pellets are piped to an on-site storage 
silo, creating a closed system. From there, the product 
is blended and fed into rail cars for transportation 
to customers. We inspect rail cars for operable 
and closed caps and valves. Environmental 
performance includes collecting scrap and 
vacuuming sumps to recycle pellets, 
preventing plastic pellets from leaving the 
property. We are prepared with booms 
and vacuum trucks should a spill occur. 
Our Bayway facility management and 
employees are committed to Operation 
Clean Sweep and support the goal 
of zero pellet loss. We have also 
implemented a rail car return policy 
intended to eliminate the possibility of 
pellets entering the environment due to 
unsealed or improperly sealed rail cars 
returning from our customers.
Wood River Refinery’s odorless mineral 
spirits and benzene business lines in Roxana, 
Illinois, conform to ISO 9001:2015 Quality 
Management System Standards.
In the United Kingdom, the Humber Refinery is 
working to transition to the new ISO 14001 standard 
and is certified to the 2015 version.
20
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Polypropylene unit at Bayway Refinery
LINDEN, NJ
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Safety Performance
Our safety culture, comprehensive HSE policies, management systems and an across-the-board company 
commitment resulted in an OSHA Total Recordable Rate (TRR) of 0.12 in 2021. That’s 25 times lower than the 
overall U.S. manufacturing average and lower than the 2021 average in refining and other industries. Our 2021 
combined Tier 1 and Tier 2 Process Safety was 0.13, our best-ever performance. 
2021 was also a record year for Midstream Operations, as we recorded the safest year in Midstream history: 
• Recorded our best TRR ever at 0.03
• Achieved two years without an employee recordable injury
• Set a record for fewest spills and fewest PSEs
• Added the 17th Midstream facility to our list of operating facilities that are recognized as VPP STAR sites 
Sources: Bureau of Labor Statistics, 2020 data; Phillips 66, 2021 data
TOTAL RECORDABLE RATE (TRR) BY INDUSTRY
5
4
3
2
1
0
0.12
Industry Average
n Food manufacturing
n Retail trade
n Construction
n Motion picture, video industries
n Electric power generation, 
transmission, distribution
n Petroleum refineries
n Phillips 66
(Incidents per 200,000 hours worked)
(All industries including private, local and state government)
WORKING TOWARD ZERO
We are determined to be the energy industry's safest and most reliable company. We believe that a zero-
process-safety-incident and zero-injury workplace is achievable. We are committed to protecting the health and 
safety of everyone at our worksites and in the communities where we operate. This priority is embodied in our 
investment in asset maintenance and integrity and our HSE policies, programs and procedures.
We proactively perform focused audits on major work activities such as energy isolation, startup/shutdown 
activities, turnaround events, procedures and human performance tools. Our business units complete an annual 
report on risks, including a list of corrective actions to address risks identified and closed during the year. In 
addition, business unit managers verify compliance with company risk management requirements.
The reports are reviewed and signed off by each subsequent level of management. Ultimately, a complete report 
containing the status of risk items throughout the company is developed, reviewed with the chairman and CEO, 
and summarized for the Public Policy and Sustainability Committee.
Safety and environmental performance are part of our compensation structure for executives and employees. 
We measure ourselves against the best performers in our industry and target top-quartile performance in safety, 
environmental stewardship and effective management of unplanned downtime.
21
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

SHIELD YOUR FUTURE
Shield Your Future is a training program 
for all new employees and contractors. 
It includes case studies based on 
real incidents at Phillips 66 and 
exercises to enhance understanding 
of safety protocols. These lessons are 
the foundation and the "why we do 
what we do" for many of our 10 Life 
Saving Rules.
New employees get materials to 
review before their first day, and the 
information is covered as part of 
orientation. The training is also used as 
a refresh for existing employees. 
There are three components of 
Shield Your Future:
1. Be Aware of Your Actions
2. Stop Work When Unsure
3. Recognize Hazards
Hands-on Learning Leads the Way
Safety is our first core value. We seek out impactful 
ways to keep safety at the forefront. In 2021, the Sweeny 
Refinery created a hands-on safety training experience 
for more than 850 employees and contractors.
The Safety Days program focuses on improving understanding 
of the Phillips 66 10 Life Saving Rules and Sweeny's safe work 
practices. It is facilitated by safety teams and operations and 
maintenance personnel who bring their front-line perspective to 
the training. 
Over five weeks, groups of about 50 cross-functional 
employees rotate through eight hands-on stations, including 
energy isolation, fall protection, confined space entry, hazard 
recognition and live fire extinguisher training. Each station meets 
requirements for annual refresher training, uses prior incidents 
as examples, addresses frequently asked questions and allows 
employees to practice what they've learned. 
Training stations feature a multilevel scaffold, a lock-out tag-out 
and work permitting room, access to mobile equipment, and 
retired process equipment for hands-on practice. 
Employee feedback was overwhelmingly positive, and this 
critical training has been key to the Sweeny Refinery achieving 
excellence in safety performance.
10 LIFE SAVING RULES
In conjunction with the HSEMS, our 10 Life Saving Rules program is fundamental to Phillips 66's safety culture.  
All employees are trained on the rules, which are clear, concise and apply to all routine and critical activities.  
They enhance safety performance and benefit both individuals and communities by preventing injuries.
CONTRACTOR SAFETY
We involve our contract companies in planning work to be performed to ensure safe practices. Regular 
communication at all levels is foundational to achieving our mutual goals. Many of our sites have an established 
Contractor Safety Alliance. These teams include safety professionals, front-line supervisors and leadership 
from Phillips 66 and each of our contract companies and business trades. They meet regularly to discuss safety 
issues, performance and lessons learned. Subcommittee members mentor and onboard new contractors and 
train them on our 10 Life Saving Rules and other safe work procedures. 
We have contractor-to-contractor audits to support smaller contract companies. The teams include 
Phillips 66 employees and several contract company leaders. They reach out to workers and address any 
barriers to safe work. 
22
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

STOP-WORK AUTHORITY
Two principles that guide all employees and 
contractors working within our facilities are taking the 
time to work safely and having the right to speak up 
and stop work if a safety concern is identified.
Everyone working at or visiting our sites is empowered 
— and required — to stop any work they believe 
poses a risk to themselves, the people around them 
or the environment. We train our workforce to "stop 
when unsure." No employee or contractor will ever 
experience negative repercussions for using their 
stop-work authority in good faith, even if it turns out 
that there wasn’t a hazard; in fact, employees and 
contractors who speak up when they spot a potential 
problem are rewarded through the company’s Good 
Catch program. It’s another way we hold ourselves 
accountable for everyone’s safety every day.
SAFETY MEETINGS, SUMMITS AND TRAINING
Each of our sites conducts a monthly safety 
committee meeting. Employees, managers and union 
representatives review goals and safety practices. 
They also audit results and work together to keep an 
open dialogue focused on continuous improvement. 
In addition to providing continuing education 
opportunities, these meetings enable knowledge-
sharing from experts such as industrial hygienists, safety 
specialists and process safety representatives. We have 
more frequent meetings within our field staff groups 
and perform job safety analyses for each field job.
We periodically host large-scale company training 
summits. This is an opportunity to gather people from 
every health and safety committee in the company 
to share best practices, goals and performance 
milestones. In addition, attendees gain new techniques, 
skills and knowledge they can implement at their home 
facility. The summits also encourage union leaders and 
Phillips 66 management to maintain an open dialogue 
and speak with a unified voice about safety.
We also hold periodic contractor safety summits 
with all our major contracting companies to set 
expectations and goals, share best practices, and keep 
lines of communication open. Each Midstream Region 
holds a regional contractor summit with its primary 
and secondary contractors. In 2021, in compliance with 
COVID-19 restrictions, we held a virtual summit with 
select primary contractors and contractor mentors. 
AUDITS AND INSPECTIONS
Our facilities are subject to rigorous internal, industry 
and external audits and inspections, and our operations 
are managed to ensure compliance and asset integrity. 
There are hundreds of audits each year across our 
operations. External auditing agencies include OSHA 
and the U.K. Health and Safety Executive, the EPA and 
U.K. Environmental Agency, U.S. Coast Guard, Pipeline 
and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration and the 
Chemical Safety Board.
HSE audits are on a predetermined cycle that covers 
all operations. Additionally, refinery operating 
excellence audits, insurance risk assessments, trade 
association assessments and third-party safety audits 
happen each year. 
Audits are documented and include a process for 
communicating results to management and provisions 
for periodic review and corrective actions.
HSE performance is verified through robust assurance 
processes that involve corporate staff and business 
unit employees. Each business unit establishes and 
maintains auditing processes to assess the adequacy 
and effectiveness of HSE controls and compliance 
with legal requirements and standards of operation. 
Joint ventures, partnerships and contractors are all 
included in the auditing process.
We are also involved in numerous industry 
improvement and standard-setting committees of 
American Petroleum Institute (API), American Fuel 
& Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) and the 
Association of Oil Pipe Lines. Our facilities follow 
industry-leading quality management systems, 
and many are certified to international standards. 
These efforts have made our sector, and specifically 
Phillips 66, a safety leader among U.S. industries.
Through our occupational health and industrial 
hygiene program, we evaluate our workplaces for health 
hazards to ensure that we protect everyone at our 
facilities. Employees and contractors report both actual 
incidents and near misses that have or could have 
resulted in injury, property damage or environmental 
impact. We learn from these situations, identifying 
and removing the root causes to reduce the risk 
of recurrence.
23
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

Process Safety
Process safety is about ensuring containment of hazardous materials to avoid harming people and the 
environment. We recognize the need to be proactive and continuously improve. Accordingly, we have 
identified these focus areas:
• Leveraging process hazard assessment best practices across the company, with added emphasis on 
safeguards to prevent the highest consequence events
• Reducing the number of events caused by imprecise execution of tasks
• Improving our learning efficiency and effectiveness
Our active participation in trade associations and benchmarking groups also helps us identify 
opportunities for our business while advancing overall industry performance.
PROCESS SAFETY EVENTS
PSEs are unplanned or uncontrolled releases of hazardous material.  
We closely monitor and measure our performance in this area. 
Phillips 66 works to eliminate PSEs by applying best practices in 
design, engineering, operations and maintenance. We also perform hazard 
analyses and use change-management procedures to mitigate risk.
We routinely audit our safety, mechanical integrity, operating 
and maintenance programs. We investigate serious incidents 
and near misses to develop corrective actions and capture 
learnings. We create and improve our procedures to ensure 
employees and contractors are aware of hazards and how to 
address and mitigate them.
Tier 1 and Tier 2 PSEs are defined by the API Recommended 
Practice 754. Tier 1 PSEs are the most significant type 
of unplanned or uncontrolled release of material from 
primary containment.
Tier 2 events have lesser consequences than Tier 1 events, yet 
they are still important. All Tier 1 and Tier 2 events are investigated 
to determine the underlying causes so we can act to prevent 
recurrences. Our goal is zero PSEs.
In 2021, our Refining business unit had zero energy isolation-related Tier 1 
PSEs, and its overall Tier 1 process safety event rate of 0.05 led our industry. Our 2021 
companywide PSE Tier 1 and Tier 2 rates were better than the refining industry average rate.
Optimization
To thrive in the energy transition, we must focus on efficiencies within our processes and decision making, 
leverage digital capabilities, and advanced automation. 
AdvantEdge66 is an enterprisewide digital transformation program focused on utilizing data, artificial 
intelligence, and machine learning to deliver agility, efficiency and value. Optimizing our current operations is 
essential to operating a sustainable business.
Our Value Chain Optimization Engine effort released nine new tools in 2021. These tools include cloud-based 
applications that help us improve performance projections, scenario planning and supply comparisons. 
Safety meeting at Ponca City Refinery
PONCA CITY, OK
24
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Digitizing Operating Procedures and Permits in Refining
In 2021, we began a multiyear initiative that will ultimately impact 18,000 refining  
operating procedures. 
As part of our DOM project, the first step, completed in 2021, was 
converting procedures detailed on paper to digital files stored in a cloud-
based tool. This allows operators to access and execute procedures from 
the field using a mobile device.
During the second phase, which began in 2021 and will continue through 
2023, we are incorporating human factors principles to improve procedures 
and make them clearer and easier to follow. Cross-functional teams review 
each procedure to ensure all critical content is included. This work is critical to 
reducing the risk of procedure-related errors. 
Data on Tier 1 PSEs reveals that unclear, vague, irrelevant or unfollowed 
procedures contribute to about 40% of events. Our procedure 
management initiative is intended to improve our procedures and reduce 
the risk of errors. Midstream is also piloting this approach. 
Our Electronic Work Permitting process is live across all sites. The 
fully electronic system allows refineries to complete routine and major 
maintenance projects more safely and efficiently, brings consistency, 
reduces reliance on personal knowledge, improves hazard recognition 
and increases the overall safety of the permitted work. It includes a 
leading-edge Hazard Identification and Risk Assessment tool with artificial 
intelligence technologies to improve safety planning. Another benefit of 
digitizing these records is eliminating paper use and the associated waste.
MIDSTREAM DIGITAL INNOVATION
Our Midstream Digital Innovation project uses technology to increase operational efficiencies, 
enhance human performance and safety, and deliver value across dozens of workstreams. 
As an example, our Deep Learning optimization solution boosts fractionation capacity to 
maximize throughput. We’ve automated Control Center-operated pipeline startups, shutdowns 
and steady-state operation to minimize manual inputs, resulting in improved flow rates and 
higher throughput. This also preserves pipeline integrity by reducing pressure-cycle fatigue. 
WIRELESS REFINERIES
We are adding wireless connectivity to enable smart operations monitoring and utilizing sensors 
to analyze and alert us to irregularities. This reduces risk, enhances safety and optimizes energy 
utilization at our refineries. 
DIGITAL OPERATIONS AND MAINTENANCE
We’re enhancing our current systems and operations through our Digital Operations & Maintenance 
(DOM) program. DOM evaluates new technologies that give us greater visibility into our systems, allow  
us to find opportunities to optimize our processes and increase efficiency.
APPLICATIONS 
FOR REFINING 
COMPETITIVENESS
In 2022, we rolled out a new 
digital workflow tool called 
Applications for Refining 
Competitiveness (ARC). 
Users access ARC through a 
mobile interface that alerts 
them when action is needed. 
The system has increased 
efficiency, managing more 
than 14,000 process steps 
simultaneously. It also 
improves accuracy by offering 
users instructions on how to 
complete tasks. 
Pipeline Control Center
BARTLESVILLE, OK
25
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

ASSET PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT 
Asset Performance Management (APM) provides 
data and analytics to identify and eliminate reliability 
issues. In 2021, we completed the APM rollout to all 
our refineries. Now, with a common platform, data can 
be accessed in minutes, not hours, enabling dashboards 
and metrics that drive actions to prevent failures. As 
a result, we can better prevent unplanned downtime, 
monitor equipment to optimize utilization and eliminate 
defects, and track successes.
Improving Operations in Refining
Our Advanced Integrated Mechanical Integrity (AIMI) project is improving early 
detection of corrosion threats at our refineries. 
In 2021, we completed pilot programs at our Borger and Ferndale refineries, uncovering many 
opportunities to improve our inspection program and several near-miss inspection findings that were 
subsequently repaired. This proactive approach reduces lost-profit opportunities and improves safety, 
environmental and turnaround performance.
AIMI takes a risk-based approach to systematically standardize, validate and digitize our design and 
process information. It improves inspection planning because we are using leading-edge software 
and analytical tools, communicating across operating groups, improving access to information, linking 
corrosion threats to specific equipment, and facilitating cross-site sharing of findings.
DRONE TECHNOLOGY 
Drones allow us to monitor assets from a safe distance and at various elevations while also allowing pilots to 
zoom in and take close-up images to identify anomalies. By the end of 2022, we plan to have over 90 trained 
and qualified drone pilots across our Refining and Midstream organizations. Pilots must meet Federal Aviation 
Administration and Phillips 66 proficiency requirements by completing the FAA's Part 107 certification and 
advanced operations training through a third-party drone pilot training company.
Some of the applications across our assets are:
• Inspections, including:
 – Elevated structures
 – Tank seals 
 – Flare stacks
 – Heater stacks
 – Foam chambers
 – Environmental conditions
 – Overhead electrical lines
• Volumetric measurements such as coke pile volume 
and tank dike volume
• Site mapping
• Support for emergency response
Inspection drone at 
Bayway Refinery
LINDEN, NJ
26
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS
We are prepared to respond to emergencies and work with local, state and federal agencies. Our Emergency 
Response Management System provides a model for building and maintaining crisis management and 
emergency response plans.
At the corporate level, the company maintains a Crisis Management Plan with personnel 
who can provide practical and prompt support to supplement actions taken in 
response to an emergency. The company also utilizes Regional Response teams to 
support businesses during significant emergencies.
Incident Management Assistance team drill
FERNDALE, WA
Each facility has a written emergency response plan that includes a 
process for identifying potential emergencies and planning for mitigation 
and control. We focus on individualized, site-specific training rather than 
larger-scale general training exercises. Employees are trained for their 
responsibilities and assignments under each scenario. Drills are conducted 
frequently and critiqued so plans can be adjusted as needed. Emergency 
response plans and documents are thoroughly reviewed each year. 
In our annual emergency response drills, we use realistic scenarios to ensure 
that our Emergency Response Organization and the communities around our facilities 
are prepared to respond to emergencies. Participation by local and corporate leaders ensures 
high standards for training and competence for our on-site first responders.
Our teams of first responders protect lives and secure the area in an emergency. We invest in 
training and sending emergency responders to premier institutions such as the Fire Service 
Institute at the University of Illinois and the Emergency Services Training Institute at Texas A&M 
University. We extend this specialized training beyond our first responders, covering the costs for 
firefighters based near our refineries so they can train alongside our teams. 
In addition, when we hold drills and training exercises in areas near Native American communities, we 
also invite tribal representatives to participate. We believe that sharing these resources is a way to make 
our communities safer and keep important lines of communication open. 
We ensure our first responders are prepared to serve on our Incident Response teams and coordinate 
with government agencies that have authority and jurisdiction over our emergency response efforts. Each of 
our business units also completes multiple notification accountability drills for emergencies and one tabletop 
exercise every year.
In addition, we hold dozens of exercises for other scenarios, including the following:
• Process safety management
• Risk management fire or vapor cloud scenarios
• Supervisory control and data acquisition failure exercises at least twice a year
• Responses to real-world events
• Government-initiated unannounced exercises
• Earthquake responses
• Hurricane exercises
• Continuity of business or pandemic exercises
If there's ever an interruption of operations, the business continuity plans are put into action to quickly resume 
manufacturing and transporting energy products to markets worldwide.
27
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

Asset Integrity
Ensuring the integrity of our assets is a crucial HSEMS component. Business units develop programs and 
procedures to ensure proper asset design, fabrication, installation, operation and maintenance to minimize 
asset integrity risks associated with operations and equipment failure. Asset integrity programs include quality 
assurance and quality control, defined inspection and maintenance intervals for process equipment, and meeting 
company standards.
These high-tech integrity programs and processes are designed to prevent unintentional product releases and 
protect everyone at our facilities and surrounding communities. Many of our company's process safety and 
environmental standards exceed industry requirements, promoting our goal of an incident-free workplace.
PIPELINE INTEGRITY
Liquids pipelines move crude oil and natural gas liquids 
to our operating assets and take the natural gas liquids, 
gasoline, diesel and jet fuel we produce to market.
Our approach to pipeline safety is rooted in preventing 
product releases and staying ahead of maintenance 
requirements and emergency preparedness. Elements 
of these programs include exacting design and 
construction standards, comprehensive pipeline 
maintenance, 24/7 remote-line monitoring, leak 
detection, community education programs and strong 
relationships with emergency response teams across 
our asset footprint.
Starting at the planning stage, we work to ensure a 
project complies with all applicable regulations and 
laws, including the Clean Water Act, Endangered 
Species Act, National Historic Preservation Act and 
others. We coordinate and engage with many agencies, 
such as the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, U.S. Fish and 
Wildlife Service, and local and state regulators.
We take environmental considerations into account 
during the planning for all pipeline projects and work to 
identify community needs and wants.
We seek existing pipeline corridors where feasible and 
use advanced construction techniques to minimize the 
impact on the environment, local communities, wildlife 
and natural resources. 
When we build or repair pipelines, we use various 
state-of-the-art techniques to ensure asset integrity, 
such as horizontal directional drilling technology, which 
allows us to bury pipelines deep underneath riverbeds, 
preventing pipeline exposures. Since 2012, Phillips 66 
has spent approximately $130 million to enhance 
resilience at river crossings.
We support response efforts along a pipeline’s 
planned route, and we regularly donate equipment to 
emergency response teams.
~$130 million
invested to enhance resilience at river crossings 
since 2012
28
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
28
Clemens to Gregory (C2G) Pipeline
BRAZORIA, TX
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Existing pipeline rights-of-way are visually inspected 
biweekly, and in some areas, we also inspect via regular 
aerial pipeline patrols to look for potential signs of 
leaks and any other pipeline integrity threats such as 
unauthorized digging or exposures. We are recognized 
for our efforts to go beyond regulatory requirements. 
We have implemented state-of-the-art leak detection 
technology, real-time transient modeling, on all our 
operated pipelines.
Our Pipeline Control Center staff in Bartlesville, 
Oklahoma, continuously monitors each pipeline's 
operations and pressure. At the first sign of a pressure 
change that could indicate a leak, an employee will shut 
down the pipeline as a precautionary measure until 
the matter is understood and resolved. Our proactive 
“think leak” approach, in which we work to prove that 
there is not a leak versus the more traditional approach 
of proving that there is a leak, has been noted by a 
representative of the Department of Transportation’s 
Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration 
as industry-leading. 
We developed tools to monitor pipeline pressure 
cycles in real time. These tools give us insight into the 
pipelines with a high risk of pressure-cycle fatigue. 
In pressure-cycle reduction projects, we've achieved 
pressure-cycle reductions as high as 80%. This 
translates into a lower risk for leaks caused by crack 
failures. It also results in fewer crack remediation 
excavations and can lengthen the intervals between 
crack inspections. 
We also have an industry-leading maintenance 
program that uses smart pipeline inspection gauges, 
or “pigs,” which travel through the pipelines and send 
images, enabling us to inspect and assess the interior 
of our pipelines and proactively identify maintenance 
needs from the inside.
Hydrocarbon Spills
We are improving the integrity testing of pipelines and 
using data analytics to reduce seam cracks. We apply 
our technical resources and know-how through joint 
studies with the Pipeline Research Council International, 
Joint Industry Partnership, and various committees 
within API and the Association for Materials Protection 
and Performance. 
In 2021, 95% of the Midstream environmental spill 
release volume directly resulted from damages 
sustained during Hurricane Ida. 
Pipelines are one of the safest ways to transport the energy we use every day, delivering products safely 99.999% 
of the time. We manage more than 22,000 miles of pipeline systems and directly operate about 12,800 of those 
miles, making Phillips 66 one of the largest pipeline operators in the United States by barrel-miles.
1+ billion
barrels of product delivered through operated 
pipelines in 2021
3.3 million
BPD of product delivered
AT A GLANCE
Pipeline Safety
29
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

Living Our Values Through a Pipeline Replacement Project
Our pipelines deliver crude oil, refined petroleum products and natural gas liquids. 
As segments of the pipelines age, we replace or reroute them to 
ensure the safe delivery of our products. Approximately 30% 
of the Midstream sustaining capital budget is allocated for 
pipe replacements. 
• Our 90-mile Cherokee East Pipeline runs from 
our refinery in Ponca City, Oklahoma, to the 
northeastern part of the state, and, in 2021, 
we replaced and rerouted 27 miles of the 
clean product pipeline. Construction will be 
complete in 2023
• The 250-mile-long Blue Line transports 
propane and butane from Paola, Kansas, 
to customers in Missouri and Illinois. Over 
the last six years, we’ve replaced more 
than 100 miles; an additional 34 will be 
replaced in 2022 and another 14 miles  
in 2023
The projects are notable for their importance 
and scope and for the safety example set by 
about 300 employees and contractors who 
worked on-site. Their teamwork, communication 
and commitment to safety led to more than 800,000 
operational work-hours with zero recordable employee 
injuries and zero pipeline system release events.
Safety goes beyond our workforce; the safety of the 
environment and the surrounding community is also a priority. 
COMMUNITY SUSTAINABILITY
We also made investments in several Missouri communities surrounding the Blue Line replacement 
project, including: 
• A utility terrain vehicle for the Pacific Fire Protection District
• A safety fence around a commuter parking lot
• A Utility Task Vehicle with fire suppression and Emergency Medical Services skid insert for the 
Eureka Fire Protection District
• Equipment for the Fenton Fire Department Regional Training Facility
• A park shelter and trail project for Jefferson County Parks and Recreation
Gray Oak Pipeline at Taft storage facility
TAFT, TX
30
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

WATER CONSERVATION
Water is an essential resource in our manufacturing facilities and processes. All our refining assets have on-site 
water treatment systems, many of which use available brackish, saltwater or non-freshwater resources, as well 
as solutions that involve industrial reuse processes. In North America and the United Kingdom, we operate 12 
biological treatment plants and 15 pre-treatment facilities.
Phillips 66 researches and develops best practices for water use to ensure that we will have sufficient, sustainable 
water resources well into the future, and we are responsibly managing this critical natural resource. We also 
evaluate new technologies and products to decrease our water footprint by recycling more water, and we 
collaborate with research institutions to solve water challenges.
To meet and exceed the strict requirements of the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, or industrial 
pre-treatment permits, we have improved our water management procedures, setting higher environmental 
performance standards, minimizing plant upsets, and reducing chemical use and waste generation. We have 
developed leading Key Performance Indicators as part of our water use efficiency program for our facilities, 
including condensate returned to steam produced and condensate recovered versus consumed in the process.
Our refineries produce 15 million pounds of steam per hour. Each pound of steam is more than a pound of water, 
which is why we’re working to optimize our use of steam and minimize losses. As part of our DOM program, 
we’re rolling out an optimization tool to all our refineries. The tool allows operators and engineers to see the 
entire steam system and provides prescriptive actions to use the steam and minimize loss from venting. This is 
expected to help us recover 250 million pounds of steam a year.
Using Technology to Save Water
Pilot program reduced water usage and saved energy costs. 
Our Billings and Bayway refineries implemented steam trap monitoring as 
part of the DOM program. Using hand-held acoustic sensors coupled with 
a cloud-based analytics program, steam traps were periodically tested. 
Initial surveys identified areas for prioritized maintenance. Repairing the 
identified traps netted $1.3 million per year savings in energy costs at the 
two facilities. The work also helped improve third-party energy intensity 
performance statistics and reduce GHG emissions.
Three additional refineries will start the program in 2022 and remaining  
refineries are scheduled to be included in 2023.
$1.3 million
saved in 2021 energy costs 
by reducing steam losses at 
Billings and Bayway refineries
Closed-circuit Reverse Osmosis
We repurposed a conventional reverse osmosis unit to use closed-circuit 
reverse osmosis (CCRO) to treat about 900 gallons per minute (GPM) of 
concentrated brine for use in boilers. 
CCRO works like a cooling tower that cycles water until it reaches a set 
salt content, at which point it blows down the brine while continuing to 
generate clean water. We see results in significantly improved cooling 
tower cycles, and the annual raw water demand for Borger's boilers is 
down by 473 million gallons.
473 million
gallons of water saved through 
CCRO at the Borger Refinery
Environmental Stewardship
31
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY

Wastewater
We regularly engage with wastewater trade associations like the Water Environment Federation to work with our 
peers to develop and share best practices. Our wastewater experts volunteer their time to peer-review articles 
published in Environmental Engineering Science, a journal covering climate change, energy and environment; 
contaminant fate and transport; environmental sensors; and green technologies.
We are also working on a project to treat and recycle 3,200 GPM of wastewater to be used in boilers at our 
Borger Refinery. This project will help the refinery meet new selenium discharge requirements.  
Remediated Water Recycling Estimates
Our Remediation Management team is responsible for treating water that may have been contaminated. In 2021, 
the team treated and recycled over 48 million barrels of water for reuse at our facilities, reducing the amount of 
freshwater needed to operate. 
Typical reuses can include temperature control of cooling towers, 
emergency response application and outfalls.
Bioreactor Bugs
Processing crude oil requires water, which must be cleaned to 
remove nitrates before discharge. If nitrates aren’t removed, 
they can encourage excess algae growth in rivers and streams. 
The ERI teams in Bartlesville, Oklahoma, and at Humber 
Refinery discovered that, in low-oxygen conditions, certain 
bugs break down nitrates into nitrogen gas, which is safely 
dissipated into the atmosphere. This method has helped 
our Humber Refinery, in the U.K., decrease its total 
nitrogen output by more than half, allowing the 
refinery to meet environmental requirements 
and realize additional utility cost savings 
on oxygen and fresh caustic usage.
48 million
barrels of water recycled for reuse at our facilities
32
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Water application lab 
at Ponca City Refinery
PONCA CITY, OK
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

We are committed to reducing freshwater withdrawals at our facilities. Our efforts extend to our Houston 
Headquarters, where we collect and reuse rainwater. Several of our refineries have developed processes to meet 
the facility's unique needs. Recycling water is one way we do that. Understanding the local water demand and 
the potential for water scarcity in the future are key considerations, as we prioritize projects to improve efficiency 
and decrease our environmental footprint.
PONCA CITY REFINERY
Our Ponca City Refinery reduces its freshwater usage by reclaiming water and harvesting stormwater. This 
practice has reduced freshwater needs by 2,500 GPM, or 1.3 billion gallons per year. That's a 32% reduction in  
our freshwater usage.
BORGER REFINERY
Our Borger Refinery has several ways to conserve water, 
including recovering 200 GPM of condensate for use in boilers. 
This saves 105 million gallons of freshwater each year.
LAKE CHARLES REFINERY
At our Lake Charles Refinery, we recycled 378 
million gallons in 2021. That’s a 17% reduction 
in our raw water demand. 
AT A GLANCE
Reducing Freshwater Use
33
Ponca City Refinery
PONCA CITY, OK
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY
 33

WASTE MANAGEMENT AND RECYCLING
Across all our operations in 2021, we recycled 184,000 metric tons of materials, bringing us to more than 1 million 
metric tons recycled companywide since 2014. That total includes more than 220,000 pounds of recycled 
electronic waste, refinery process catalyst captured for metals reclamation, oils and solids captured for reuse, 
and recyclable materials such as metal, glass and paper. We also achieved a 20% reduction in power usage at 
company-operated data centers.
We track every raw material used in the manufacturing process at our lubricants plants. In 2021, we recycled 950 
tons of scrap material across our portfolio, including cardboard, bottles, cans, pallets and shrink wrap.
Tanks at our refineries and terminals require periodic cleanouts, and we must dispose of the residual product in 
compliance with strict environmental laws. Phillips 66 has a systematic hazardous waste program with processes 
and practices executed by trained personnel. Each of our operating sites has environmental professionals 
whose expertise is supplemented by corporate staff. In 2021, our tank cleanout methods led to the 
generation of 1.7 million gallons of waste-derived fuel for manufacturing processes and conserved 
more than 170,000 gallons of water. 
Obsolete electronic equipment is sustainably processed through a third-party provider. When 
possible, the equipment is refurbished and used for other purposes. Other times, it's broken 
down into useable component materials. We recycled or refurbished 223,724 pounds of 
Information Technology (IT) equipment across our U.S. facilities in 2021.
Arrows of Impact
Our Arrows of Impact program is designed to reduce waste at our 
Houston Headquarters by 20% by the fourth quarter of 2022. 
Launched on America Recycles Day in 2021, the program makes recycling more 
convenient and educates employees on what and how to recycle. 
In 2021, we generated about 200 pounds of waste 
per person at our Houston Headquarters, and 
through our program, we recycled 26 metric tons  
and composted 0.55 metric tons of café waste,  
coffee grounds and napkins. 
Our recycling efforts:
• Conserved 172,848 gallons of water and  
36,632 kilowatt-hours of electricity
• Saved 468 mature trees
• Prevented 7 metric tons of CO2e GHG emissions
But we can still do better. That's 
why we implemented the following 
initiatives to achieve our Arrows of 
Impact goal: 
• Adding reusable containers in the cafeteria: 
Each reusable container can be used 1,000 
times. Using 500 reusable containers will replace 
50 months’ worth of disposable containers
• Increasing composting from the café
• Reducing the use of disposable cups
• Installing hand dryers in our restrooms
20%
reduction in power use at company-operated 
data centers
184,000
metric tons of materials recycled in 2021
34
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

AIR EMISSIONS
Over the past 10 years, we have focused on significant investments in reducing air 
emissions. Since 2012, volatile organic compound (VOC) emissions from our Refining 
business unit have decreased by 34.5%.
The air research and development program at the Phillips 66 Research Center 
collaborates with government agencies, trade organizations and academic 
institutions to provide data that leads to effective rule-making to improve air 
quality in the communities where we operate.
We also find efficient ways to use resources. For example, in July 2021, we found a 
way to allow a third party to use excess fuel gas from our Bayway Refinery during 
turnaround and nonturnaround operations. Instead of burning in process heaters and 
boilers or flaring the excess, off-gas can now be piped directly to the cogeneration 
unit. This agreement has numerous benefits, including improved fuel balance, increased 
fluid catalytic cracking and improved energy performance at the site. 
Flare Gas Recovery
At our Lake Charles Manufacturing Complex in Louisiana, the West Flare Recovery Gas 
Compressor system for Excel Paralubes was commissioned in 2021. Gas that would have 
normally been flared was instead recovered and recycled back into the refinery, resulting in less 
flaring and fewer emissions.
Flare Gas Recovery systems minimize flaring during routine operations yet allow flares when 
needed for emergency safety mitigation purposes. 
Preventing Loss With Artificial Intelligence 
When trucks enter our terminals to be filled, we need to know how 
much product we can put in each truck to prevent overflow. 
Retained product that was part of a previous delivery, but is still in a  
truck's tank, is the leading cause of spills at our truck racks. We completed 
a proof-of-concept test and are testing a permanent installation of 
a retained product detection system utilizing artificial intelligence 
and infrared cameras to spot retained product in trucks as they enter 
our Denver Terminal. Identifying when there’s product already in the 
tanker before loading is expected to reduce the number of releases 
and subsequent downtime at the truck rack. The system is targeted for 
implementation at additional sites in 2022.
Retained product detection system
DENVER, CO
  34.5% 
decrease in VOC emissions since 2012
35
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY 35
Lake Charles Manufacturing Complex
WESTLAKE, LA

BIODIVERSITY AND CONSERVATION
Our environmental stewardship goes beyond regulatory requirements and focuses on connecting conservation 
efforts to our business and managing natural capital in and around the communities where we work and market 
our products. Natural capital encompasses the supply of the world's natural resources from which economic 
value and benefits can be derived, such as forests, oceans and freshwater, and the biodiversity that supports 
these ecosystems. We believe the careful management of natural capital is a core component of a resilient, 
long-term strategy.
We collaborate with local and national environmental and conservation organizations to promote biodiversity 
and environmental stewardship and support their efforts by donating money and resources. Our employees 
and interns volunteer their time and make monetary contributions, many of which are matched by the company. 
Phillips 66 has long-standing partnerships with many national conservation organizations, including the National 
Fish and Wildlife Foundation, Ducks Unlimited, Trees For Houston and the Wildlife Habitat Council. 
We view the management of natural capital and biodiversity risks as essential. We address them throughout the 
planning and development of major capital projects by conducting environmental impact analyses, collecting 
critical environmental data, and implementing mitigation and monitoring programs to reduce impacts and 
ensure results.
Creating Green Space
The Edwardsville Children’s Museum Micro Forest project near our 
Wood River Refinery in Roxana, Illinois, is aiding the environment 
in a big way. When micro forests — small, wooded areas in urban 
settings — are planted, they can become a diverse ecosystem 
in just 20 years. This benefits biodiversity and air quality and 
slows stormwater runoff, helping prevent flooding and water 
pollution. Phillips 66 was proud to sponsor and provide 
volunteers to plant more than 100 trees in spring 2021. The 
museum hopes to have a full 2-acre forest preserve by 2033. 
The micro forest project also connects to a STEM forest 
display sponsored by the refinery inside the museum.
PROTECTING WILDLIFE IN OUR COMMUNITIES
We also make an annual contribution to a bird or wildlife rescue 
and rehabilitation organization in every region. In 2021, we 
donated to numerous groups, including:
• Tri-State Bird Rescue and Research
• The Wildlife Center of Texas
• International Bird Rescue
• Sutton Avian
• Treehouse Wildlife Center
• Wild West Wildlife Rehabilitation Center
36
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Wilson’s Plover
GRAND ISLE, LA
Edwardsville Children’s Museum Micro Forest
EDWARDSVILLE, IL
36
 PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT36
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

A Multifaceted Approach to Monarch Conservation
In 2022, we applied for a Nationwide Monarch Butterfly 
Candidate Conservation Agreement for Energy and 
Transportation Lands. This effort would enroll 11,194 
miles of our rights-of-way with an average width of 
50 feet — approximately 67,842 acres — in a project 
to protect these threatened insects. Our rights-of-
way span 243 counties in 17 states: Colorado, Idaho, 
Illinois, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, Montana, North 
Dakota, Nebraska, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, 
Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, Washington and Wyoming. 
We plan to address key threats to monarch butterflies 
with actions that promote monarch habitat and 
benefit all pollinators. These include maintenance and 
management practices such as conservation mowing, 
idle lands, woody vegetation removal, targeted 
herbicide application, and limiting broadcast herbicides 
to high-activity areas like terminals and valve sites. 
Our Houston Headquarters is a certified Monarch 
Waystation location. In collaboration with our 
landscape management company, we’re renovating  
our landscape to provide a butterfly habitat for 
monarchs and other species. Phase one of the project 
earned us status as an official Monarch Waystation  
with more than 600 milkweed plants and numerous 
host and nectar plants that sustain the entire life cycle 
of the monarch butterfly. Phase two will include even 
more plantings. 
Leaving the Lights Off for Birds
Every spring, approximately 3 billion birds migrate 
through the United States, and it is estimated that 
one-third of those pass through Texas on their 
travels. Bright lights from homes and businesses 
can disorient the birds at night. During peak 
migration, we only used essential lights at 
our headquarters overnight to support 
the Lights Out Texas initiative to help 
the birds fly safely to their summer 
nesting spots.
For more details on 
environmental data, see 
the Performance Data  
section in this report.
Building a Safe Place for Migrating Waterfowl
Phillips 66 is a sponsor of a first-of-its-kind waterfowl 
refuge being built at ZooMontana near our Billings 
Refinery. The refuge will be a natural stopping spot 
for waterfowl during migration. The exhibit will have 
observation decks, an underwater area to watch native 
fish and boardwalks so that zoo visitors can learn 
about wildlife and wetland ecology. 
Restoring the Louisiana Coastline
We teamed up with the Louisiana Coastal Conservation 
Association (CCA) and more than 100 local school 
children and other volunteers to restore marshland 
in Lake Charles’ Prien Lake Park. Volunteers created 
10 floating islands measuring 8 feet by 20 feet; each 
island was then planted with about 150 native plants. 
Afterward, CCA volunteers floated the completed 
islands to a spot in Prien Lake by boat and then 
anchored them down. Projects like this help create 
habitats for native species and restore marshland that 
has been destroyed by erosion and hurricanes. 
Phillips 66 volunteers also worked with the Coalition 
to Restore Coastal Louisiana to help build the 
Plaquemines Oyster Reef. We’re honored that our 
employees are featured in the organization’s Champion 
Our Coast 2022 Corporate Coastal Stewardship Guide.
37
Plaquemines Oyster Reef  
volunteer event at Prien Lake Park 
LAKE CHARLES, LA
ENVIRONMENT AND SAFETY 37

Governance
38
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Lake Charles Manufacturing Complex
WESTLAKE, LA
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

We are committed to doing  
the right thing, always.
39
GOVERNANCE

Good governance and ethics are an integral part of every level of our organization. 
Rigorous and consistent corporate governance practices contribute positively to our 
corporate culture and shareholder value.
Board and Managerial Oversight and Governance
Our board of directors and our Executive Leadership Team are committed to ethical business practices.
The board regularly reviews evolving corporate governance best practices, regulatory requirements and feedback 
from shareholders, making changes it believes are in the best interest of Phillips 66 and its shareholders. Directors 
also collaborate with senior leaders and stay connected to our corporate culture through regular visits to our 
facilities, where they study the company's day-to-day operations and talk to employees. 
Each of our board committees has specific responsibilities.
The Public Policy and Sustainability Committee manages the company’s sustainability program and associated 
initiatives and:
• Reviews compliance with HSE policies and impacts of environmental and social trends and uncertainties
• Reviews exposure to and management of environmental, social and political trends and risks, including climate risk
• Reviews and makes recommendations on the company's policies, programs and practices regarding HSE protection, 
government relations and political contributions, philanthropy, and sustainability matters
• Reviews the company's global reputation as a good corporate citizen in the communities where it operates
The Audit and Finance Committee monitors our enterprisewide risk management program and our controls, 
compliance and ethics. It oversees the integrity of our financial reporting and financial statements.
The Nomination and Governance Committee oversees board composition and succession planning. It is 
committed to enhancing diversity and seeking candidates with diverse backgrounds and perspectives who 
possess the collaborative spirit, character, skills, experiences and expertise required to oversee the execution of 
the company’s strategy, risk management and operational objectives.
The Human Resources and Compensation Committee determines compensation for the Executive Leadership 
Team. It oversees our human capital management strategy, including workplace culture, diversity and inclusion, 
and other talent management programs and initiatives.
The Executive Committee can exercise the powers of authority of the board to direct the business affairs of the 
company between meetings of the full board. The company and board governing documents lay out the specific 
roles and responsibilities of the board and its committees. The full charters for each committee can be found on 
the Phillips 66 Investors site.
40
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
40 PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Houston Headquarters
HOUSTON, TX
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Ethics and Governance
Written policies and auditing programs create strong governance throughout the company and our supply chain. 
Key policies and documents, including board governance documents and charters, are publicly available on our 
website. These and many other formal procedures and controls set the standards that guide our actions and 
ensure the highest levels of responsibility, integrity and legal compliance across our businesses.
ETHICS AND BUSINESS CONDUCT
Safety, honor and commitment are our values. At 
Phillips 66, we do not compromise our integrity. We 
recognize that questions can arise in today's increasingly 
complex global business environment. Therefore, we 
follow the operating guidelines in our Code of Business 
Ethics and Conduct (Code of Ethics) to ensure we tie our 
company's values to our decision-making processes.
Our company policies, programs and practices ensure ethical 
business and good governance. We expect every person who 
works at Phillips 66 — directors, officers and employees at all 
levels within the company — to work for the greater good and 
act with integrity, abiding by our Code of Ethics. All employees 
participate in biannual training on the Code of Ethics and 
must attest that they will comply with the Code annually. 
Phillips 66’s principal executive officer and senior financial 
officers are also expected to adhere to a supplemental 
Code of Ethics for the Principal Executive Officer and Senior 
Financial Officers. We conduct annual benchmarking of our 
ethics program via a third party and share those results with 
our board's Audit and Finance Committee.
The Code of Ethics covers topics including, but 
not limited to, human rights, conflicts of interest, 
discrimination, harassment, confidentiality, anti-
bribery, anti-boycott, employee grievances, insider 
trading, competition and fair dealing. It encapsulates 
the company's human rights position and prohibits 
human trafficking and forced labor, consistent with 
international norms.
We recognize and respect the dignity of all human 
beings. We believe business has a role in promoting 
respect for human rights worldwide.
We embrace the right of all people to live their lives 
free from social, political or economic discrimination 
or abuse. It oversees the integrity of financial reporting 
and financial statements. The United Nations Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights informs our Position on 
Human Rights. We don’t use corporal punishment, and 
where we provide housing for employees, we ensure 
living conditions are safe and sanitary.
SHARED VALUE
Our company contributes to the local, 
state and national economies and 
the communities in which we live and 
operate. Since 2012, Phillips 66 has paid 
approximately $10 billion in income and 
property taxes to local, state and federal 
governments, helping fund programs for 
public schools and projects like roads, 
bridges, ports and waterways.
From 2012 through the end of 2021, we 
distributed over $29 billion to shareholders 
through dividends, share repurchases and 
share exchanges. We achieved these results 
through our continued commitment to safe, 
reliable and environmentally sustainable 
operations.
Global Ethics Toll-free Help Line  
855-318-5390
~$10 billion
income and property taxes paid to local, 
state and federal governments since 2012
$29+ billion
to shareholders through dividends, share 
repurchases and share exchanges from 
2012 through the end of 2021
41
GOVERNANCE

BUSINESS PARTNER, SUPPLY CHAIN AND 
SOCIAL SUPPLIER STANDARDS
The products manufactured in our refineries and 
developed along the supply chain significantly contribute 
to local, state and national economies. In keeping with 
our core value of honor, we choose business partners 
objectively and fairly and act with honesty in all business 
dealings. We comply with laws where we do business to 
ensure our supply chain standards meet minimum wage, 
child labor, right to associate or bargain collectively, and 
working-hour requirements.
Business partners and suppliers are expected 
to comply with the contractual obligations and 
expectations in our Business Partner Principles of 
Conduct. These principles require our suppliers to  
work with our employees in a manner consistent with 
our values and our Code of Ethics. Priorities include fair 
wages, nondiscrimination, no human trafficking, anti-
bribery, cybersecurity, and upholding all health, safety 
and environmental laws.
Our procurement policy governs all our supply chain 
activities. We employ formal processes to consistently 
vet suppliers to protect people, ensure adherence to 
industry-standard frameworks for quality and monitor 
financial stability. Maintaining ongoing engagement 
with our suppliers helps ensure the continued safety, 
quality and sustainable delivery of goods and services 
to our operations. Understanding and monitoring the 
work conducted by our suppliers and business partners 
is integral to efficient and robust business operations, 
sustainability and respect for human rights. We 
audit suppliers’ manufacturing facilities and examine 
contracts within our supply chain to ensure adherence 
to policy. Our suppliers are expected to certify that the 
materials incorporated into products sold to Phillips 66 
comply with all laws, including those pertaining to 
human rights, slavery and human trafficking. We 
engage with suppliers to enhance our operating 
performance through innovative products and the 
execution of continuous improvement opportunities.
Supply Chain Sustainability
Phillips 66 seeks to do business with diverse 
businesses across all our operations, and we 
are committed to providing equal and impartial 
opportunities. This approach stimulates local 
economic development and enhances our long-
term business performance by improving supplier 
responsiveness, competition and sustainability. 
We actively participate in organizations that support the 
development of diverse businesses in the United States. 
This support includes our corporate memberships in 
the National Minority Supplier Development Council, 
the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council and 
active support of API diversity activities.
Our goals encourage the expanded utilization of 
a diverse, sustainable supply base while delivering 
quality and competitive goods and services. We piloted 
supply chain sustainability training for our employees, 
highlighting items of impact and our initiatives. We 
anticipate offering training to all employees in the 
Procurement organization by the end of 2022. 
POLITICAL AND PUBLIC POLICY PROCESS
Phillips 66 participates in the U.S. legislative and 
regulatory policy development and political process 
to serve the best interests of our shareholders, our 
workforce and other stakeholders. Our operations 
are highly regulated and are affected by actions at 
many levels of government. Our public policy activities 
include education and advocacy efforts at the local, 
state and federal levels. We are also committed to 
complying with all applicable state and federal rules on 
lobbying and disclosures.
Our Political Giving and Activity Policy governs our 
actions. It discloses political activity by the board of 
directors and management and lays out the criteria by 
which we evaluate contributions made over the past 
five years. In addition, the board’s Public Policy and 
Sustainability Committee has oversight of political risks 
and receives updates from the board throughout the year.
ADVANCING SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
We advanced our supplier diversity program 
by establishing collaborative relationships, 
developing digital tools, providing data visibility 
and establishing internal metrics for diverse 
supplier benchmarking and utilization in alignment 
with our business needs. In 2021, we developed a 
dashboard that allows business units to analyze 
their current supplier diversity landscape. We 
increased our Tier 1 and 2 supplier reporting 
program to engage with and advance our efforts. 
42
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

PHILLIPS 66 EMPLOYEE POLITICAL  
ACTION COMMITTEE
In accordance with board and company policies, 
Phillips 66 does not make direct corporate 
contributions to candidates in state and federal 
elections where prohibited. Employees can, however, 
support candidates for office through PAC66, a political 
action committee that is funded exclusively through 
voluntary contributions from eligible employees and 
members of the board of directors. It is registered with 
the Federal Election Commission, and contributions are 
reported monthly. Employees participating in PAC66 
are not reimbursed — directly or indirectly — for political 
contributions or expenses.
PAC66’s board of directors is comprised of a broad 
cross-section of company employees. The board 
approves all PAC66 disbursements, which are made 
solely in the best interest of the company and its 
shareholders, and not according to the personal 
agendas of individual directors, officers or employees. 
PAC66 contributes to state and federal political 
candidates who support responsible energy industry 
activities and other business issues of interest to 
the company.
TRADE ASSOCIATIONS
We participate in industry trade associations where we 
share technical and standards expertise and lessons 
learned from incident investigations. We also develop 
best practices and take part in public education 
efforts regarding issues of common concern to our 
industry. Our participation in trade and industry 
associations is subject to management oversight 
by our Government Affairs team, which serves as 
the principal representative in such associations 
and recommends memberships to our Executive 
Leadership Team. We regularly review 
associations and memberships to ensure that 
they continue to serve our business needs.
Phillips 66 pays regular membership dues to several 
trade associations, some of which use a portion of 
those dues for nondeductible state and federal 
lobbying and political expenditures. Following the 
U.S. Internal Revenue Code, these trade associations 
provide us with documentation of the part of our 
annual dues that is attributable to lobbying expenses. 
We disclose these contributions in our Political Giving 
and Activity Policy.
Trade associations are advocates on many issues, 
including climate change. We use our climate 
change position and principles when evaluating a 
trade association's position on specific legislation 
or regulation.
Participation in a trade association, including 
membership on its board, does not mean that the 
company agrees with every position the association 
takes on an issue. When our corporate position differs 
from that of the association, we seek to work with 
the association members to promote reasonable 
compromise on major initiatives affecting our business 
and stakeholders.
Additionally, we are active members in local Chambers 
of Commerce and other civic organizations where 
our operating assets are located. A list of these 
organizations can be found in our Political Giving 
and Activity Policy. Analysis of trade associations' 
alignment with our positions are detailed in our 
Lobbying Activities Report, available on our website.
Bayway Refinery
LINDEN, NJ
43
GOVERNANCE

Cybersecurity 
We recognize the increasing threat of cybercrimes and enforce comprehensive Corporate 
Information Security policies, standards and technical controls to protect the confidentiality, 
integrity and availability of the company's systems and information assets. 
These policies and standards, followed by all business units, align with recognized cybersecurity frameworks and 
industry best practices.
At a corporate network level, Phillips 66 applies controls and processes to actively monitor, detect, prevent and 
respond to external cybersecurity threats. Every inbound email is inspected for malicious activity. External threats 
are mitigated through external penetration testing conducted by independent third-party specialists.
For internal business-critical process control networks, specific controls are implemented to mitigate the risk of 
cybersecurity threats. These controls include, but are not limited to, the segregation of process control networks 
and systems from the Phillips 66 corporate network and external networks.
The Phillips 66 Digital Security team provides information security operational support and general cyber-
security guidance for all locations. The team is also responsible for general and specific employee awareness 
programs that promote good cybersecurity habits. A privacy program has been implemented to protect 
personal information assets.
Phillips 66 Risk Management standards require regular information security risk assessments for business units 
and projects. These assessments include internal networks and systems, as well as third-party suppliers and 
partner assessments.
We’ve also selected leading managed network service providers to deliver secure broadband network services 
with secure transaction and settlement processing for reliable and secure payments. These system elements are 
reviewed annually by third-party assessors to demonstrate ongoing compliance with the Payment Card Industry 
Data Security Standards. 
Each year, we conduct a range of IT audits across the company’s IT infrastructure, networks, systems, applications, 
operational processes and procedures to ensure compliance with our Information Security policies and 
standards. Process control network assurance audits are done on a rotating 
schedule with coverage at each facility on a cycle of no greater than 
five years.
As part of the Business Continuity Plan development, all corporate 
IT systems are assessed for business criticality with key systems 
and data included in the IT Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP). The 
DRP supports the resumption of corporate IT services related 
to essential business processes in a major unplanned event 
causing significant damage or loss to the infrastructure.
Mobile pay at Phillips 66 fuel station
44
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Beaumont Terminal
NEDERLAND, TX
45
GOVERNANCE 45

Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures Analysis
We include our TCFD analysis in our governance chapter to provide you with a look at how we are assessing  
and mitigating risks and opportunities associated with climate change.
GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT OF CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES 
At Phillips 66, risk management starts with our board of directors and its committees providing oversight of strategic 
planning. Our governance structure provides the board and executive leadership the necessary opportunities 
to exercise their oversight responsibilities concerning risks, including those related to climate change, and our 
executive leadership is responsible for the strategic and operational management of climate-related financial 
risks and opportunities.
The board and management review long-term energy outlook scenarios and leading indicators annually and 
as a consideration in business planning. The Audit and Finance Committee monitors our enterprisewide risk 
management program more frequently. It also reviews company controls, compliance and ethics.
The board’s Public Policy and Sustainability Committee considers environmental, social and political trends and 
risks to guide the company’s long-term business objectives.
OUR VISION
At Phillips 66, our commitment to providing energy and improving lives extends to every aspect of our business. 
As the global population grows, access to affordable, reliable and abundant energy is needed to drive human 
progress and the need for global action to reduce GHG emissions increases. 
We strive to increase the efficiency of our diversified operations. Our integrated portfolio provides ongoing 
opportunities to strengthen our competitiveness and maximize upside in the near term and mitigate downside 
risk longer term. Our strong balance sheet, scale, commercial acumen, leadership in research and innovation, and 
growth opportunities within our expanding lower-carbon portfolio contribute to our long-term resilience.
Technology development and deployment are needed to provide energy now and achieve energy transition 
goals consistent with the Paris Agreement. 
To test our financial resilience under multiple scenarios, we consider a range of possible long-term energy 
outlooks, and we evaluate and mitigate potential risks, including climate-related risks. We adjust our plans to 
capture new opportunities considering technology developments, policy changes and consumer energy demand. 
46 PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Los Angeles Refinery
WILMINGTON, CA
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

CLIMATE-RELATED RISKS  
Potential Short- and Medium-term Risks 
These are risks that may impact financial results. They 
include any that may materialize over the current 
annual reporting cycle and up to a five-year time frame. 
REGULATORY — EMISSIONS
Our industry is highly regulated, and we comply with 
the many local, state and federal laws that affect 
our operations, including those on air emissions. Our 
Health, Safety and Environment Management System 
(HSEMS) facilitates HSE performance and compliance 
with standards, procedures and guidelines that often 
exceed regulatory requirements and are consistently 
applied by all business units. 
We have made significant investments in environmental 
projects, including efforts to reduce emissions that focus 
on efficiency, resilience, adaptation and renewable fuels. 
For more details, see the Risk Management section of 
this report.
Although it is not possible to predict how future GHG 
emissions legislation would impact the company’s 
business, legislation or regulation that emerges over 
the medium- to long-term that imposes reporting 
obligations on, or limits emissions of GHGs from, the 
company's equipment and operations could require the 
company to incur costs.
PHYSICAL RISK — BUSINESS CONTINUITY 
The company is prepared for the possibility of extreme 
weather events that might impact our operations.  
We have developed an Emergency Response 
Management System and Crisis Management Plan based 
on risk evaluations and business impact analyses. Each 
facility has a written emergency response plan to ensure 
continuous availability, or prompt recovery, of critical 
business processes, resources and facility operations.
Potential Long-term Risks
These risks may fundamentally impact the viability 
of our long-term strategy and business model. They 
include risks that may materialize over a five- to 10- 
year time frame.
MARKET — OIL AND NATURAL GAS PRICES 
The deployment of disruptive new technologies at 
mass scale within government policy environments that 
strongly incentivize investment and innovation would 
have long-term impacts on oil and natural gas demand 
and prices.
To mitigate this risk, Phillips 66 remains committed 
to ongoing scenario analysis, responsible risk 
management, and transparency about our financial and 
portfolio resilience and how we are preparing to adapt 
for the longer term.
PLANS FOR OUR FUTURE PERFORMANCE ARE SUBJECT TO 
SOCIETAL AND POLITICAL PRESSURES 
Plans to expand or construct assets and plans for future 
performance, including our joint ventures, are subject to 
risks associated with societal and political pressures and 
other forms of opposition to the future development, 
transportation and use of carbon-based fuels. Such risks 
could adversely impact our results of operations.
CLIMATE-RELATED OPPORTUNITIES 
Providing Lower-carbon Alternatives
By 2030, our Emerging Energy organization is targeting 
$2 billion of EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, 
depreciation and amortization) contributions through 
investments that are consistent with our disciplined 
approach to capital and emphasis on returns.
We're evaluating our assets and increasing our 
supply of renewable fuels. We continue to assess 
new opportunities within our portfolios and with 
third parties. While doing so, we remain focused on 
operating reliability.
We commercialize premium coke for the world's 
lithium-ion battery anode market using petroleum coke, 
a byproduct of our refining process.
The company is also assessing longer-term technologies, 
including carbon capture, lower-carbon hydrogen 
production for multiple applications and the development 
of hydrogen fueling networks.
Investing in Technology Development
We enhance our business programs and initiatives 
with research to improve our operations and provide a 
science-based approach.
We invest in the development of lower-carbon technologies 
such as OPVs, SOFCs and next-generation batteries. 
47
GOVERNANCE 47

PRIMARY ENERGY DEMAND BY FUEL TYPE
n Biomass
n Wind/Solar
n Bioenergy
n Hydro
n Nuclear
n Natural Gas
n Oil*
n Coal
2010 2015 2019 2020 2030 2035 2040
18
16
14
12
10
8
6
4
2
0
(Billion Tons of Oil Equivalent)
Source: IEA-World Energy Outlook-October 2021 (STEPS) 
*Oil includes oil products, NGLs, biofuels
GLOBAL LIQUIDS DEMAND
Business Planning
Our business planning process utilizes several inputs to develop a range of forecasts to inform our capital allocation 
decisions and enable sustainable, resilient and profitable operations. We consider metrics for key strategic, physical 
and policy variables within our scenarios. Our decision-making processes include consideration of key climate 
policies, energy mix, energy efficiency, access to capital, tax, reputational, technological and human capital risks 
and opportunities.
As a result of our scenario planning, we invest in infrastructure to meet global energy needs. We are investing in 
heat recovery hardware, process controls and energy dashboards that enable operators and engineers to improve 
the energy efficiency of our pipelines, refineries and fractionators. We are converting our Rodeo facility in 
California to make lower-carbon fuels, and in the United Kingdom, we are expanding renewable fuels production 
at our Humber Refinery. We are evaluating potential investments in the EV battery supply chain, carbon capture 
and lower-carbon hydrogen.
SCENARIO ANALYSIS
Today, the world population is close to 8 billion, and it's expected to increase to 8.5 billion people by 2030 and 
nearly 10 billion by 2050.
The U.S. Energy Information Administration anticipates petroleum and other liquid fuels will remain the world's 
largest energy source in 2050, with renewable energy sources, including solar and wind, growing the fastest. 
The rising global population, coupled with higher standards of living, will increase pressure on Earth's natural 
resources, with implications for the energy transition. As the energy transition progresses and evolves, 
Phillips 66 will continue to adjust its strategic plans accordingly.
We assess proprietary and public long-term energy demand scenarios in our corporate strategy planning, such 
as IHS Markit, the IEA Stated Policies (STEPS), IEA Sustainable Development (SDS) and IEA Net Zero Emissions 
by 2050 scenarios. Considering this range of scenarios allows us to test our portfolio across a wide range of 
potential environments. We formulate views on potential market fundamentals, regulatory developments 
needed under various scenarios, and emerging risks and opportunities under various market conditions. We 
are then able to identify changes to our strategy in light of the results. We consider implications to our capital 
allocation, growth opportunities, potential mergers and acquisitions, and which lower-carbon investments 
to pursue.
n IHS Markit (May '22)
n OPEC (Sep '21)
n IEA STEPS (Oct '21)
n Actual
n IEA SDS (Oct '21)
2010
2015
2020
2030
2035
2040
0 10 20 30 40 50 60 70 80 90 100 110
(Million Barrels per Day)
48
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
Sources: IEA, IHS, OPEC. Copyright S&P Global 2022, IHS Markit forecast is shown  
for IHS Markit’s reference case published in the Annual Strategic Workbook, Apr, 2022

1. Mitigating physical risks 
Phillips 66 operations are affected by nature 
— droughts, floods, hurricanes, storms, heat, 
cold and earthquakes. We have substantial 
systems and processes to help us identify, 
measure, manage and mitigate risks 
associated with each of these possibilities. 
2. Forecasting policy risks 
We are subject to changing laws, regulations 
and judicial opinions; community, national and 
global preferences; and contractual obligations. 
We have developed sophisticated, multilevel, 
integrated systems to anticipate, inform, 
manage and comply with these requirements 
and expectations. For clarity, we include 
cybersecurity risks because cybersecurity can 
span policy and technology. 
3. Seeking technology opportunities 
As an energy company focused on both the present and the future, we realize the value of our in-house 
research and development center staffed with scientists and engineers. This differentiator enables us to 
create solutions to current and future physical or policy risk challenges. Our ERI team members analyze 
and develop technologies and evaluate feasibility, economics, scalability, key milestones and timing. They 
find ways to increase clean product yields and overall energy efficiency; make our operations safer, more 
reliable and more sustainable; reduce water risks and other environmental impacts; and manage changing 
regulations and expectations. The solutions we develop benefit our company, our customers and our 
communities. For more details, see the Research and Innovation section in this report. 
AT A GLANCE
Core Components of Planning and Management
Effects on Our Assets
The potential physical effects of climate change and severe weather on our operations are highly uncertain and 
depend upon the unique geographic and environmental factors present at the various sites where our businesses 
are located. We have systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks that could have an adverse 
effect on our assets and operations, including those that may be caused by climate change.
We have incurred, and will continue to incur, costs to protect our assets from physical risks and to employ 
processes to the extent available to mitigate such risks.
Many of our facilities are located near coastal areas. As a result, extreme weather and rising sea levels may 
disrupt our ability to operate these facilities or transport crude oil, refined petroleum, or petrochemical and 
plastics products. Extended periods of such disruption could negatively affect our operations. We could also 
incur substantial costs to prevent or repair damage to these facilities. Finally, depending on the severity and 
duration of any extreme weather events or climate conditions, our operations may need to be modified and 
material costs incurred, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
49
GOVERNANCE

RISK MANAGEMENT 
At Phillips 66, we use a detailed and disciplined process to identify potential risks and opportunities that could 
significantly impact our business.
Enterprise Risk Management 
Our enterprise risk management program provides a systematic approach to identifying and understanding 
significant risks, including climate-related issues, changes in energy policy, and physical or operational risks.  
Our strategic planning and scenario planning seek to manage our businesses' risks while evaluating opportunities 
to execute our strategy. 
Experts from all areas of our business units and functions — including Refining, Midstream, Commercial, 
Marketing and Specialties, Corporate Strategy, Research, Finance, Treasury, Tax, Legal, Compliance, Government 
Affairs, Community Relations and Environment, Social and Governance — are actively involved in our risk 
management program and processes. Our Risk Management team works to identify risks falling into any of 
the categories described above that could affect our overall policies and governance, strategy development, 
business units, forecasts and capital allocation decisions, among others. 
Additionally, our Risk Management team provides detailed, regular, timely and relevant information to our board 
of directors and Executive Leadership Team. This information is one of many inputs that enables our board and 
its committees to oversee and guide our company effectively.
In our program we: 
• Quantify the risks based on our assessment of the probability of each risk and the potential significance of its 
financial, reputational or other impacts 
• Assess each of these risks in light of potential mitigating strategies or factors that may be available 
• Assign values to each mitigating factor based on assessments of potential timing, costs, effectiveness and 
other features 
• Include assessments of potential GHG emissions policies and impacts 
Each of these risks has a corporate owner, creating accountability within our organization. Management directs, 
and the board oversees, the enterprise risk management program and processes.
50
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
RISKS TO OUR BUSINESS  
• Physical environmental factors, risks associated with weather or climate,  
and our efforts and ability to measure, report and control GHG emissions 
• The impact of regional or global energy accords and related forecasts of 
program impacts and costs 
• Financial variables, including the likely location, scale and duration of all tax 
regimes, including carbon taxes 
• Evolving investor opinions and initiatives 
• Community, cultural, political and public opinion factors that could influence 
where, when and how we operate and at what cost 
• Demographic, scientific, technological, reputational and human capital matters 
• Trade leakage, which can result when imported goods transfer from one 
jurisdiction to another
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Identifying, Assessing and Managing Climate-related Risks 
Climate-related risks are integrated into multiple larger risk categories because of the interconnected nature 
of these risks across multiple categories. 
We test our assumptions against CO2 cost-forecasting, energy-efficiency indices and best practices, carbon 
capture technology and cost, and renewable fuels forecasts, alongside regulatory requirements. Data on our 
GHG emissions, legal requirements regulating such emissions and the possible physical effects of climate 
change on our assets are incorporated into our planning, investment and risk management decision making. 
We account for anticipated GHG emissions when we are designing and developing facilities and projects and 
implementing energy-efficiency initiatives that also reduce GHG emissions. Regulatory certainty and economic 
viability are integral considerations. We test a variety of future scenarios that could have a material impact on 
the company and variables that may be associated with an incident. This system ensures we mitigate risk to the 
company and conduct regular gap analyses. It also enables us to position the company to benefit from energy 
efficiency, emissions reductions and other business and policy goals.
Processes for Managing Climate-related Risks 
EFFICIENT ENERGY USE
Energy expenditures can account for a significant portion of a refinery's operating expenses. We capitalize on 
opportunities to reduce these expenses, such as improvements in heat exchange or recovery, furnace controls, 
and steam optimization.
Since our inception in 2012, six of our 11 U.S. refineries have earned U.S. EPA ENERGY STAR® certifications 
for performing in the top 25% of similar facilities nationwide for energy efficiency and meeting EPA 
performance levels. 
Our headquarters building in Houston, Texas, is certified as a Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design 
Platinum facility.
Additionally, seven of our refineries have associated cogeneration units. Cogeneration uses a single fuel source 
to produce both electricity and heat simultaneously. The process helps us meet our manufacturing needs and 
converts heat that would otherwise be lost into thermal energy to power our process equipment.
Three cogeneration units — at Los Angeles and San Francisco in California and Sweeny in Texas — are owned by 
Phillips 66. Any excess power not used in our facilities is sold to the local utility market. Four other refineries — in 
the Texas Panhandle, New Jersey, Washington state and the United Kingdom — purchase some of their heat or 
electricity from third-party-owned cogeneration units adjacent to our facilities. The Sweeny cogen unit produces 
power for the refinery and CPChem petrochemical plants. During normal operations, we can export as much as 
165 megawatts of electricity to the local power grid. That’s enough to power 100,000 homes. During Winter Storm 
Uri, in 2021, we increased that output to 370 megawatts, doubling our impact. To accomplish that, we shut down 
operating units, minimizing our energy usage and maximizing our output to the community.
We have an active Energy Best Practices network of representatives from all our refineries and major corporate 
support groups, including Refining Business Improvement, ERI and IT. Members of the network meet regularly to 
share information about technology, experiences at their plants and ongoing energy conservation projects.
EFFICIENT WATER USE
Access to water, maintaining its quality and using it efficiently are critical elements in sustainable energy 
production. Therefore, our facilities have wastewater systems and oil recovery units. These units separate 
reusable water from oil streams, reducing freshwater use and improving discharged water quality. For more 
detail, see the Environmental Stewardship section in this report.
51
51GOVERNANCE

RESILIENCE AND ADAPTATION  
We maintain and test robust business continuity planning and preparedness programs and other 
initiatives. Examples include:
• Hardening assets to enhance their reliability, including our industry-leading pipeline river 
crossing program and the power substation elevation at Bayway Refinery in Linden,  
New Jersey
• Installing a state-of-the-art power distribution facility at Wood River Refinery in Roxana, Illinois, 
improving facility reliability and reducing flaring from unplanned events
• Providing comprehensive community awareness, education and outreach programs to ensure 
that everyone living or working near pipelines or facilities is aware of their existence, adopts 
safe digging practices, learns the signs of a potential pipeline leak and knows how to respond 
quickly if a problem is suspected
GHG METRICS AND TARGETS
The majority of our GHG emissions are from refining. Our goal is to improve our operational excellence, improve 
our energy efficiency and reduce our GHG emissions intensity.
We have set a goal for our refining sites to achieve top-third energy efficiency by 2030. We use a third-party 
industry manufacturing energy-efficiency index to measure our progress. In the fall of 2021, Phillips 66 became 
an ENERGY STAR Partner to reflect our commitment to improving energy efficiency.
Our refineries process a combined average of about 2 million barrels per day of crude oil into clean, affordable 
everyday energy products. Most of our Scope 1 GHG emissions are CO2, resulting from manufacturing energy 
products. Our methane and other GHG emissions are negligible. More stringent regulatory standards can require 
more processing, which takes more energy.
52
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
52 PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
Sweeny Hub Fractionator 4
OLD OCEAN, TX

*2019 GHG data has been assured by Ernst & Young LLP. To learn more, read the external assurance statement.
In 2021, we announced 2030 targets to reduce  
the GHG emissions intensity of our operations 
(Scope 1 and 2) and products (Scope 3) by 30% 
and 15%, respectively, from a 2019 baseline.* These 
medium-term targets are tied to projects currently 
underway and projects that are planned or under 
development consistent with the company’s 
disciplined approach to capital allocation and  
focus on returns. These projects:
• Improve the energy efficiency of our operations
• Grow production and blending of renewable fuels 
and lower-carbon supply chain products such as 
premium coke and lubricants
• Produce commercial-scale low-carbon-intensity 
hydrogen
• Capture carbon from our operations
• Increase renewable power sources to use in  
our operations
• Support enterprise growth and portfolio optimization
Our 2030 targets are based on many factors, 
including planned projects that may be impacted 
by future equipment turnarounds and maintenance 
periods. These periods can vary by two to five years 
and may be affected by operational, materials or 
labor availability, and market demands. As a result, 
reductions are not anticipated to be ratable year over 
year. In 2021, we advanced permitting for conversion 
of our Rodeo facility, decided to convert the Alliance 
Refinery to a terminal and progressed several other 
lower-carbon initiatives. 
In 2022, we continue to progress our planned projects 
and are on track to meet our emissions intensity 
reduction targets. For more details on GHG data, see 
the Performance Data section of this report. 
Achieving our 2050 target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 
manufacturing-related emissions intensity by 50% 
will require changes beyond Phillips 66’s sphere of 
influence and control, such as:
• Advancements enabling broad commercial 
deployment and use of lower-carbon technologies
• Global policies that fund and incentivize the 
development of a lower-carbon energy system
• Changes in consumer behavior and energy choices
• Available materials throughout the supply chain
Our commitment to sustainability is also reflected in 
changes to our employee bonus program. In 2021, 
the board’s Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee increased the weighting of environmental 
factors in our Variable Cash Incentive Program 
from 5% to 15%. In addition, we added metrics for 
advancing lower-carbon investments, optimization 
and innovation, reducing manufacturing emissions 
intensity, and setting GHG emissions-intensity 
reduction targets.
Phillips 66 recognizes the importance of credible 
disclosure to shareholders. Reputational and potential 
economic harm could result from setting emissions 
reduction targets outside our current understanding 
of feasible and economic pathways. We are 
committed to reassessing our targets in step with 
technological developments, policy changes and 
consumer energy demand trends.
 30%
reduction from 
baseline
 50%
reduction from 
baseline
2019 
Baseline
2019 
Baseline
2020 
Actual
2021 
Actual
2030 
Target
 15%
reduction from 
baseline
36.5 380 374
*Ernst & Young LLP provided limited assurance for certain 2019 GHG data
366
323
37.3 37.5
25.5
17.6
2021 
Actual
2030 
Target
2050 
Target
2020 
Actual
(Metric Tons CO2e/MBOE) (Metric Tons CO2e/MBOE)
53
53GOVERNANCE
SCOPE 1 AND 2 MANUFACTURING-RELATED  
GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY
SCOPE 3 PRODUCT-RELATED  
GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY

54
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Power Ahead marketing conference 
LAS VEGAS, NV
Stakeholder  
Engagement
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

We provide Good Energy to improve the lives 
in the communities where we live and work.
55
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Stakeholder engagement is part of our commitment to social responsibility. Our approach 
is one of mutual respect. This means respecting human rights, demonstrating our values 
through our actions and being a good neighbor.
Our stakeholders include employees, shareholders, investors, customers, communities where we operate, 
Indigenous peoples, legislators and energy consumers. They enable us to fulfill our purpose and execute our 
strategy. Reaching out and listening through open lines of communication is a priority for us.
We respect human rights by demonstrating our values through our actions and by being a good neighbor.  
We conduct our operations in compliance with all applicable laws, including environmental laws, regulations 
and policies. In alignment with the EPA's definition of environmental justice, we believe in the fair treatment 
and meaningful involvement of all people regardless of race, color, national origin or income. Our processes 
provide a proactive, measured and responsive approach to stakeholder engagement.
In this report, we are focusing on our external stakeholder engagement activities. Our Human Capital Management 
Report offers an in-depth look at the programs and policies that support our employees. It covers such topics as 
inclusion and diversity, employee programs, employee resource groups, philanthropy, compensation and benefits. 
As we progress through the energy transition, we are committed to preparing our highly skilled employees for 
evolving job opportunities. The Human Capital Management Report, linked below, expounds upon the training, 
education and skills development we offer our employees. 
We reviewed the World Benchmarking Alliance (WBA) Assessment and Methodology on just transition, and, 
while the topic and definition of just transition are evolving, Phillips 66 is directionally aligned with the WBA 
social dialogue and planning transition indicators. We will monitor and participate in the development of these 
frameworks as they pertain to our businesses. One example of our approach to just transition for employees, 
labor unions, government and communities is reflected in the Rodeo Renewed project. 
For more details on  programs and policies that support our employees, see the  
Human Capital Management Report .
Building Trust in Our Communities 
Building local capacity for resilience and preparedness is part of our commitment to our values, human rights, 
environmental protection and rapid response. We participate in community safety and preparedness programs and 
proactively support local police, fire and emergency management personnel to bolster their resources, providing 
every community where we have facilities with equipment, experience or other resources.
We maintain open communication channels with the communities surrounding our facilities and regularly 
participate in dialogue on safety concerns, feedback and grievances. This includes community awareness, 
education and listening panels, social media, and our community hotlines. Concerned citizens can call our 
Midstream community relations hotline at 832-765-3887 or 24-hour hotlines for each of our refineries. 
We cast wide nets internally and externally to identify trends and materiality issues that may be important to our 
stakeholders so that we can collect and understand essential data and perspectives. We tap into various sources 
inside and outside the sector, across countries and political views, and cover physical, policy, human capital, 
reputational risk and opportunities-related information.
We routinely acquire additional information about stakeholder interests from sources including customers, 
in-person interviews and surveys. Data comes from investors, service companies, consultants, industry bodies, 
research firms and analyst reports. We also rely on sources such as governmental databases, environmental and 
social nongovernmental organizations, global policy bodies, ratings agencies and indices, community advisory 
boards, and scorers and activists in Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) areas.
56
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

COMMUNITY AWARENESS ABOUT PIPELINES
Our Midstream operations are responsible for pipelines 
across 17 states and over 230 counties. Our pipeline 
operators have year-round community awareness, 
education and listening panels to stay in touch with 
people who are involved with and affected by our 
extensive pipeline network.
811: Call Before You Dig!
Phillips 66 operates about 12,800 miles of U.S. pipeline 
systems, and the safety of the people who live and 
work nearby is a priority. U.S. government and oil 
industry statistics show that the most common cause 
of pipeline incidents is improper or unauthorized digging. 
If someone puts a shovel or heavy machinery in the 
ground without knowing there's a pipeline buried 
beneath, they can cause serious damage.
That's why our pipeline operations business maintains an 
811 call center, and it has handled more than 1.6 million 
calls since 2012. Phillips 66 also offers specialized 
programs for farmers, ranchers, emergency officials 
and schools.
In 2020, we began collecting real-time data via the 
Phillips 66 Damage Information Reporting Tool, 
known as DIRT, and discovered a high number of 
unauthorized excavations in specific locations. 
Because of the potential danger, we launched a media 
geofencing campaign. 
TRUCKERS AGAINST 
TRAFFICKING
Phillips 66 is a platinum sponsor 
of Truckers Against Trafficking, 
an organization that educates 
truck drivers on how to spot 
potential human trafficking and 
what to do. In 2021, we launched 
computer-based training to 
teach field employees to notice 
and report the signs of potential 
human trafficking.
REACHING OUT TO OUR REFINERY COMMUNITIES
Our Refining operations have well-established Community Advisory 
Councils or Panels (CACs or CAPs) that represent a cooperative and 
empowering environment for collaboration in the community. CACs and 
CAPs include company representatives and community members who 
meet regularly. Leaders from Refining and, in some instances, Midstream 
and Lubricants operations provide feedback on performance and share 
insights on plans and activities. The Wood River CAP also serves our 
Midstream and Marketing and Specialties operations in the area. The 
Billings CAC covers the Refining and Midstream operations there. 
CACs and CAPs are also communication channels for safety issues, 
feedback and grievances. Leaders are focused on their communities 
and breaking down communication barriers, taking into account 
members' preferences to respond to community needs. Discussions 
such as these help us plan for the next five to 10 years and ensure that 
we keep our communities top of mind.
We identified and geofenced home improvement 
stores, landscapers and nurseries, heavy equipment 
sales and rental stores, planning and zoning buildings, 
and road department and public works buildings close 
to our pipelines. 
When someone entered geofenced locations, their 
phones, laptops and tablets received Phillips 66 and 811 
Call Before You Dig ads linked to stakeholder-specific 
portions of the pipeline safety website.
The program was a success. In 2021, we implemented 
geofencing campaigns near the U.S. pipelines that 
saw the most excavation activity. The campaigns 
generated over 4 million impressions, increased 
the traffic to our pipeline safety website by an 
average of 160% year over year and introduced 
more than 20,000 new users to our site. We also 
initiated additional audience-specific e-campaigns 
during Safe Digging Month, enhanced our school 
outreach programs to increase pipeline safety 
awareness and emergency preparedness, and 
shared access to our response action plans for local 
emergency responders.
We're also spreading the word with a 28-foot tall 
by 95-foot long 811 message on a highway-adjacent 
storage tank at our Pasadena Terminal in Texas 
and through our road transport subsidiary, Sentinel 
Transportation. We put 811 decals on the Sentinel 
tankers, and because the fleet travels 24 million miles 
a year, millions of people see the message.
57
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

CONNECTING WITH INDIGENOUS PEOPLES 
Phillips 66 has been working with Indigenous peoples to build meaningful relationships and honor them and 
their connection to the land in the regions where we do business. As Todd Denton, our Senior Vice President 
for Health, Safety and Environment, and Projects, said at a company forum during Native American History 
Month, "Getting diverse Indigenous perspectives is invaluable to us as a company and industry. We want Native 
American people to know Phillips 66 is engaged with the tribes and Indigenous peoples."
We work with tribal representatives when repairs or updates need to be made to pipelines or other assets on 
or near land that is important to them. For example, in the summer of 2021, Midstream leadership met with 
members of the Osage Nation to discuss replacing parts of the Cherokee East Pipeline between Ponca City 
and Glenpool, Oklahoma, which crosses native lands.
Planting the Seeds of Cultural Appreciation 
Outside the Phillips 66 Research Center in Bartlesville, 
Oklahoma, you'll find three plants intertwined in an 
example of Native American agricultural tradition — 
the Three Sisters garden. 
In spring 2021, members of our Native American 
Network Employee Resource Group planted this small 
garden of corn, beans and squash. 
This method of companion planting is called a Three 
Sisters garden because the three plants support one 
another as they grow, deterring pests and increasing 
total crop output. Group members say these crops 
are the center of Native American agriculture and 
cuisine and provide a starting point for talking about 
inclusion, diversity and cultural awareness. 
Three Sisters garden
BARTLESVILLE, OK
$30,000 
contributed by the Ferndale 
Refinery, as the title sponsor 
of the Annual Auction for the 
Lummi Nation Boys & Girls Club
Top 50
workplace for Indigenous 
STEM Professionals awarded 
by AISES Winds of Change 
Magazine
$110,000 
contributed to the American 
Indian Science and Engineering 
Society and its efforts to bring 
more Indigenous students into 
STEM studies
AT A GLANCE
Indigenous Peoples STEM Education Support
58
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Seeking Different Perspectives: A Salinan Tribal Cultural 
Resource Monitor Talks About Working With Phillips 66
Another example of working together with Indigenous peoples comes from the central coast 
of California. Phillips 66 purchased pipeline assets from another company and is now 
working to remediate the soil, which was contaminated decades ago. 
The active pipeline runs through 20 acres of a working ranch, with a rich history going back for centuries. 
That means any project on this land has the potential for significant cultural considerations. This site, in Santa 
Margarita, California, is known to have been inhabited by Native Americans, Spanish missionaries and others. 
In situations like this, when local, state or federal agencies determine that ground-disturbing work in the 
soil is required in some areas, we work with tribal representatives — often from more than one tribe — and 
archeologists so that any artifacts or remains recovered can be handled properly and respectfully. Robert Piatti, 
the Cultural Resource Monitor Lead for the Salinan Tribe of San Luis Obispo and Monterey counties, worked with 
crews on the site. He says some of the artifacts and remains found at this site could be 700 to 800 years old or 
even older. This was the first time he’d worked with Phillips 66, and, he says, what stood out to him was that 
most of the tribes with interest in the land were included in discussions, which doesn’t always happen. "We 
kept an open line of partnership from the get-go, which was really important … If [a company is] not willing 
to do what they did in this case and participate and have those conversations, and address the issues that 
happen, it can be confrontational." 
Piatti says monitoring a site where remains and cultural items are buried can be emotionally difficult, but it’s 
necessary. 
Despite the challenging nature of the situation, Piatti says he enjoyed getting to know the Phillips 66 employees 
at the site and seeing their dedication to serving the greater good and doing the right thing. He says his voice is 
one of many first-hand views that could be shared, "I appreciate the people, the care and consideration. They did 
more than they had to and I feel good about the direction forward."
It is very important that there is a participatory and genuine care given to 
stakeholders of any direction — from the Native Americans to the landowner. It 
is important that everyone have a voice.”
ROBERT PIATTI
Salinan Tribe of San Luis Obispo and Monterey counties  
Cultural Resource Monitor Lead
Getting diverse Indigenous perspectives is 
invaluable to us as a company and as an industry.
59
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 59

SOCIAL RISK ASSESSMENT PROGRAMS AND PRACTICES
We adhere to local and national laws and regulations regarding environmental, social and health assessments 
before starting operations at a new site, including pipelines. We conduct a comprehensive social risk assessment 
for new projects to understand the people and concerns along a proposed route.
We provide up-to-date information to stakeholder communities about potential impacts and environmental, 
health and safety aspects of our work. We regularly update and disseminate information through press releases, 
our website, social media, and, in some cases, door-to-door flyer distribution. We also hold public consultations 
at which we encourage dialogue and welcome feedback from our stakeholders.
We are proud to meet or exceed regulatory requirements and industry best practices for informing the public 
about our operations. Our public awareness programs have been benchmarked as top-of-industry.
MEDIA
We maintain local, national and trade media relationships as part of our commitment to communication and 
transparency with our stakeholders. We are responsive to inquiries and proactively share information with news 
outlets. In the event of an incident, we strive to ensure that community information is available within an hour.
INVESTORS AND BANKS
We proactively engage with many of our banks and investors, including socially responsible investors, to update 
them on our progress, discuss items of interest or concern, and learn about their stakeholders' topics of interest. 
Regular communication enables these stakeholder groups to fulfill commitments related to Principles for 
Responsible Investments, a voluntary set of investment principles related to integrating sustainability issues  
in investment decision-making processes.
CUSTOMERS
We know sustainability is important to our customers, and we engage with them because they are a valuable 
stakeholder. They distribute the products we make to consumers and businesses. We market petroleum products 
through wholesale and joint venture outlets under the Phillips 66, 
Conoco, 76, JET and Coop brands, primarily in the United 
States, United Kingdom, Germany, Austria and 
Switzerland — among many others.
60
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
JET branded station
LONDON, UNITED KINGDOM
7,110 
branded U.S. outlets
1,700 
branded international outlets
OUR BUSINESSES: 
TODAY AND TOMORROW
ENVIRONMENT 
AND SAFETY
GOVERNANCE STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT

Working for the Greater Good in the Community
Phillips 66 takes seriously our corporate responsibility to our employees, our communities and our environment. 
Living our core values of safety, honor and commitment, we create purposeful partnerships and work to strengthen 
economic, social and environmental resilience and sustainability in the communities where our employees live and 
work. Good Energy, our employee volunteerism program, was designed to inspire employees to connect with our 
neighbors and share our compassion, talents and hard work to improve our communities.
Our corporate philanthropy program is one way we live our values, support our stakeholders and contribute to 
the sustainability of our communities. It is based on the four key areas below. 
EDUCATION AND LITERACY
• In Montana, we provided a grant for Crow Tribe 
education to the Plenty Doors Community 
Development Corporation, a Native American-led 
nonprofit that promotes food access, supports 
cultural sharing and offers resources for small 
businesses, including technical assistance 
and education
• Phillips 66 Midstream employees donated funds 
to Tulsa Public Schools in Oklahoma through 
Elevate Our Kids, a nonprofit organization that 
supports childhood education in under-resourced 
communities 
COMMUNITY SAFETY AND PREPAREDNESS
In 2021, Hurricane Ida affected our Alliance Refinery  
in Louisiana, our Bayway Refinery in New Jersey  
and our Midstream operations. Phillips 66 contributed 
$1 million to the American Red Cross to provide 
shelter, relief supplies, food and other necessities  
to people impacted by the storm. 
ENVIRONMENT
• More than 70 employees and contractors helped 
the Bayway Refinery's Veterans Network Employee 
Resource Group beautify an amphitheater and 
internal courtyard at a retirement home for 
military veterans
• The Linden Blue Acres Floodplain Restoration 
Project, sponsored by Phillips 66, among others, 
was awarded a 2021 Land Ethics Award by 
Bowman’s Hill Wildlife Preserve
• The Lake Charles Manufacturing Complex won 
an Outstanding Community Service award from 
the Louisiana Recreation and Parks Association 
State Conference for our contributions to 
park beautification
CIVIC ENRICHMENT
• Phillips 66 employees and families participated in 
the Harrington Cancer and Health Foundation’s 24 
Hours in The Canyon mountain and road bike event 
in Palo Duro Canyon near Amarillo, Texas, to provide 
resources for cancer survivors
• The Ferndale Refinery Veterans Network raised 
funds for Brigadoon Service Dogs, which provides 
service dogs for veterans
PROVIDING RELIEF IN A FOOD DESERT
The northern part of Lake Charles, Louisiana, is what the U.S. Department of Agriculture classifies as a "food 
desert." That means people have limited access to healthy food options. To help families in need, Phillips 66 
donated funds and helped distribute 60,000 pounds of meat, produce and other food items to 400 Lake 
Charles families. 
AT A GLANCE
Social Impact
61
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT 61

Performance Data
PERSONAL & PROCESS SAFETY 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 GRI SASB
Personal Safety
Combined Total Recordable Rate (TRR)1 0.15 0.14 0.15 0.11 0.12 403-9 EM-RM-320a.1
Employee TRR 0.16 0.11 0.13 0.08 0.12
Contractor TRR 0.13 0.16 0.16 0.13 0.12
Midstream Combined TRR  0.27 0.18 0.19 0.12 0.03
Midstream Employee TRR  0.27 0.18 0.19 0.12 0.00
Midstream Contractor TRR  0.18 0.23 0.15 0.20 0.05
API EHSG Benchmark² 0.22 0.30 0.24 0.36 0.34
Refining Combined TRR  0.16 0.15 0.18 0.13 0.15
Refining Employee TRR  0.18 0.11 0.15 0.13 0.19
Refining Contractor TRR  0.15 0.17 0.20 0.14 0.12
AFPM Benchmark³  0.32 0.30 0.33 0.35
Combined Lost Workday Case Rate (LWCR)⁴ 0.04 0.05 0.03 0.02 0.04 403-9
Employee LWCR 0.05 0.05 0.05 0.03 0.06
Contractor LWCR 0.03 0.04 0.03 0.02 0.03
Midstream Combined LWCR 0.18 0.06 0.03 0.02 0.00
Midstream Employee LWCR 0.24 0.06 0.06 0.00 0.00
Midstream Contractor LWCR 0.12 0.06 0.00 0.04 0.00
Refining Combined LWCR 0.02 0.04 0.05 0.04 0.06
Refining Employee LWCR 0.03 0.03 0.06 0.06 0.09
Refining Contractor LWCR 0.02 0.04 0.04 0.02 0.03
AFPM Benchmark³ 0.08 0.08 0.08 0.16
Combined Fatalities count 1 1 0 0 0 403-9 EM-RM-320a.1
Employee Fatalities count 1 0 0 0 0
Contractor Fatalities count 0 1 0 0 0
Combined Fatality Rate⁵ 0.003 0.003 0.000 0.000 0.000
Employee Fatality Rate 0.007 0.000 0.000 0.000 0.000
Contractor Fatality Rate 0.000 0.006 0.000 0.000 0.000
Vehicle Safety
Midstream Vehicle Safety Rate⁶ 3.87 1.79 1.41 0.86 1.02
API EHSG Benchmark² 1.88 1.97 1.26 0.98 1.36
Process Safety
Combined Tier 1 & Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate⁷ 0.16 0.18 0.20 0.14 0.13 EM-RM-540a.1
Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 0.03 0.05 0.06 0.02 0.05
Midstream Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 0.09 0.24 0.08 0.02 0.08
Refining Tier 1 Process Safety Event Rate 0.02 0.02 0.06 0.02 0.05
AFPM Benchmark³  0.08 0.06 0.06 0.06
Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate⁷ 0.13 0.13 0.14 0.12 0.08
Midstream Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate 0.33 0.35 0.38 0.1 0.14
Refining Tier 2 Process Safety Event Rate 0.12 0.11 0.12 0.14 0.08
AFPM Benchmark³  0.19 0.17 0.16 0.13
62
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT62 PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GREENHOUSE GAS 8 UNIT OF MEASURE 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 GRI SASB
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1)⁹
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) - All GHGs million metric tons CO₂e 29.0 29.3 30.1 25.5 30.3 305-1
Methane % of All GHGs 0.4 0.4
Methane million metric tons CH₄ 0.003 0.004 0.005 0.004 0.005
Midstream - All GHGs million metric tons CO₂e 0.4 0.4 0.4 0.5 0.5 305-1.a EM-MD-110a.1
Methane 0.004 0.005 0.005 0.007 0.001
Downstream - All GHGs million metric tons CO₂e 28.6 28.9 29.7 25.0 29.8 EM-RM-110a.1
Methane 0.067 0.100 0.109 0.100 0.114
Indirect GHG Emissions from Imported Energy (Scope 2)10 million metric tons CO₂e
Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 2) - All GHGs 4.8 4.8 5.4 4.6 4.5 305-2a
Midstream - All GHGs 0.3 0.4 0.4 0.5 0.3
Downstream - All GHGs 4.4 4.3 5.0 4.0 4.1
Indirect GHG Emissions from Products (Scope 3)¹¹ million metric tons CO₂e
Indirect GHG Emissions (Scope 3) - All GHGs 382 313  350 305-3
Intensity -  GHG Emissions¹² metric tons CO₂e/MBOe
Scope 1 and 2 Manufacturing-Related Emissions Intensity 36.5 37.3 37.5 305-4c
Scope 3 Product-Related Emissions Intensity 380 374 366 305-4c
ENVIRONMENTAL UNIT OF MEASURE 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 GRI SASB
Events and Spills
Environmental Events¹³ count 103 112 119 75 119
Spills beyond secondary containment¹⁴ count 21 36 27 18 26 306-3 EM-MD-160a.4
Spills beyond secondary containment - volume bbls 2,936 5,598 2,754 357 5,203
Spills to land¹⁵ bbls 2,757 5,598 1,654 132 5,149
Spills to water bbls 179 0 1,100 225 55
Spill volume recovered¹⁶ % 18 22 90 94 74
Spill volume recovered bbls 523 1,222 2,479  336  3,827 EM-MD-160a.4
Midstream Spills¹⁷ count 20 19 18 7 8 306-3
Midstream spills - volume bbls 2,869 4,648 1,403 25 157
Midstream spills to land bbls 2,567 4,624 257 5 148
Midstream spills to water bbls 179 0 1,100 0 0
Midstream spill volume recovered¹⁸ bbls 417 275 1,181 17 33
Air Emissions        
Total Emissions (NOx-PM-SOx-VOC) thousand metric tons 40.8 40.6 38.3 35.5 34.5 305-7a
      NOx thousand metric tons 12.2 12.4 12.6 11.5 11.6
      PM thousand metric tons 2.9 3.2 2.7 2.3 2.5
      SOx thousand metric tons 9.5 8.7 7.8 7.5 7.3
      VOCs thousand metric tons 16.2 16.3 15.3 14.3 13.1
           Midsteam NOx thousand metric tons 0.5 0.6 0.6 0.9 0.9 EM-MD-120a.1
           Midstream PM thousand metric tons 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0 0.0
           Midstream SOx  thousand metric tons 0.1 0.1 0 0.1 0.0
           Midstream VOCs thousand metric tons 2.2 2.4 2 2.6 2.7
           Refining NOx thousand metric tons 11.7 11.8 12 10.6 10.7 EM-RM-120a.1
           Refining PM thousand metric tons 2.8 3.2 2.6 2.2 2.4
           Refining SOx thousand metric tons 9.5 8.6 7.8 7.5 7.3
           Refining VOCs thousand metric tons 12.9 12.9 12.3 10.7 10.4
63
63PERFORMANCE DATA

UNIT OF MEASURE 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 GRI SASB
Water19
Freshwater withdrawn²⁰ million bbls 1,031 1,057 1,029 759 895 303-
3.c.i EM-RM-140a.1
Freshwater withdrawn in water-stressed areas²¹ % 29 30 28 39 36 303-
3.c.i EM-RM-140a.1
Freshwater withdrawal intensity²² 1.19 1.20 1.17 1.06 1.15
Freshwater consumed²³ million bbls 330 358 318 335 400
Freshwater consumed in water-stressed areas % 46 43 37 39 37 EM-RM-140a.1
Freshwater discharged²⁴ million bbls 541 544 517 511 495 303-
4.b.i
Freshwater discharge intensity²² 0.62 0.62 0.59 0.71 0.64
Water discharge to freshwater and municipalities % 72 72 69 71 68 303-
4.b.i
Non-freshwater withdrawal used for once-through cooling 
water (OTCW)²⁵ % 93 93 96 94 95
Waste & Recycling
Hazardous waste generated²⁶   million metric tons 0.04 0.02 0.03 0.03 0.04 306-3 EM-RM-150a.1
Non-hazardous waste generated²⁶   million metric tons 0.24 306-3
Recycled Materials²⁷ thousand metric tons 175 141 159 124 184 306-
4b.ii
IT Hardware e-waste recycled²⁸ thousand lb     170 171 224
Product Specifications and Clean Fuels Blends
Purchase of Separated Renewable Identification 
Numbers (RINs) % 40 41 49 52 46 EM-RM-410a.1
Processing, Reliability, and Energy
Utilization¹⁹ % 95.1 95.2 93.7 76.2 84
Processed Inputs Refining, global million bbls 859 872 872 710 776 EM-RM-000.A
Processed Inputs Refining and NGLs, global million boe 973 807 926
Renewable Feedstocks Purchased²⁹ million bbls 2.6
Refined Petroleum Products and NGLs 
Fractionated, global million boe 1005 838 956
Total energy consumption³⁰ trillion BTUs 469 471 480 471 490 302-1e
Exported electricity³¹ billion killowatt-hours 2.5
Power consumed³² billion killowatt-hours 9.3
Energy Intensity³³ million BTU / bbl 0.5 302-3a
Pipeline
Managed Pipelines thousand miles 22 22 22
Hazardous liquids pipeline inspections completed per plan³⁴ % 100 EM-MD-540a.2
Pipelines near ecologically sensitive areas³⁵ % 12 304-1
Social36
Number of employees count 14,600 14,200 14,500 14,300 14,000
Employees - Represented by unions³⁷ % 34 35 38 37 33
Employees - Women % 22 21 21 20 20 405-1
Employees - Underrepresented minority group³⁷ % 25 26 26 27 28
Employees - Generation Z % 1 2 3 4 5
Employees - Millennials % 36 38 40 41 43
Employees - Generation X % 38 39 39 39 39
Employees - Baby Boomers % 25 21 19 16 13
Retention rate³⁸ % 97 97 97 98 96 401-1
Interns - Women³⁷  % 42 40 48 44 39
Interns - Underrepresented minority group³⁷ % 36 25 31 38 39
64 PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2021 EEO-1 DATA 37
Hispanic 
or Latino White
Black or 
African 
American
Native 
Hawaiian 
or Pacific 
Islander
Asian
American 
Indian or 
Alaskan 
Native
Two or 
more races Total
Job Categories Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Male Female
Executive/Sr. Officials & Mgrs 4 2 44 14 - 1 - - 4 1 3 1 - - 74
First/Mid Officials & Mgrs 152 26 1,281 283 76 23 3 1 58 26 32 14 10 4 1,989
Professionals 203 119 1,938 803 110 90 6 2 215 130 53 46 35 19 3,769
Technicians 8 3 96 40 7 7 - - 7 2 15 3 4 3 195
Sales Workers 8 1 116 24 3 - - - 5 2 1 - - - 160
Administrative Support 38 51 253 314 36 72 1 1 13 12 15 21 5 4 836
Craft Workers 231 6 1,255 31 81 2 16 - 20 1 33 2 17 2 1,697
Operatives 472 18 2,115 172 302 42 13 1 48 5 54 2 38 5 3,287
Laborers & Helpers - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Service Workers - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Total 1,116 226 7,098 1,681 615 237 39 5 370 179 206 89 109 37 12,007
UNIT OF MEASURE 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 GRI SASB
Philanthropy and Volunteerism
Charitable donations millions U.S. dollars 28 32 27
Employee volunteerism thousand hours 88 53 67
Schools supported³⁹ count 600 611
Financial 
Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Phillips 66 millions U.S. dollars  5,106  5,595  3,076 (3,975)  1,317 
Governance
Board Composition: Independent Directors % 91
Board Composition: Diversity (women + ethnic minorities) % 45 405-1
Board Composition: Women %  - 30 30 45 45 405-1
Board Composition: Ethnic minorities % 9 405-1
Ethics violations allegations received count  - 181 218 191 224
Ethics violations allegations investigated %  - 100 100 100 100
Anonymous/provided name %  - 44/56 38/62 40/60 35/65
Cybersecurity 
Inbound email inspected for malicious activity % 100
6565PERFORMANCE DATA
Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta
ALBUQUERQUE, NM

PERFORMANCE DATA NOTES
1 As defined by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration 
(OSHA). All rates are calculated as incidents per 200,000 work-hours.
2 American Petroleum Institute for combined rates, Environmental, 
Health, and Safety Group benchmarks for Midstream. 
3 American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers, U.S. refining 
benchmark for combined rates.
4 Also known as Lost Time Incident Rate, as defined by OSHA. All 
rates are calculated as incidents per 200,000 work-hours. Includes 
employees and contractors.
5 Calculated using the OSHA incident rate formula. Incidents per 
200,000 work-hours.
6 Number of motor vehicle incidents x 1 million miles ÷ business use 
miles driven. Business use of a company-owned, leased or rented 
vehicle includes all miles driven while on duty, including commuting 
to and from work, driving to and from a call-out location and going to 
and from lunch.
7 Tier 1 and Tier 2 Process Safety Events differ by release rate, type 
of product and impact as defined by the American Petroleum 
Institute RP-754.
8 The company reports 100% of the Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG from assets 
over which it has operational control. Operated joint ventures 
such as WRB Refining and Excel Paralubes are included on a 100% 
basis; non-operated joint ventures such as CPChem LLC and DCP 
Midstream, LLC are not included. Emissions are inclusive of carbon 
dioxide (CO₂), methane (CH₄), and nitrous oxide (N₂O). Other GHG 
emissions are not considered to be material to our operations and are 
therefore excluded. Downstream refers to operations from Refineries 
and lubricants facilities. The global warming potentials for each GHG 
are sourced from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change 
Fourth Assessment Report, Appendix A: Global Warming Potentials. 
For emissions data post-2018, absolute Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions 
are reported in accordance to the World Resources Institute/World 
Business Council for Sustainable Development’s GHG Protocol, and 
emissions intensity calculations follow the Global Reporting Initiative 
Sustainability Reporting Standards Disclosure GRI 305-4. Phillips 66 
calculates and reports emissions in accordance with the mandatory 
reporting requirements such as the U.S. EPA’s Mandatory Greenhouse 
Gas Reporting Program and EU Emissions Trading System (EU ETS). 
Regulatory frameworks may differ from the frameworks referenced in 
this report and, accordingly, agency data may vary. 
9 Scope 1 direct GHG emissions by the company, such as fuel 
combustion and fugitive emissions, including those from operated 
refineries, NGL fractionators, pipelines, terminals, lubricants facilities, 
corporate headquarters and research facilities, are calculated utilizing 
actual emissions data. If actual data was not available, emissions 
were calculated utilizing emission factors referenced in the U.S. EPA’s 
Mandatory GHGRP for all U.S. assets and the EU ETS for European 
assets. Phillips 66 does not include emissions from operated vehicles.
10 Scope 2 indirect emissions are from imported electricity and steam 
used in our operated refineries, NGL fractionators, pipelines, terminals, 
lubricants facilities, corporate headquarters and research facilities. The 
Sweeny cogeneration unit is assumed to supply all electricity to the 
Sweeny NGL Fractionator. Consistent with the market-based method 
guidance, supplier-specific emission factors were utilized where 
available. If supplier-specific emissions factors were not available, EPA 
eGRID regional emissions factors for CO₂, CH₄ and N₂O were utilized. 
Contractual instruments (e.g., renewable energy credits or renewable 
power purchase agreements) are not included in Scope 2 emissions.
11 Product-related emissions include Scope 3 emissions from products 
manufactured in operated Refining assets and NGL fractionators. 
Our products include jet fuel, gasoline, diesel, fuel oil, petroleum 
coke, NGLs and other products. The data in this report assumes 
that all fuels are 100% combusted by the end user for purposes of 
calculating Scope 3 Category 11 emissions. Non-fuels products, such 
as sulfur, are not combusted by the end user and therefore are not 
included in these Scope 3 estimates. For U.S. assets, GHG emissions 
are calculated using the EPA factors identified in Table MM-1 of 40 
CFR Part 98 as of March 2020. GHG emissions for NGL fractionators 
are calculated using the EPA factors identified in Table NN-1 of 40 
CFR Part 98 as of March 2020. All Phillips 66 NGL fractionators 
are in the United States. For European assets, GHG emissions are 
calculated using U.K. Government Conversion Factors for GHG 
emissions as of July 2020. 
12 Manufacturing-related intensity is calculated as Scope 1 and 2 metric 
tons of CO₂e divided by processed inputs. Processed inputs include 
feedstocks, primarily crude and NGLs, processed in operated global 
Refining, Excel Paralubes and NGL fractionators. Product-related 
intensity is calculated as Scope 3 from Use of Sold Products metric 
tons of CO₂e divided by total products produced. Total products 
produced include all refined petroleum products, combusted and not 
combusted by the end user, and NGLs fractionated at our operated 
assets. Products moved through pipelines and terminals are excluded.
13 Environmental events are those that result in an exceedance of the 
permit or regulatory-based numeric emissions limit, or a significant 
release of hydrocarbon or chemical. The count is of events that require 
immediate agency notifications.
14 Spills represent liquid hydrocarbons from operating assets that reach 
land or water and are >1 bbl.
15 More than 80% of 2021 spills due to 2 incidents. Lessons learned have 
been shared widely across the organization.
16 Spills beyond secondary containment; includes free product recovered; 
does not include remediated soil.
17 Midstream liquid hydrocarbon spills outside primary containment.
18 Includes free product recovered; does not include remediated soil.
19 Refining only.
20 Freshwater is defined as water that has low salinity – usually less 
than 0.1% (local legal definitions vary). The reported value includes 
freshwater used as once-through cooling water. Water recycle 
practices are prevalent within Phillips 66, and result in reduced water 
withdrawn. Examples include reuse of intermediate refinery streams 
and optimization of cooling tower and boiler systems to improve 
water use efficiency.
21 The World Resources Institute Aqueduct™ Water Risk Atlas is used to 
identify areas with high water demand or potential for water scarcity 
in the future. Sites are classified as water scarce if withdrawing and 
consuming water in locations with High (40%-80%) or Extremely 
High (>80%) Baseline Water Stress as classified by the Aqueduct™ 
Water Risk Atlas. Water use in water scarce areas is expressed as a 
percentage of the total freshwater use.
22 1000 bbls of water per 1000 bbls of processed inputs.
23 Water consumed is primarily due to evaporative losses (e.g., operation 
of cooling towers). 
24 Water that has been treated to meet National Pollutant Discharge 
Elimination System permits.
25 A minority of sites use once-through cooling towers and these sites 
operate to achieve a high percentage of non-freshwater usage.
26 Includes Refining, Midstream and Lubricant facilities.
27 Includes refinery process catalyst captured for metals reclamation, 
such as metal, glass and paper from other business units.
28 E-waste recycled includes all electronic-waste avoiding landfills by 
being refurbished or recycled.
29 Soybean oil, canola oil and corn oil, used cooking oil and tire pyrolysis oil. 
30 Total combustion energy is imported electricity, site-generated electricity 
(cogeneration plants) and imported steam for all operated assets.
31 Electricity exported to the grid and third parties from cogeneration 
plants at our refineries.
32  Power consumed is from imported electricity and site-generated 
electricity from cogeneration plants.
33 Energy Intensity ratio for operated assets. 
34 New disclosure in 2021. Data are based on inspection frequency 
requirements in 49 CFR 195.452. The plan covers 19.3% of hazardous 
liquid pipelines. Non-regulated pipelines are excluded.
35 New disclosure in 2021. Active and operated pipelines near 
ecologically sensitive areas as defined by Pipeline and Hazardous 
Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA). Pipelines may not actually 
intersect or cross sensitive areas.
36 Data represents our global workforce and includes Sentinel 
Transportation, LLC, unless otherwise noted.
37 U.S. workforce.
38 Retention rate based on voluntary resignations. 
39 Schools include primary, secondary, trade, technical and universities.
66
PHILLIPS 66  2022 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Phillips 66®, Conoco®, 76®, Kendall®, Red Line®, JET® and their respective 
logos are registered trademarks of Phillips 66 Company or a wholly owned 
subsidiary. Other names and logos mentioned herein are the trademarks of 
their respective owners. Printed or other electronic copies are uncontrolled 
and for reference only. This document may not be reproduced without the 
permission of Phillips 66.
22-0038_10  2022 © Phillips 66 Company. All rights reserved. 
Updated on August 2022.
GLOSSARY
BBL Barrel (42 U.S. gallons)
BPD Barrels per day
CO2e CO2 equivalent
M Thousand
MBOe Thousand barrels of oil equivalent
MM Million
MMBD Million barrels per day
Performance Data is available in Microsoft Excel format,  
found on the Phillips 66 Supplemental Information  site.
10 Year Anniversary display at Houston Headquarters
HOUSTON, TX

@Phillips66Co
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This document contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors 
created thereby. Words and phrases such as “is anticipated,” “is estimated,” “is expected,” “is planned,” “is scheduled,” “is targeted,” 
“believes,” “continues,” “intends,” “will,” “would,” “objectives,” “goals,” “projects,” “efforts,” “strategies” and similar expressions are used 
to identify such forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-
looking. Forward-looking statements included herein are based on management’s expectations, estimates and projections as of the 
date they are made. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and you should not unduly rely on them as they 
involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ 
materially from what is expressed or forecast in such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results or events 
to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements include: the effects of any widespread public health crisis 
and its negative impact on commercial activity and demand for refined petroleum product; the inability to timely obtain or maintain 
permits necessary for capital projects; changes to worldwide government policies relating to renewable fuels and greenhouse gas 
emissions that adversely affect programs like the renewable fuel standards program, low carbon fuel standards and tax credits for 
biofuels; the pace of technological advances advancements and industry innovation, including those focused on reducing GHG 
emissions and advancing other climate-related initiatives, and our ability to take advantage of those innovations and advancements; 
our ability to identify and execute opportunities, including through the positioning and optimization of our assets; our ability to 
efficiently and economically reduce the carbon intensity of our operations; fluctuations in NGL, crude oil, and natural gas prices, and 
petrochemical and refining margins; unexpected changes in costs for constructing, modifying or operating our facilities; unexpected 
difficulties in manufacturing, refining or transporting our products; the level and success of drilling and production volumes around 
the companies’ assets; risks and uncertainties with respect to the actions of actual or potential competitive suppliers and transporters 
of refined petroleum products, renewable fuels or specialty products; lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation 
for NGL, crude oil, natural gas, and refined products; potential liability from litigation or for remedial actions, including removal and 
reclamation obligations under environmental regulations; failure to complete construction of capital projects on time and within 
budget; the inability to comply with governmental regulations or make capital expenditures to maintain compliance; limited access 
to capital or significantly higher cost of capital related to illiquidity or uncertainty in the domestic or international financial markets; 
potential disruption of operations due to accidents, weather events, including as a result of climate change, terrorism or cyberattacks; 
general domestic and international economic and political developments; changes in governmental policies relating to NGL, crude 
oil, natural gas, refined petroleum products, or renewable fuels pricing, regulation or taxation, including exports; changes in estimates 
or projections used to assess fair value of intangible assets, goodwill and property and equipment and/or strategic decisions with 
respect to our asset portfolio that cause impairment charges; investments required, or reduced demand for products, as a result 
of environmental rules and regulations; changes in tax, environmental and other laws and regulations (including alternative energy 
mandates); the operation, financing and distribution decisions of equity affiliates we do not control; and other economic, business, 
competitive and/or regulatory factors affecting our businesses generally as set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. Phillips 66 is under no obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) to update or alter any forward-looking 
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.