Valero.com
ESG REPORT
August 2022

2 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   3
Please visit www.valero.com to learn 
more about our company. The terms 
“Valero,” “we,” “our” and “us,” when 
used herein, may refer to Valero 
Energy Corporation (NYSE: VLO), to 
one or more of our consolidated 
subsidiaries, or to all of them taken as 
a whole. The term "DGD," when used 
in this report, may refer to Diamond 
Green Diesel Holdings LLC, its wholly 
owned consolidated subsidiary, or 
both of them taken as a whole.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  3
Contents
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING  
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
A LETTER FROM  
OUR CEO
OUR BUSINESS
VALERO'S VISION, GUIDING PRINCIPLES &  
GHG EMISSIONS REDUCTION STRATEGY
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL   
& GOVERNANCE (ESG)  
INNOVATION FOR A  
LOW-CARBON FUTURE
ELECTRIC VEHICLES VS.  
LOW-CARBON FUELS
ENVIRONMENT
SAFETY
COMMUNITY
PEOPLE
GOVERNANCE
SASB REPORT
EEO-1 REPORT
NON-GAAP DISCLOSURES AND NOTES
4
6
8
10
2
12
14
16
40
56
76
96
108
110
111
ABOUT THIS DOCUMENT
Policies and Procedures
This document includes statements regarding various policies, values, standards, approaches, procedures, processes, systems, programs, initiatives, assessments, technologies, 
practices, and similar measures related to our operations and ESG and compliance systems (“Policies and Procedures”). References to Policies and Procedures in this document do 
not represent guarantees or promises about their efficacy or continued implementation, or any assurance that such Policies and Procedures will apply in every case. Such Policies and 
Procedures are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond the control of Valero and are difficult to predict, and there may be exigent circumstances, 
factors, or considerations that may cause implementation of other measures or exceptions in specific instances. Please see Forward-Looking Statements below. 
Forward-Looking Statements
This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, including, but 
not limited to, statements about our Policies and Procedures. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “should,” “strive,” “pursue,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” 
“track,” “would,” “continue,” “poised,” “focused,” “opportunity,” “scheduled,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “seek,” “could,” “may,” “will,” “targeting,” “goal,” “plan,” or other similar expressions 
that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Forward-looking statements in this document include those relating to our 2025 and 2035 GHG emissions reduction/
displacement targets, expected timing of completion of projects, future market, industry and legislative conditions, future safety performance, future operating performance and 
management of future risks. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or actions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of 
which are beyond the control of Valero and are difficult to predict including, but not limited to, the effect, impact, potential duration or other implications of the uncertainties that remain 
with respect to the Russia-Ukraine conflict, the COVID-19 pandemic, legislative or political changes, market dynamics, cyberattacks, weather events and various events arising from 
the foregoing. These statements are often based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions, including examination of historical operating 
trends and market conditions made by the management of Valero. Although Valero believes that the assumptions were reasonable when made, because assumptions are inherently 
subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control, Valero cannot give assurance that it will achieve or 
accomplish its expectations, beliefs or intentions, or that any forward-looking statements will ultimately prove to be accurate. When considering these forward-looking statements, you 
should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements contained in Valero’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including Valero’s annual report on Form 
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and other reports available on Valero’s website at www.valero.com. These risks could cause the actual results, actions and Policies and Procedures 
of Valero to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. We do not intend to update these statements unless we are required by the securities laws to do so. 
Results or metrics in this document as of any date, or for any period, ending on or prior to the date of this document are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected as 
of any date, or for any period, ending after the date of this document.
These reports and disclosures are not “soliciting material,” are not deemed filed with the SEC, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of Valero’s filings under the Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this document and irrespective of any general incorporation language therein. Furthermore, 
references to our website URLs are intended to be inactive textual references only.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  3
3
ESG REPORT
Valero employee at our 
Texas City refinery.

4 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   5
I am very proud of Team Valero and the 
work we do to advance the future of our 
company. Throughout the last year, our 
employees demonstrated resilience through 
safe and environmentally responsible 
operations for each other and our 
communities.  
In 2021, we more than doubled the 
production capacity of our renewable diesel 
facility in Louisiana, on budget and ahead 
of schedule. Right now, construction is 
underway on a new renewable diesel plant 
in Texas, with an accelerated expected 
completion in the fourth quarter of 2022. 
With startup activities expected to begin 
in late 2024, the large-scale carbon 
sequestration project with BlackRock, and 
Navigator is also progressing on schedule. 
These are great initiatives that show how 
we are leveraging our liquid-fuels platform 
and operational expertise to diversify into 
high-growth, high-return, low-carbon 
projects that further strengthen our long-
term competitive advantage as a leading 
producer of transportation fuels. These 
projects move us even closer to achieving 
our refinery greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions goals for 2025 and 2035.
But we are not stopping there. We continue 
to explore additional innovative low-carbon 
opportunities, like sustainable aviation fuel, 
cellulosic ethanol, low-carbon hydrogen 
and other initiatives to decrease emissions 
resulting from the use of our products. 
Turning to the community, last year alone 
we generated more than $62 million for 
charities that improve the lives in our 
neighboring communities. In 2021, we 
partnered with nonprofit organizations and 
funded impactful initiatives that addressed 
the needs of our neighbors. Efforts were 
focused on providing food, shelter, workforce 
training and access to health care, as well 
as preserving the environment through 
biodiversity and habitat restoration and 
protection projects. 
With more than half of the members of the 
board of directors representing diversity in 
gender, race and ethnicity, our board and 
the entire management team continue 
to drive our companywide diversity and 
inclusion efforts. We believe this is important 
to attract and retain the brightest minds, 
who we are certain will continue advancing 
the future of energy and our company.
We know tomorrow is built on actions we 
take today. We are committed to meeting 
the growing demand for reliable, affordable 
low-carbon fuels not in some distant future, 
but right now. 
We hope you enjoy learning more 
about Valero’s culture of innovation and 
unmatched execution in the next pages of 
our ESG Report. Thank you for your continued 
support and trust.
 
Joe Gorder
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
"We are leveraging our 
liquid-fuels platform and 
operational expertise to 
diversify into high-growth, 
high-return, low-carbon 
projects that further 
strengthen our long-term 
competitive advantage 
as a leading producer of 
transportation fuels." 
A LETTER 
FROM 
OUR CEO
4 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  5

6 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   7
MEXICO CITY
CANADA
UNITED
STATES
BENICIA
WILMINGTON
MCKEE
ARDMORE
THREE 
RIVERS
BILL GREEHEY
(CORPUS CHRISTI 
EAST AND WEST)
TEXAS CITY
HOUSTON
PORT ARTHUR
MERAUX
ST. CHARLES
MEMPHIS
MOUNT 
VERNON
LINDEN
BLOOMINGBURG
SAN ANTONIO
ALBION
AURORA
HARTLEY
WELCOME
ALBERT CITY
FORT DODGE
CHARLES CITY
JEAN GAULIN
(QUEBEC)
MONTREAL
LAKOTA
BLUFFTON
MEXICO
LONDONPEMBROKE
UNITED
KINGDOM
IRELAND
PERU LIMA
WHOLESALE MARKETING PRESENCE
VALERO ETHANOL PLANTS
VALERO TERMINALS
VALERO REFINERIES
BRANDED WHOLESALE PRESENCE
VALERO OFFICES
PIPELINES
PAYMENT SERVICE CENTER
DIAMOND GREEN DIESEL
(EXISTING AND UNDER CONSTRUCTION)
SUNRAY WIND
COGENERATION UNITS
PROPOSED CARBON SEQUESTRATION PIPELINE
Our Business
Three Reporting 
Segments
Refining
WORLD'S LARGEST INDEPENDENT REFINER
• 15 petroleum refineries in the U.S., Canada and the 
U.K., with 3.2 million barrels per day of high-complexity 
throughput capacity.
• 1.2 million barrels per day of ratable wholesale supply - 
more than 50% of our light-product production.
• Lowest-cost operator, producing gasoline, diesel, jet fuel 
and other specialty products, including petrochemicals 
and asphalt. 
• Executing a viable and board-approved path to reduce 
and displace refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 
100% by 2035.
Renewable Diesel
WORLD'S 2ND-LARGEST RENEWABLE DIESEL 
PRODUCER
• Renewable diesel plant adjacent to the Valero St. 
Charles Refinery and a new renewable diesel plant 
adjacent to the Valero Port Arthur Refinery (expected  
to startup in Q4 2022).
• Current annual production capacity: 700 million gallons 
of renewable diesel and 30 million gallons of renewable 
naphtha (used for renewable gasoline and renewable 
plastics). 
• Expected annual production capacity to increase in the 
fourth quarter of 2022: 1.2 billion gallons of renewable 
diesel and 50 million gallons of renewable naphtha.
• Up to 80% reduction in life cycle GHG emissions, 
compared with petroleum diesel.
• 100% compatible with existing engines and infrastructure.
Ethanol
WORLD'S 2ND-LARGEST CORN ETHANOL 
PRODUCER
• 12 ethanol plants with annual production capacity of  
1.6 billion gallons of ethanol and 4.2 million tons of 
distillers grains.
• High-octane, low-carbon fuel offers at least 30% 
reduction in GHG emissions, compared with petroleum 
gasoline.
• Developing carbon sequestration projects to further 
reduce carbon intensity.

8 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   9
Guiding Principles 
 
Safety
Safety is our foundation for success.
Environment
We are committed stewards of the environment.
Community
We will be a good neighbor by sharing our success with the communities where we live 
and work through volunteerism, charitable giving and the economic support of being a 
good employer.
Employees
We consider our employees a competitive advantage and our greatest asset. We foster 
a culture that supports diversity and inclusion, and we provide a safe, healthy and 
rewarding work environment with opportunities for growth.
Governance
We view our stakeholders as partners to whom we seek to deliver operational excellence, 
disciplined management of capital and long-term value on a foundation of strong 
governance and ethical standards.
Valero's 
Vision
We are committed to 
advancing the future 
of energy through 
innovation, ingenuity 
and unmatched 
execution.
2035 VLO 
Refinery GHG 
Emissions after 
Reductions & 
Displacements  
(Scope  
1 & 2)
100%  
Reduction
2035 GHG 
Emissions 
Displaced 
by Global 
Blending of 
and Credits 
from Low-
carbon 
Fuels
10.9
Million Metric 
Tons CO 2e
2035 GHG 
Emissions 
Displaced 
by VLO 
Ethanol 
Production
4.2
11.1
2035 GHG 
Emissions 
Displaced 
by VLO 
Renewable 
Diesel 
Production
Absolute 
Emissions 
Reduction 
through 
Efficiencies  
(Scope  
1 & 2)
2.4
VLO Refinery  
GHG  
Emissions  
in 2011  
(Scope  
1 & 2)  
32.3
Independently 
verified
2035 GHG 
Emissions 
Reduced 
by Carbon 
Capture 
and Storage
3.7
GHG Emissions Targets 
Valero’s refineries are among the most efficient 
and are expected to be resilient according to the 
benchmarking analysis conducted as part of our TCFD 
hypothetical scenario analysis. We believe that our 
assets and strategies for our petroleum-based and 
low-carbon fuels are well positioned to make Valero a 
resilient company in a lower-carbon economy.
In 2021, absolute improvements have reduced our global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
by 11.5% against our 2011 baseline (verified global refinery Scope 1 and 2 in 2021 account for 28.5 
million metric tons CO2e).
The growth of our low-carbon fuels production and blending have also displaced fossil fuels from 
less efficient refiners.  
We are on track to achieving our 2025 target, which focuses on reducing and displacing our global 
refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 63%. By 2035, we plan to increase that percentage to 100% 
through board-approved projects and carbon sequestration projects under development.
See pages 108, 109 and 111 for notes regarding this page.
2035 GHG Emissions Target

10 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   11
We often update our ESG reports and disclosures. 
The latest versions are available on our website at 
www.valero.com > Investors > ESG.
 
Upcoming ESG Disclosures
• 2022 TCFD Report with Scenario Analysis  
(IEA's Net Zero 2050).
• Value chain analysis.
• Political and lobbying activities, including  
a climate-lobbying analysis.
ESG
At Valero, we are committed to consistent and proactive 
dialogue with our stockholders, employees, neighboring 
communities, business partners, governments and other 
stakeholders. 
Environmental: 
GHG Emissions Targets*
On track to reduce and displace 100% 
of refinery Scope 1 and 2 by 2035 
with board-approved projects and 
carbon sequestration projects under 
development.
Reports*
• Third-Party Assurance of global 
refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
Emissions.
• 2021 TCFD Report 
and Scenario 
Analysis: 
Scenario analysis 
concluded that 
Valero's refining 
portfolio would be 
resilient in a low-
carbon marketplace. Our intent is 
to update this report in 2022 using 
the IEA’s Net-Zero 2050 scenario. 
• SASB Report (see pages 108 and 
109).
• CDP Questionnaire.
Low-Carbon Investments 
In 2021, more than 70% of growth 
capital was deployed to low-carbon 
projects. Low-carbon fuels displace 
fossil fuels.
Social: 
• $62 million generated in 2021 
for charitable giving to the 
communities where we live and 
work.
• Actively supporting a formal 
environmental justice policy.
• Competitive pay and benefits 
that reward innovation, ingenuity 
and excellence.
• Hiring and promoting only  
the best, while improving the 
diversity of our workforce.
• Maintaining 99%-100% pay 
equity ratios for gender and 
minority status.
• Delivering merit and bonus 
payouts, and maintaining 
comprehensive benefits amid 
the pandemic.
• Ensuring a best-in-class, 
inclusive work environment.
• Including DEI metrics in the 
strategic portion of annual bonus.
• Enhancing personal and 
professional growth and 
development opportunities to 
enable all employees to reach 
their full potential.
• Publishing EEO-1 Report* on an 
annual basis (see page 110).  
Governance: 
• Political Disclosures and Climate-Lobbying Alignment*: 
Including political disclosures and a climate-lobbying 
alignment analysis.
• Linking ESG, Climate Goals and Executive Compensation:
• Energy Transition Modifier to Performance Shares: 
Modifier added to the executive long-term incentive 
program tying pay with our GHG emissions reduction 
target for 2025 and the deployment of growth capital to 
low-carbon projects.
• ESG Component of Annual Bonus: In addition to HSE 
performance metrics, ESG efforts and improvements are 
also part of the annual bonus program.
• Board Diversity and Refreshment: 60% of our independent 
directors represent diversity of either gender or race/ethnicity. 
• Diversity for Board Nominee and Executive Officer Searches: 
Outside searches include diverse candidates for executive 
officers and board nominees. 
• Cybersecurity and Incident Evaluation and Updates: Senior 
management delivers prompt and transparent update reports 
to the Audit Committee on matters respecting cybersecurity 
and IT risks. 
• Corporate Policies: Adopted several new or updated 
corporate policies, including a new Conduct Guidelines 
for Business Partners. 
• Enhanced Training and Communications: Valero’s 
compliance program includes mandatory training for all 
employees on our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, 
a comprehensive compliance communications program and 
an ethics helpline and interactive website for online reporting.
• Carbon Sequestration: Large-scale CCS pipeline 
system in the U.S. Midwest to store carbon dioxide 
from eight of our 
ethanol plants. This 
project is expected 
to further reduce the 
carbon intensity of 
ethanol and increase 
its value. 
• Renewable Diesel: Current annual production 
capacity of 700 million gallons of renewable diesel 
and 30 million gallons of renewable naphtha (used 
for renewable gasoline and renewable plastics). A 
new renewable diesel plant is expected to start up  
in Q4 2022, increasing total annual capacity to  
1.2 billion gallons of renewable diesel and 50 million 
gallons of renewable naphtha. 
• Producing and Advancing:
- Low-carbon hydrogen. 
- Renewable propane. 
- Renewable naphtha. 
- Renewable arctic diesel. 
- Fiber cellulosic ethanol. 
- Sustainable aviation fuel (under development).
MORE THAN 
$4.65 BILLION
INVESTED TO DATE IN 
OUR LOW-CARBON FUELS 
BUSINESS
LOW-CARBON PROJECTS  
ARE HELD TO A MINIMUM
AFTER-TAX IRR 
THRESHOLD,
JUST LIKE OTHER PROJECTS.
*These reports are produced annually.*These reports are produced annually.See page 111 for notes regarding this page and for non-GAAP disclosures.

12 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   13
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF)
The IEA Net Zero 20501 scenario forecasts that 50% of 
fuels used in aviation will be low emissions by 2040. 
Therefore, net zero goals in the aviation industry are 
dependent upon large-scale projects. At Valero, we 
believe that low-carbon aviation fuels will be part of 
the energy mix. 
1 International Energy Agency (2021), Net Zero by 2050. A Roadmap for the Global Energy Sector, IEA, Paris. 
Low-carbon 
Hydrogen
Hydrogen is important in refinery 
operations as it is used to lower the 
sulfur content of fuels. Low-carbon 
hydrogen has become a critical technology in the various 
decarbonization pathways. In part due to the acceleration 
of renewable energy and carbon sequestration, studies 
around scalability of this technology show how quickly the 
industry is moving to reach parity with current technologies. 
Valero intends to use low-carbon hydrogen, produced from 
renewable propane, to reduce the amount of fossil-fuel-
derived hydrogen used in renewable diesel production. 
At our Corpus Christi refinery, we use renewable natural 
gas from municipal solid waste to produce low-carbon 
transportation fuels. We expect to process nearly 1 trillion 
BTUs of renewable natural gas in 2022 and nearly 3.7 trillion 
BTUs of renewable natural gas in 2023. These resulting 
low-carbon transportation fuels are valued at a premium 
and are exported to Europe to meet certain GHG emission 
reduction goals.
Renewable 
Naphtha
Renewable 
naphtha is already 
produced at 
Valero’s renewable diesel plants. 
Renewable naphtha is a gasoline 
blending component that lowers the 
carbon intensity of gasoline. It can also 
be used in plastic production, resulting 
in low-carbon plastics. Renewable 
naphtha can also be used in the 
production of low-carbon hydrogen.  
Valero is supporting Southwest Research Institute (SwRI) in the 
development of a solid filtration membrane to remove CO2 from the 
exhaust tailpipe of internal combustion engine vehicles. The objective 
of this revolutionary technology is to reduce CO2 emissions in the 
atmosphere with an affordable solution that lowers life cycle GHG 
emissions.
In concept, applying this technology to vehicles running on low-carbon 
fuels would result in net negative life cycle carbon emissions, exceeding 
the performance of any competing technology (including EVs and 
hydrogen fuel cells).  
Over the last decade Valero has become a leading manufacturer of low-carbon fuels, which 
offer lower GHG emissions. In the next decade, we will focus on bringing creative and innovative 
approaches to the decarbonization of transportation fuels. The following technological advances are 
examples of innovation that we are developing or evaluating:
Innovation for a 
Low-carbon Future
At Valero, we believe that liquid fuels are the 
affordable solution to reduce transportation GHG 
emissions in a reliable manner. Fuels are essential 
to drive progress and create long-term value for our 
stockholders while helping to realize a more viable 
trajectory for the global economy.
We are evaluating the engineering capability 
to add SAF production to the new renewable 
diesel facility in Port Arthur.
Alcohol-to-jet (ATJ) is another low-carbon pathway to produce SAF. In this process alcohols are 
converted to SAF using catalytic steps similar to those used in existing petroleum refining processes. 
Our large network of low-carbon ethanol plants and our leading refining expertise provide us with an 
advantage in the potential development of this product. 
Large-scale SAF production could also be a demand driver for low-carbon hydrogen, carbon capture 
and renewable power projects.
SUSTAINABLE 
AVIATION FUEL
LOW-CARBON 
HYDROGEN
RENEWABLE 
PROPANE
RENEWABLE 
NAPHTHA
FIBER 
CELLULOSIC 
ETHANOL
TAILPIPE CO2  
ON BOARD 
CAPTURE
CARBON 
CAPTURE AND 
STORAGE
Preliminary 
testing of this 
system passively 
removes more than 
90%  
of the expected  
CO2 emissions 
of the vehicle. 
Tailpipe CO2 Onboard Capture System
RENEWABLE 
DIESEL

14 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   15
FEEDSTOCK PRODUCTION  
AND TRANSPORTATION
FUEL PRODUCTION  
AND DISTRIBUTION
USE OF THE  
FINISHED FUEL
AG & FORESTRY SECTOR
RENEWABLE FUEL
FACILITY
TRANSPORTATION
FUEL
Chemical InputsEnergy Inputs
Material Inputs
Process Energy Use
Electric Vehicles (EVs) Are Not Zero-Emission Vehicles. Renewable Diesel: an 
affordable solution to reduce 
GHG emissions right now.
• Life cycle analysis captures feedstock 
production and transportation, fuel production 
and distribution and use of the finished product.
See page 111 for notes regarding this page.
MINING/
EXTRACTION
COBALT & RARE 
EARTH PROCESSING
MANUFACTURING
EVS
POWER 
GENERATION
Significant Issues and Emissions From EV Life Cycle
See page 111 for notes regarding this page.
U.S. Heavy-Duty Long-Haul Vehicle 
Life Cycle Emissions
2021 Southwest Research Institute Study
• Renewable diesel is a drop-in fuel, which 
means that it is 100% compatible with 
existing infrastructure and diesel engines, 
from light- to heavy-duty long-haul 
vehicles. This makes renewable diesel a 
viable solution to immediately reduce 
transportation GHG emissions without 
requiring a costly, time-intensive and CO2-
emitting infrastructure build-out as with EVs. 
• Our renewable diesel is typically made 
of waste materials and manufactured in 
jurisdictions with strict environmental, labor 
and governance regulations. 
• Unlike with EVs, owners of vehicles running 
on renewable diesel do not incur a high up-
front cost to replace their current vehicles, 
nor the expenses related to charging and 
other new infrastructure needed to support 
an EV. 
• As detailed on the right, a vehicle running 
on renewable diesel can significantly cut life 
cycle GHG emissions compared with an EV.
Battery Electric Vehicle
Diesel Engine with Renewable Diesel
Embedded Emissions  
(zero miles traveled)
1,600
1,400
1,200
1,000
800
600
400
200
0
500,000 Miles 
Traveled
1,000,000 Miles 
Traveled
57% fewer emissions 
than an EV after 1,000,000 
miles traveled 
Tons CO2
Tomorrow is built on 
actions taken today. We 
are committed to meeting 
the growing demand  
for reliable, affordable  
low-carbon fuels.  
Embedded CO2 Emissions
(zero miles traveled)
Car Fueled by 
Gasoline
Battery Electric 
Vehicle
2x higher 
emissions 
from mining 
raw materials 
to fabrication 
to delivery
10
8
6
4
2
Tons CO2
12
EVs' embedded 
emissions do 
not include 
metal mining, 
processing 
and battery 
manufacturing. 
Life cycle GHG 
emissions analysis 
represents the 
emissions from cradle 
to grave.
1 International Energy Agency (2021), The Role of Critical Minerals in Clean Energy Transitions, IEA, Paris. All rights reserved. 
2 International Energy Agency (2022), Global EV Outlook 2022, IEA, Paris. All rights reserved.
• An EV is not “zero emissions,” as the electricity that 
powers an EV is often generated by fossil fuels. 
• The infrastructure build-out necessary to support 
an increase in EVs will be costly, time-intensive and 
fossil-fuel dependent, thus emitting a large amount 
of CO2 itself. 
• According to the IEA’s The Role of Critical Minerals 
in Clean Energy Transitions, minerals necessary for 
EVs are not produced domestically, and the world 
does not have the mineral resource capacity to 
meet the demand increase of technologies such as 
EV batteries.1
• According to the IEA's Global 
EV Outlook 2022, significant EV 
battery metal price increases 
reflect concerns of tightening 
supply and availability. It also 
features China's dominance on 
the entire global downstream 
EV battery supply chain.2
• Before EVs leave the showroom, EVs have already 
generated 12 tons of CO2 emissions vs. 6 tons of CO2 
emissions from cars fueled by gasoline

16 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   17
ENVIRONMENT
16
We are committed to 
the sustainable use and 
management of natural 
resources. 
Our team works in a responsible manner, including 
reducing, reusing, recycling and repurposing 
practices to minimize waste. 
Multi-billion-dollar capital investments are made 
to maintain our responsible operations along with 
improvement in personnel safety, process safety 
and reliability, which support our environmental 
performance.
Governance and 
Oversight by the  
Board of Directors 
The board of directors established a new standing 
committee, the Sustainability and Public Policy 
Committee, to further enhance the board’s oversight 
structure and efforts with respect to: 
• ESG. 
• Sustainability and climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
• Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) matters.
• Corporate responsibility and reputation 
management.
• Social, community and public policy initiatives. 
• Political and lobbying activities. 
• Compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements for the operations of the company.
The committee includes the chairs of each of the 
other board committees and the lead director of the 
board, which ensures ESG and public policy topics 
permeate all board discussions. These directors bring 
the appropriate mix of backgrounds, knowledge and 
skills needed to facilitate oversight of broad ranging 
and complex ESG risks and opportunities. 
Valero volunteers from our Memphis refinery 
plant trees at one of the many Earth Day 
events held across our company.

18 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   19
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
2021 
Highlights
1 Performance measures include environmental scorecard incidents, including flaring, spills and wastewater incidents.
On track to achieve 
63% global refinery 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions reduction/
displacement target 
by 2025.
On track to achieve 
100% global refinery 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions reduction/
displacement target 
by 2035.
2021 was our best 
year for employee 
and process safety 
performance and one 
of the lowest numbers 
of environmental 
scorecard events.1 
Production capacity 
of renewable diesel is 
expected to increase 
to 1,170  million gallons 
per year with the 
startup of another 
plant in Q4 2022.
2 The LCFS verification program, under CARB oversight, provides confidence and reliability in reported data. 
Verification services are performed by qualified and trained third-party verifiers.
Low-Carbon Fuels and Projects
We continue to lead our industry through innovation and unmatched 
execution. 
We have invested more than $4.65 billion in our low-carbon fuels businesses and expect to 
invest approximately $500 million to complete the construction of another renewable diesel 
plant adjacent to our refinery in Port Arthur, Texas. 
More than 70% of our 2021 growth capital was allocated to low-carbon projects. Our low-
carbon projects compete with refining projects for growth capital and have met or exceeded 
our after-tax internal rate of return (IRR) threshold. 
Our low-carbon fuels help governments around the world meet their GHG emissions reduction 
targets as established in low-carbon fuel policies and stricter fuel efficiency standards, while 
also providing excellent financial returns to our stockholders. 
California’s Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS) is one of the programs designed to accomplish GHG 
emissions reductions by decreasing the carbon intensity (CI) of transportation fuels. Under this 
program, each fuel is assigned a CI value, which represents the life cycle GHG emissions associated 
with feedstock sourcing, including feedstock type, origin and transportation, fuel production and 
distribution, and the use of the fuel. CIs are determined using a California Air Resources Board (CARB)-
developed GHG emissions model, and fuel pathway CIs are certified2 by CARB after producers submit 
operational data to demonstrate the life cycle GHG emissions. 
RENEWABLE 
DIESEL
ETHANOL SUSTAINABLE 
AVIATION FUEL
LOW-CARBON 
HYDROGEN
RENEWABLE 
PROPANE
RENEWABLE 
NAPHTHA
RENEWABLE 
ARCTIC 
DIESEL
FIBER 
CELLULOSIC 
ETHANOL
See page 111 for notes regarding this page 
and for non-GAAP disclosures.
CARBON 
CAPTURE AND 
STORAGE

20 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   21
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Appetites That Fuel Our Low-Carbon Fuels
Keeping food waste out of landfills while delivering low-carbon intensity 
renewable diesel needed to keep our economy moving. 
Wendy’sTM, Chick-fil-ATM and WingStopTM are part of the 150,000 
restaurants, supermarket chains, casinos and theme parks nationwide 
providing used cooking oil to our joint venture member for conversion 
into renewable diesel, much of which is processed at our plants. 
Ethanol
Our ethanol business began in 2009 
and includes 12 plants, located in the 
Mid-Continent region of the U.S., with 
a combined production capacity of 1.6 
billion gallons per year. 
Our plants are dry mill facilities that 
process corn to produce ethanol and 
co-products, such as dry distillers grains 
(DDGs) and syrup for livestock feed and 
inedible corn oil. 
• World’s second-largest producer: 
1.6 billion gallons per year. 
• Low-carbon fuel: high-octane 
renewable fuel that lowers life cycle 
GHG emissions by at least 30%, 
compared with gasoline.
• Large-scale carbon sequestration: 
with startup activities to begin in 
late 2024, we expect to reduce 
almost 3 million metric tons of 
CO2 per year and increase the 
value of this ethanol in low-carbon 
marketplaces. 
• Cellulosic ethanol, a second 
generation fuel: enzymes that 
convert fiber into fuel, further 
reducing the CI to high 20s and 
increasing ethanol value in low-
carbon marketplaces.
• Ethanol co-product - DDG: when 
blended with animal feed, DDG 
makes for a protein-rich meal, which 
can help strengthen the immune 
systems of cattle and other livestock.
Our goal is to continue 
decreasing the carbon intensity 
of low-carbon transportation 
fuels to increase the value of the 
product and contribute to more 
GHG emissions reductions. 
To that end, we are looking for ways to decrease 
the emissions in the life cycle as well as to convert 
waste such as fiber into valuable fuels. 
Adjacent to our Port Arthur refinery in Texas, 
a new renewable diesel plant will bring new 
jobs, opportunities and low-carbon fuels.
Renewable Diesel
• World’s second-largest 
producer - growing capacity 
to meet demand: current 
production of 700 million 
gallons of renewable diesel 
and 30 million gallons of 
renewable naphtha per year. 
New plant expected to startup 
in Q4 2022 adjacent to our 
refinery in Port Arthur, Texas, 
will increase capacity to 1.2 
billion gallons of renewable 
diesel and 50 million gallons of 
renewable naphtha per year.
• Circular economy and 
second-generation fuel: 
primarily produced from used 
cooking oil, animal fats and 
inedible corn oil.
• Low-carbon fuel: life cycle 
GHG emissions up to 80% lower 
than traditional diesel. 
• Drop-in fuel: 100% compatible 
with existing infrastructure and 
engines, from light- to heavy-
duty long-haul vehicles.
• Margin advantage: our 
production maintains a margin 
advantage over peers, as it 
has the capacity to process 
100% waste feedstocks.
Renewable diesel 
offers up to
80%
3
lower life cycle 
GHG emissions, 
compared with 
traditional diesel.
3 Low-carbon fuel markets such as the LCFS in the State of California (where our product is sold) verify and certify the 
carbon intensity of renewable diesel for comparison against a petroleum-based benchmark. This verified comparison 
of carbon intensity sets the value of the product and allows us to calculate GHG emissions reductions when diesel is 
displaced by renewable diesel. Similar programs are in place or being deployed by other states in the U.S. as well as 
other governments, including Canada and Europe. 
"When you combine cellulosic ethanol and carbon 
sequestration, ethanol sold to low-carbon markets could 
offer much lower GHG emissions than EVs. The carbon 
intensity of such ethanol could be in the single digits."
- Eric Honeyman,  
Vice President - Renewables Operations and Low Carbon Fuels
Ethanol 
has at least 
30%
4
 
 lower life cycle 
GHG emissions, 
compared with 
petroleum 
gasoline.
4 The carbon intensity of our ethanol can be further reduced to single digits with carbon sequestration and fiber ethanol production.

22 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   23
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Life Cycle GHG Emissions of Renewable Fuels
Large-Scale Carbon 
Capture and Storage5 
to Further Reduce  
the Carbon Intensity 
of Ethanol
Under Development
Map is indicative only. 
Exact pipeline route 
subject to change.
5 Working with BlackRock Global Energy & Power Infrastructure Fund III and Navigator Energy Services.
FEEDSTOCK PRODUCTION  
AND TRANSPORTATION
FUEL PRODUCTION  
AND DISTRIBUTION
USE OF THE  
FINISHED FUEL
AG & FORESTRY SECTOR
RENEWABLE FUEL
FACILITY
TRANSPORTATION
F UEL
Chemical InputsEnergy Inputs
Material Inputs
Process Energy Use
SEQUESTRATION 
SITE
PROPOSED 
PIPELINE
VALERO ETHANOL 
PLANT
ILLINOIS
IOWA
NEBRASKA
MINNESOTA
SOUTH 
DAKOTA
WELCOME
LAKOTA
HARTLEY
AURORA
ALBION
ALBERT 
CITY FORT 
DODGE
CHARLES 
CITY
CO2 CAPTURE
Separation of CO2 at  
our ethanol plants
CO2 STORAGE
CO2 is injected into an underground 
formation for safe, secure and 
permanent storage
CO2 TRANSPORT
Once separated, the CO2 is 
dehydrated and compressed, 
then transported via pipelines
With startup activities expected to begin in late 2024, Valero’s 
goal is to be the anchor shipper, with eight of its ethanol plants 
connected to the 1,300-mile carbon capture pipeline across five 
U.S. Midwest states. Additionally, we are evaluating stand-alone 
carbon capture and sequestration projects for several of our 
other ethanol plants located near suitable geology. 
Life cycle GHG emissions 
of low-carbon fuels are 
expressed in carbon intensity 
and represent a cradle-to-
grave analysis, including 
feedstock production 
and transportation, fuel 
production and distribution, 
and use of the finished fuel. 
Verification of low-carbon fuels and their 
carbon intensity is conducted by low-
carbon fuels programs. 
In the case of the State of California, a methodology is in place 
to verify and certify carbon intensity for low-carbon fuels to 
compare them against a petroleum-based fuel benchmark. Fuels 
with lower CI scores compared with the benchmark generate 
greater numbers of LCFS credits and command higher market 
values compared with petroleum-based fuels. Similar programs 
are being deployed by other states in the U.S. as well as other 
governments, including Canada and certain countries in Europe.
Capturing and removing high-concentration CO2 streams 
produced in the fermentation process at eight of our 
ethanol plants have the potential to further reduce the 
carbon intensity of ethanol by more than 40% and make 
ethanol more valuable in low-carbon fuel markets.

24 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   25
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Our Commitment to Excellence Management System (CTEMS) is a 
proprietary systematic approach to planning, executing, checking, 
and acting to improve everyday work activities at many of our 
refineries and plants. CTEMS has 10 elements: leadership  
accountability, protecting people and the environment, 
people and skills  development, operations reliability 
and mechanical integrity, technical excellence and 
knowledge management, change management, 
business competitiveness, stakeholder relationships, 
assurance and review, and continual improvement. Risks 
related to regulatory issues and physical threats to our 
refineries and plants are among those assessed as we 
implement CTEMS.
Environmental Excellence and Risk Assessment (EERA) 
elevates the environmental audit and compliance functions 
to an environmental excellence vision. Its main goal is to assess 
the design and effectiveness of environmental performance regarding 
specific excellence objectives, and to facilitate continuous improvement across the company. 
EERA defines more than 100 expectations and involves a proprietary five-step process using due 
diligence on data and field assessments reviewed by a combination of external and internal 
subject matter experts. 
Our Fuels Regulatory Assurance Program provides operational safeguards, software, training, 
and protocols for uniformity across our refineries and plants to reinforce our compliance 
with applicable fuels regulations. Building on the success of this system, we are developing a 
proprietary Low-Carbon Assurance Program designed to provide tools and oversight to assure 
compliance with the increasingly complex array of low-carbon fuels programs. 
1
2
3
Our Approach to Environmental Management Environmental Management
We have well-developed management structures central to decision-
making and risk management, including three programs that oversee our 
environmental management:
EERA Process
LEADERSHIP
ACCOUNTABILITY 
PROTECTING
PEOPLE &
ENVIRONMENT 
PEOPLE
& SKILLS
DEVELOPMENT
OPERATIONS
RELIABILITY &
MECHANICAL
INTEGRITY
TECHNICAL
EXCELLENCE
& KNOWLEDGE
MANAGEMENT
CHANGE
MANAGEMENT
BUSINESS
COMPETITIVENESS
STAKEHOLDER
RELATIONSHIPS
ASSURANCE
& REVIEW
CONTINUAL
IMPROVEMENT
CTEMS ELEMENTS
PLANACT
CHECK
DO
IMPLEMENTATION
PROCESS
CTEMS ELEMENTS
On-Site: 
Self-assessment 
is conducted by 
refinery leadership. 
Each refinery 
compares itself to 
rating criteria. 
Records: 
Third-party and in-
house subject matter 
experts conduct an 
extensive deep-dive 
review of refinery 
environmental data 
and reports. 
Technology: 
Technical field 
assessment is 
conducted using 
industry standards 
and advanced 
technology to evaluate 
effectiveness in 
controlling emissions. 
Inspection: 
Results from the 
technology review 
and due-diligence 
process are used by 
a team of experts in 
a substantive on-
site inspection and 
cultural assessment. 
Implementation: 
Final gap assessment 
report is produced 
by experts and 
leadership team 
with mitigation 
pathway and scoring 
improvement actions.
24
1 MILLION
METRIC TONS PER YEAR CAPTURED IS 
EQUIVALENT TO THE ANNUAL ENERGY 
CONSUMED BY MORE THAN
125,000
AMERICAN HOMES6
More Than 1 Million 
Metric Tons of CO2 
Captured Each Year
In 2013, our refinery in  
Port Arthur, Texas, became 
the first industrial site in the 
U.S. to sucessfully host a 
large-scale carbon capture 
project, and it remains the 
only U.S. refinery doing so, 
with more than 1 million tons 
captured each year. 
Two steam methane reformer 
units, owned by a provider 
that produces hydrogen from 
natural gas for the refinery, 
were retrofitted to capture 
the carbon dioxide generated 
from hydrogen production.
Responsibility: refinery staff dedicated to 
environmental excellence and risk mitigation.
Risk Assessment: formal risk assessments 
documented, implemented and maintained at 
sites, including hazard identification, risk evaluation, 
analysis and mitigation.
Compliance: assurance with legal requirements, 
communicating and monitoring changing 
regulations.
Objectives and Continuous Improvement: 
progress on environmental management, including 
strategic planning, goals and objectives, is reviewed 
at least annually.
Record Keeping: ensure documents are identified, 
managed and maintained. 
Training: ensure all employees are skilled, 
trained and competent to perform duties in an 
environmentally responsible manner.
Monitoring and Communication: 
operations and activities measured and 
monitored, assessing the implementation 
and effectiveness of operational controls, 
and tracking and evaluating environmental 
performance.
Audits and Assessments: internal and 
independent audits and verifications are 
conducted to identify the adequacy and 
effectiveness of environmental controls, 
regulatory compliance and excellence vision. 
6 Source: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator.

26 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   27
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
FLARE-GAS RECOVERY SYSTEMS 
RESULTED IN MORE THAN 96% 
FLARING-FREE OPERATIONS IN 2021  
More than 79% of Valero’s large process flares are 
equipped with flare-gas recovery systems. These 
systems reduce flaring and air pollution, and recover 
fuel gases, which are used to fire heaters and boilers, 
reducing natural gas consumption.
REPURPOSING OF MATERIAL 
RECOVERED FROM TANK 
CLEANING
Recovered material is inserted back into the 
refining process to create fuels and other 
products. Alternatively, the recovered material 
is also used to fuel third-party facilities, 
avoiding landfill waste.
SULFUR REMOVAL 
Sulfur obtained from the refinery process unit is 
removed for a variety of beneficial uses, including 
crop fertilizer, polymers and pharmaceuticals.
MARINE VAPOR RECOVERY UNITS
At certain refineries, captured vapors generated 
when loading vessels with gasoline and other 
light products are routed back to the refinery for 
reprocessing.  
FUEL FROM OIL WASTE
Our unique refinery complexity allows for 
residual oils processing. Recovered usable 
oil and oily solids are reprocessed into high-
value fuel and byproducts through refining 
processes, including “coker injection,” avoiding 
the generation and disposal of wastes. 
RECYCLING EXHAUST GASES TO REDUCE 
ENERGY CONSUMPTION
Installed at six of our refineries, expanders are designed to 
convert kinetic energy into electricity by reusing exhaust 
gases to spin turbines.
WASTEWATER  
MANAGEMENT
Process water and stormwater are 
managed at wastewater treatment plants. 
We use naturally occurring bacteria to 
digest oil and treat wastewater streams 
to purify the water before returning to the 
ecosystem.
WATER RECYCLING
With innovative approaches, we use each 
gallon of water more than 17 times prior to 
evaporation or return to the environment.
ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
INITIATIVES
We are focused on improving process 
monitoring and control systems to reduce 
energy consumption, which in turn reduces 
costs and carbon emissions.
HEAT TRANSFER
Heat integration technology is used in our 
refineries to pair high temperature streams that 
require cooling with lower temperature streams 
that require heating to facilitate heat transfer and 
reduce energy consumption.
Reducing, Reusing, 
Recycling and 
Repurposing
For Valero, being the 
most efficient and 
reliable operator in 
a highly competitive 
industry means being 
a better environmental 
performer.
Our operations are 
looking for ways to 
continue reducing 
emissions and waste, 
reusing energy and 
byproducts, recycling 
materials and 
repurposing wastes.

28 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   29
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Hazardous Waste 
Management 
Program
We focus on reducing the 
generation of solid wastes across 
all of our operations. Reducing 
at the source, reusing, recycling, 
and repurposing of materials are 
key components of our waste 
reduction program, which also 
includes regular waste reviews, 
risk assessments, waste stream 
prioritization and training.
Waste Management 
Innovation
Since 2010, we have increased 
our waste disposal efficiency 
by using the Roberoller tankers. 
This eliminated the need of 
approximately 5,700 over-the-road 
truck trips, disposal of 11,400 HDPE 
liners, and avoided the use of more 
than 2.2 million gallons of water 
that would have been used to wash 
out containers.
Spill Prevention
Valero is focused on reducing 
spills from its manufacturing and 
processing facilities, pipelines and 
vessels. We protect our people 
and the environment through 
operational excellence and 
technology, always with the goal of 
zero spills.
The environmental scorecard 
incidents metric of the all-
employee bonus is weighted to the 
intensity of environmental incidents 
with greater impact for more 
significant events, including the 
severity of spills.
2021 Highlights
1.9 MILLION
GALLONS OF WASTE REPURPOSED 
AS FUEL AT THIRD-PARTY FACILITIES, 
DISPLACING THE EQUIVALENT OF 
MORE THAN 6,500 TONS OF COAL 
AND PREVENTING MORE THAN 27,000 
TONS OF CO2
96%
OF ALL REFINERY EXEMPTED AND 
HAZARDOUS WASTES WERE RECYCLED7
55%
OF ALL HAZARDOUS WASTE WAS 
RECYCLED, INCLUDING 26.5 MILLION 
POUNDS OF CATALYST
7 Refers to exempted hazardous waste as per regulatory classifications and per footnote EM-RM-150a.1 on page 109.
Leveraging 
Technologies 
to Reduce 
Emissions
Real-time air 
readouts allow our 
refineries to protect 
the surrounding 
communities and 
take early response 
and mitigation 
actions even on 
small emissions 
sources.
Furthering our commitment 
as a responsible operator and 
supplementing our existing 
monitoring programs, we are 
utilizing the Duvas DV3000, a real-
time mobile air quality monitoring 
surveying system, for air quality 
screenings. 
The vehicle-mounted DV3000 is a 
gas analyzer that uses ultraviolet 
spectroscopy to identify and 
qualify up to 14 different gases, 
including benzene, SOx and NOx, 
at low part-per-billion levels. 
With an analyzer response time as 
short as one second, the DV3000 
combines measurements with 
geographic mapping of gas 
concentrations, and enables rapid 
detection and source location of 
air emissions during monitoring. 
Anemometer: 
measures wind 
direction to locate 
the source of 
emissions
Air sampler
Valero refineries use 
optical gas imaging 
technology to detect 
VOC emissions and 
for routine equipment 
leak monitoring. 
DV3000 Mobile Air Quality Monitor
In 2021, Valero 
undertook air 
quality screenings 
in our fence-line 
communities and 
verified all levels were 
under the applicable 
environmental 
standards. 
Watch a video about 
the DV3000 mobile air 
quality monitor.

30 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   31
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Consideration of Biodiversity Impacts
Valero’s growth capital projects can require thorough evaluation of potential 
biodiversity impacts as part of their planning, approval and implementation phases.
When necessary in the pre-construction or planning phase of projects, Valero’s 
environmental team works closely with the engineering and commercial 
departments to perform environmental due diligence.
The following natural and cultural resource considerations are part of the 
evaluation process:
• Locations of surface waters and wetlands. 
• Threatened and endangered species habitats. 
• Previously recorded archaeological sites, historic structures and areas of 
tribal interest or significance. 
• Existing developed areas versus undeveloped greenfield sites. 
• Public lands, including parks, nature preserves and wildlife conservation 
areas. 
• Federal Emergency Management Agency floodplains. 
• Surface water intakes.
We perform environmental field studies to verify and delineate natural 
resources within proposed project areas. For significant greenfield projects 
where alternative locations are considered, the most viable locations are 
surveyed. This data further drives project decisions on avoidance of sensitive 
features and habitats and informs site selection.
In the construction phase, for site preparation and other related soil-disturbing 
activities, we initiate stormwater management controls to reduce impacts 
to lakes, rivers, streams and other surface waters. These controls consist of a 
variety of best management practices integrated into our Stormwater Pollution 
Prevention Plans, which comply with federal, state and local stormwater 
pollution control requirements, including planning, temporary and permanent 
sedimentation and erosion control measures, stream- and wetland-crossing 
procedures, inspections and general good housekeeping practices. 
During major construction and where warranted, we also provide applicable 
training on threatened and endangered species awareness and identification, 
stop-work protocols and reporting. To protect ecosystems from unintended 
releases of materials, we implement comprehensive pollution prevention and 
incident response programs.
1
2
3
Biodiversity and 
Conservation
At Valero, we promote biodiversity 
and protect wildlife habitat through a 
number of proactive measures. 
We engage in diverse ecological projects with local, 
state and federal regulatory agencies, as well as 
with neighbors and indigenous communities. 
Our campaigns promoting wildlife conservation and 
biodiversity enhancement include working together 
with local and regional organizations that provide 
a variety of environmental services ranging from 
the protection of endangered species, restoration 
of wetlands and reforestation to rehabilitation 
of former industrial sites, and promoting 
environmental awareness through educational 
programs.
Monarch butterfly way station planting near our 
Ardmore refinery.
Valero became a member of the Wildlife Habitat Council, a nonprofit dedicated to 
enhancing and restoring wildlife habitat by promoting investments in sustainability 
efforts, increasing employee involvement and engagement with communities.

32 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   33
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Our staff biologist tracks ecological and conservation projects 
conducted by our plants and Valero volunteers and also identifies 
new projects, including collaborations with environmental nonprofits 
and nature-based carbon capture opportunities.
Biodiversity and Habitat Conservation
Valero volunteers from our 
Ardmore refinery collaborated with 
a local Boy Scout troop to create a 
monarch butterfly way station, a 
habitat with more than 400 plants, 
to provide the milkweed, nectar and 
ideal environment for monarchs to 
thrive. 
This project received an Honorable Mention from the Frank 
Condon Award for Environmental Excellence.
Valero volunteers at our operations 
in Peru created a green area 
for the Márquez community that 
will contribute to the growth and 
protection of the environment 
while providing outdoor spaces for 
families.
For more than 20 years, Valero has partnered with the  
San Antonio Botanical Garden to promote the enjoyment 
of a diverse array of plant life and flowers. In 2021, Valero 
supported the Terrarium Tours program. This STEM-focused, 
nature-based educational program allowed nearly 5,000  
San Antonio students from economically disadvantaged 
schools to explore diverse plant ecosystems, receive 
environmental education and create their own terrarium to  
take home. 
Wildlife and Plant Protection
Our Meraux refinery created a 
15,000-square-foot wildflower 
sanctuary in a nearby property 
to provide a habitat consisting of 
native-flowering plants for a variety 
of pollinators, including honey bees, 
butterflies and hummingbirds. 
Valero works with indigenous tribes to preserve sites 
with biodiverse, historical, cultural and spiritual 
significance. 
As part of the Diamond Pipeline project in Oklahoma 
and Arkansas, 23 indigenous communities were 
contacted to participate in the permitting process. After 
a consultation process, tribes identified locations of 
significant interest along the 440-mile route.
Valero supports Blooming with Birdie's 
Caterpillar Condos for Classrooms 
program, which provides an 
environmentally focused educational 
experience  
to more than 60 
San Antonio public 
schools and libraries 
with an emphasis 
on economically 
disadvantaged 
schools. Teachers 
are provided 
with mesh cages, 
milkweed plants and two caterpillars, 
accompanied by virtual lessons that 
align with the metamorphosis of the 
monarch butterfly. 
Valero’s Welcome ethanol plant in 
Minnesota partnered with its local 
soil and water district and with the 
nonprofit Pheasants Forever to create 
a 3-acre wildlife habitat to attract 
multiple pollinators. 
Valero committed $500,000 to the 
Texas State Aquarium for a new Center 
for Wildlife Rescue, slated to open in 
2022, with a new Valero veterinary 
lab where visitors can witness the 
rehabilitation of rescued animals, 
such as shorebirds, marine mammals 
and sea turtles.
As part of the construction of a 
cogeneration unit at our refinery in 
Pembroke, an abandoned residence 
was converted into habitat for 
local populations of bats relocated 
because of the new unit. The bat 
house has attracted a number of bats.

34 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   35
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Land and Shoreline Restoration
Valero volunteers from the Houston and Texas City refineries 
partnered with the Galveston Bay Foundation to plant 140 
trees and restore part of an oyster reef, which help to 
reestablish coastal habitat, reduce erosion, prevent hurricane 
storm surges and aid in carbon capture. 
The Kemah reforestation tree-planting event was held on 
the foundation’s new property, which will eventually house its 
future headquarters, the Gessner Center. The center will act as 
a gathering place for the community and will educate adults 
and students about Galveston Bay, conservation and the 
importance of water.
Approximately 7,500 pounds of oyster shells were collected 
from local restaurants, bundled into sacks, and placed along 
the Galveston Bay shoreline to restore 38 feet of oyster reef. 
Oyster reefs help filter water and prevent storm surges, provide 
a nursery for oyster larvae and other marine animals, and allow 
sediment to settle along the shoreline, helping to restore coastal 
habitats.
Valero donated $1 million to the 
Memphis River Parks Partnership 
in support of planting more than 
1,000 trees at the newly redesigned 
Tom Lee Park, which will provide a 
community gathering place with 
educational, fitness and recreational 
opportunities. Valero volunteers from 
our Memphis refinery assisted with 
the tree planting.
Valero volunteers at our Pembroke 
refinery planted over 500 trees on 
company-owned land in an effort 
to “re-wild,” or restore and protect, 
natural areas through the planting 
of native broadleaf woodland, which 
also promotes nature-based carbon 
storage. 
Wetlands Restoration
The St. Charles refinery continued its longstanding 
partnership with the Pontchartrain Conservancy with 
a $1 million contribution to fund a five-year plan for 
wetland restoration. Over the course of this project, 
28,000 tree saplings will be planted across 140 acres. 
Once mature, these trees are estimated to capture 
more than 100,000 tons of carbon dioxide annually. 
Valero volunteers are invited to participate in planting 
events twice a year, and approximately 400 local 
students will engage in coastal restoration efforts.
The Benicia refinery captures clean sediment 
dredged from its dock area to raise the elevation 
of nearby subsided wetlands, which helps protect 
and recover wildlife and plant species. Dredging is 
performed annually to maintain adequate depth 
for ships to berth safely at the docks. Valero began 
donating clean dredged sediment to the Montezuma 
Wetlands Restoration Project in 2012 and as of January 
2022, it has reclaimed 550 acres of wetland from the 
tides, and early signs of species colonization, including 
fish, birds and elk, have been recorded.
VALERO HAS DONATED NEARLY 
260,000
CUBIC YARDS OF CLEAN DREDGED 
MATERIAL, EQUIVALENT TO ROUGHLY 
12.5 MILLION
50-POUND BAGS OF SAND.
Valero is collaborating 
with BCarbon, a nonprofit, 
nature-based carbon 
dioxide capture and 
storage registry, to 
develop a 1,000 mile 
living shoreline project 
in the Texas Gulf Coast, 
consisting of oyster reef 
breakwater systems. 
These natural bank 
barriers help to restore 
shoreline habitat, reduce 
erosion, improve water 
quality and enhance fish 
and wildlife habitat. 
Protecting the wetlands of the Texas 
coast also protects endangered 
and threatened species such as the 
whooping crane.

36 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   37
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Energy Efficiency
Many of our refineries use power from renewable sources either from local 
power grids or from our own projects. 
We produce some of our own power, from wind or from recycling gases (such as steam and exhaust) 
within our refining processes. Roughly 24% of our total refinery energy consumption originates from 
renewable sources.
Hydropower: More than 99% of the electricity used at our Quebec City refinery comes from renewable 
sources – mainly hydropower, with small portions from wind, biomass and biogas. 
Wind generation: Adjacent to our McKee refinery in the Texas Panhandle, our windfarm was 
completed in 2009 at an investment of more than $80 million, and includes 33 wind turbines with 50 
megawatts of electricity capacity, which roughly matches the electricity requirements of the refinery.
Cogeneration Plants: Fueled by natural gas, our cogeneration plants reduce 
our reliance on local power grids, which are often less environmentally 
friendly and more costly. Cogeneration is a highly efficient way of producing 
electricity and thermal energy or steam, with the steam recycled back into 
the refining process for other uses. Valero has cogeneration systems at 
refineries in Wilmington, Benicia, Port Arthur and Pembroke. 
Expanders: At six of our refineries, we have installed “expanders” on 
processing units that generate power from exhaust gases. We have the 
world’s largest expander at our Corpus Christi West refinery. In all, our 
expanders are designed with the capacity to annually displace more than 
600,000 tons of carbon dioxide that otherwise would be generated by 
conventional power plants.
Heat Transfer: Our refineries utilize heat integration technology to improve 
energy efficiency and reduce energy-related operating expenses. Heat 
exchangers enable the transfer of thermal energy from high temperature 
process streams to lower temperature streams, decreasing natural gas or refinery fuel gas needs for 
heating and lowering utilities requirements for cooling. 
Fuel Cell: At our Benicia refinery in California, a low-carbon and grid-independent five-megawatt 
fuel cell is under development, which is expected to power the asphalt and wastewater plants. A fuel 
cell is a very efficient and reliable way of producing power, while allowing the grid to be used by other 
community energy needs. 
COMBINED, OUR COGENERATION SYSTEMS AND 
EXPANDERS ARE DESIGNED TO OFFSET
330 MEGAWATTS
OF ELECTRICITY ANNUALLY, ENOUGH TO POWER THE 
HOMES OF A CITY THE SIZE OF SAN FRANCISCO*
*U.S. Census Bureau. Population estimates as of July 1, 2019
Environmental Metrics
GLOBAL REFINERYa 2018 2019 2020 2021
GHG Emissions Scope 1a 25.4 24.8 23.0 23.7
GHG Emissions Scope 2a 5.0 4.7 4.5 4.9
NOxb 9,000 8,700 7,900 8,400
SOxb 7,700 8,800 7,600 7,600
PM10
b 2,300 2,200 2,200 2,600
VOCsb 10,300 7,700 7,500 7,500
Fresh Water withdrawnc 165.8 164.1 164.6 175.0
Oil spilled to land (>1 bbl)d 25 14 21 28
Oil spilled to water (>1 bbl)d 4 3 4 0
a Million metric tons CO2e. 
Independently verified. 
Scope 1 is defined as the 
direct GHG emissions from 
our 15 refineries. Scope 
2 (market-based) is the 
indirect GHG emissions from 
purchased electricity and 
purchased steam used by 
our 15 refineries. For more 
information, see note EM-
RM-110a.1 regarding GHG 
emissions on page 109.  
b Metric Tons. 
c Million m3. 
d Count of oil spill events to 
land or water of more than 
one barrel.
See page 111 for details on 
data verification.
Cogeneration unit at our 
Wilmington refinery, which 
reduces our reliance on the 
local power grid and increases 
energy efficiency.
See page 111 for details on Valero's Net Scope 3 Intensity and the peer group.
In the chart to the right, you will find 
a calculation of Valero’s Net Scope 3 
Intensity in kg CO2e per barrel. Scope 3 is 
largely a duplication of what is already 
being reported by others in our supply 
chain in their Scope 1 or 2. We recognize 
that Scope 3 is riddled with duplication 
in substance and methodology and 
offers limited value; however, some of our 
stakeholders have asked for us to provide 
disclosure for purposes of evaluating 
relative peer performance in terms of GHG 
emissions from the use of the products we 
manufacture. As expected from the leader 
in refining efficiency and in the production 
of low-carbon fuels, the estimated GHG 
emissions from the use of our collective 
products are industry leading lows.
2021 Global Refinery 
Net Scope 3 Intensity
250
266 kg CO2e/bbl
kg CO2e/bbl
Peer Range
375

38 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   39
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Water Management
Water management is a critical 
component of our business, 
and we continue to work with 
stakeholders to improve 
our performance, while also 
reducing consumption, by:
• Taking a risk-based approach to water 
management and integrating water 
strategy and water security into our long-
term planning and business processes. 
• Engaging with local governments, 
industry associations, suppliers and 
regulatory agencies to develop innovative 
solutions in water management and 
conservation in water-stressed areas. 
• Assessing and managing regional water 
risks through updated sustainability 
assessments. 
• Complying with water management laws 
and regulations. 
• Protecting existing water resources 
through sound water management 
policies.
• Recycling and reusing water to improve 
efficiency. 
Most of our water consumption takes place in 
our refining operations. 
Based on the World Resources Institute’s 
(WRI) Water Risk Atlas tool, Aqueduct, we 
determined that only two of our 15 refineries 
are located in regions with high baseline 
water stress. 
Reduction and mitigation initiatives 
include the evaluation of reused municipal 
wastewater for cooling tower purposes and 
acquisition of secured water rights.
Water scarcity can be a risk not only to 
communities but to the refining process. 
Water is needed for cooling and also in 
the form of steam for heating. In addition, 
water plays an important role in processing 
feedstocks. 
At Valero, we take innovative 
approaches and leverage advanced 
technology to minimize use and 
eliminate waste. 
In 2021, we recycled more than 17 times 
the amount of fresh water we withdrew to 
support our refinery operations, primarily 
through the recirculation of water in high-
efficiency cooling towers.
9 Source: Water Footprint Calculator.
Our water-risk-based approach is integrated into our 
operational and long-term planning to mitigate and 
reduce water risks. 
We have taken several steps we believe are necessary 
to secure our operations in conditions of water scarcity. 
• At our Wilmington refinery, we have secured 
treated municipal wastewater to supplement 
our cooling tower makeup water. Upon project 
completion, we expect to save up to 420 million 
gallons of potable water per year. That is roughly 
the annual amount consumed by 9,000 U.S. 
households.9
• Our Three Rivers refinery sends treated 
wastewater for irrigation use for hay 
production. 
• Our Corpus Christi refineries pay into a 
broad industry fund that provides water-
supply security and supports research and 
plans for the construction of a desalination 
facility to serve industrial users. 
• Our Texas City refinery has an option 
agreement to purchase treated 
wastewater from the city and is evaluating 
a project to reuse this water source in the 
refinery.
• Our Welcome ethanol plant was one of the 
industry’s first operators to achieve “zero 
discharge” of wastewater by recovering 
and recycling process water and 
stormwater. 
• Process water and stormwater are treated 
as necessary before discharging or reusing. 
Our wastewater treatment plants are 
generally comparable to those operated by 
most cities.

40 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   41
Safety is our foundation 
for success.
Valero is dedicated to safety. We strive to make 
sure our employees and contractors go home 
safely and to meet our fence-line communities' 
expectations. 
A decrease in the number of employee and 
process safety events reduces unplanned 
shutdowns and increases the operational 
reliability of our plants. This, in turn, translates 
into a safer workplace with fewer environmental 
incidents and stronger community relations. 
We strive to improve safety and reliability 
performance by making it an integral part of our 
culture and offering year-round training for 
our employees and contractors. To bolster our 
safety performance, we conduct safety audits, 
quality assurance visits and comprehensive risk 
assessments at our facilities. 
2021 set new records for  
safety performance. 
Our efforts to make continuous improvements 
resulted in 2021 being our best year ever for 
safety performance. Refinery employee annual 
total recordable incident rate (TRIR) was a record 
low of 0.21 incidents per 200,000 working hours, 
while the refinery Tier 1 process safety event rate 
was its lowest ever at 0.05 events per 200,000 
working hours. 
In 2021, we spent approximately $1.8 billion in 
capital to grow and sustain our operations 
as part of our commitment to investments in 
safety, preventive equipment maintenance, 
environmental mitigation and reliability.
SAFETY
40
See page 111 for notes regarding this page and for 
non-GAAP disclosures.
Reliability engineer at 
the Valero Meraux 
Refinery responsible 
for maintaining the 
mechanical integrity  
of our assets.

SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
42 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   43
2021 Safety Highlights
FOUR manufacturing facilities received Elite 
Gold or Elite Silver Awards for safety excellence 
from American Fuel and Petrochemical 
Manufacturers (AFPM), the industry’s major trade 
association:
• One Elite Gold Award to St. Charles refinery 
for performance in the top five percentile of 
industry safety, demonstrating superior and 
consistent safety performance, innovation 
and leadership.
• Three Elite Silver Awards to Wilmington 
Asphalt Plant and Texas City and  
Three Rivers refineries for performance in 
the top 10 percentile of industry safety.
ONE refinery - Three Rivers - received the 
Innovation Award from AFPM, given to sites 
that implemented unique and innovative 
programs to effectively improve occupational 
or process safety performance. The refinery 
implemented an energy isolation lock-out device 
for testing alkylation unit fire monitors and vapor 
suppression systems. 
TEN manufacturing facilities - Wilmington 
Asphalt Plant and Ardmore, Benicia, Corpus 
Christi (two plants), Three Rivers, Texas City, St. 
Charles, Wilmington and Houston refineries - 
received Safety Achievement Awards from AFPM 
for meeting strict safety screening criteria.
TOP PERFORMER refinery -  
St. Charles - received the 2021 Valero Chairman’s 
Safety Award after finishing the year with the best 
safety performance of all our refineries.
THREE refineries - St. Charles, Houston  
and Wilmington - with ZERO employee 
recordable injuries.
FOUR refineries - Ardmore, McKee, Quebec 
and Texas City - with ZERO contractor recordable 
injuries.
ELEVEN ethanol plants with ZERO 
employee recordable injuries. 
TWELVE ethanol plants with ZERO 
contractor recordable injuries.
TWENTY consecutive years of Voluntary 
Protection Program (VPP) Star Site status for 
Texas City refinery. VPP is the U.S. Department 
of Labor Occupational Safety and Health 
Administration (OSHA)’s highest plant-safety 
designation. 
2021 
was a record year for 
safety performance.
Since its introduction in 2020, Valero has received 
FOUR out of 12 AFPM Innovation Awards.
To achieve VPP Star Site status, plants must 
demonstrate that enhanced safety systems 
have been implemented and embraced in a 
collaborative way by site leaders and employees. 
Sites are reassessed by OSHA every three to five 
years in order to maintain their VPP status.
ELEVEN ethanol plants had ZERO Tier 1 
process safety events. 
TEN refineries with fewer Tier 2 process safety 
events in 2021 than in 2020.
NINE refineries are approved as OSHA VPP 
Star Sites, the most of any refiner.
TWO international refineries - Pembroke and 
Quebec - are approved as Valero VPP Star Sites.
EIGHT refineries - Quebec, Ardmore, Texas 
City, Corpus Christi (two plants), Wilmington, 
Benicia and Pembroke - with ZERO Tier 1 process 
safety events.
LOWEST three-year average Tier 1 
process safety event rate achieved in 2021.
72% reduction in our Tier 1 process safety 
event rate since the industry began tracking the 
metric in 2010.

SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
44 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   45
Safety Metrics
GLOBAL REFINING 2018 2019 2020 2021
Personnel Safety Employee (TRIR)1 0.40 0.25 0.35 0.21
Personnel Safety Contractor (TRIR)1 0.32 0.39 0.15 0.26
Fatality Rate Employee2 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Fatality Rate Contractor2 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.01
Process Safety Event Rate - Tier 13 0.07 0.05  0.06 0.05
Process Safety Event Rate - Tier 23 0.31 0.17 0.17 0.15
1 Recordable injuries per 200,000 working hours.
2 Per 200,000 working hours.
3 Global refining Tier 1 process safety event (PSE) rate and Tier 2 PSE rate as defined within API Recommended 
Practice 754.
Valero Refineries vs. Other Sectors
(Injuries recorded per 200,000 working hours)
SOURCES: U.S. Bureau of Labor 
Statistics, Valero; Industry figures 
are for 2020; Valero refinery 
figure, 2021.
Framing
Contractors
Manufacturing
Electric Power  
Generation
Petroleum Refineries
Travel Arrangement 
Services
Valero Refinery  
Employees
6.8
3.1
1.5
0.5
0.4
0.21
Construction 2.5
Forestry and
Logging 2.4
0.3Finance and 
Insurance
Hospitals 7.6
Refinery Employee Personnel Safety
(Recordable injuries per 200,000 working hours)
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
0.62
Industry
1.10
0.50
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)
Refining Industry Employees 
(U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics)
2021 0.21
Valero Industry

SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
46 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   47
Process Safety and 
Mechanical Availability
Process Safety
Keeping employees and communities 
safe is a top priority. Our process 
safety and reliability programs provide 
safeguards for ensuring our equipment 
is correctly designed, regularly 
maintained and safely operated. 
In addition to capital investments 
in reliability, our industry-leading 
technical assessments are core to 
our commitment to excellence. These 
comprehensive programs, developed 
more than 10 years ago, promote 
consistent and best-in-class process 
safety and reliability expectations 
across our refining operations. From 
2008 to 2018, Valero’s mechanical 
availability has improved from third 
quartile to industry-leading first 
quartile, and we continue to focus on 
maintaining our processing units as 
highly reliable. Our Tier 1 and Tier 2 
Process Safety Event (PSE) three-year 
average rates have also set new records 
each year, as we continually focus 
on reducing process safety incident 
severity and frequency. 
2021 
set new records for 
safety performance.
2021 Process Safety 
Event (PSE) Rates
Tier 22
0.05
Tier 11
0.08
0.15 0.18
Valero Industry
We take a systematic, collaborative and thorough approach to required process 
safety incident investigations to ensure learnings are captured and shared across the 
organization. Our objective is to understand the root cause, as well as any human factors 
that contributed to an incident. Communication of our investigation findings is key to the 
prevention of similar incidents. 
Process safety is not an outcome or a status achieved; it is a Valero core value with 
an objective of continuous improvement to support our operational excellence goals. 
Maintaining safe, stable and reliable operations and ensuring efficiency and consistency 
in how we work are imperative for Valero to continue its industry-leading performance 
across maintenance and personnel indices and non-energy operating expense. 
1 Tier 1 process safety event - 
Losses of primary containment 
of greatest consequence, 
causing harm to a member of 
the workforce, costly damage 
to equipment or exceeding 
defined quantities. 
2 Tier 2 process safety event - 
Losses of primary containment 
of lesser consequence than 
Tier 1. Tier 1 PSE rate and Tier 2 
PSE rate as defined by the API 
Recommended Practice 754.

SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
48 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   49
1ST
2ND
3RD
4TH
Improvement in 
Mechanical Availability
Industry Benchmark 
Quartiles
2018
2008
Mechanical Availability
In 2021, we achieved 97.2% mechanical 
availability, continuing our strong performance 
in avoiding unplanned downtime, minimizing 
environmental events and successfully 
executing planned and unplanned refinery 
maintenance in a timely manner. Highly reliable 
refinery operations are essential to curbing 
environmental incidents and improving safety. 
Our capital investments in reliability, along 
with our program of comprehensive reliability 
assessments and proprietary management 
systems, have also contributed to consistent 
process safety performance excellence. 
We also achieved a record low refinery  
Tier 1 Process Safety Event rate of 0.05 events 
per 200,000 working hours in 2021. The Tier 1 
process safety rate is the American Petroleum 
Institute’s measure of recordable safety incidents 
occurring in conjunction with a loss of process 
containment.
Industry benchmarking and Valero’s performance 
statistics from Solomon Associates and Valero.
2018 is the most reliable industry data set, as the results 
of Solomon’s 2020 Fuels Study were impacted by 
COVID-19-related demand destruction.
Valero’s U.S. refining system performance compared to individual peer refinery quartile performance. 
Industry benchmarking and Valero’s performance statistics from Solomon Associates and Valero.
2018 is the most reliable industry data set, as the results of Solomon’s 2020 Fuels Study were impacted 
by COVID-19-related demand destruction.
1ST
2ND
3RD
4TH
Improvement in 
Personnel Index1
Improvement in 
Maintenance Index2
Industry Benchmark Quartiles
2018
2008
1 Personnel index represents annual total company staff and contractor work hours per refinery equivalent 
distillation capacity (EDC). EDC is a measure that equalizes complexity differences among refineries in order to 
compare performance. 
2 Maintenance index represents the sum of the non-turnaround maintenance costs per EDC and the annualized 
turnaround costs per EDC. 
Reliability Investments Contribute to Operations, Safety and 
Environmental Excellence
Valero has consistently improved reliability, compared with industry peers, leading to lower operating 
expenses, better efficiency and improved environmental performance. 
67% 
Reduction in  
Tier 1 Process 
Safety Event  
Rates since 20113
Tier 1 Process Safety3
2011
2012
2013
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
0.163
Process Safety  
Event Rate
2021 0.053
3 Three-year rolling averages of Tier 1 PSE per 200,000 working hours. Tier 1 PSE rate as defined by the API 
Recommended Practice 754.

50 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   51
Goal Zero Safety Program
Our Goal Zero program is aimed at eliminating 
incidents arising from seven hazard sources. 
This innovative program takes a data-driven 
approach to identifying focus areas to bring 
incidents and injury rates down to zero. 
Goal Zero is supported by assessments, such 
as Valero’s Safety Assessment for Excellence 
(VSAFE) and Control of Hazardous Energy and 
Materials Assessment (CHEM), which evaluate 
refinery procedures from the preparation of 
equipment for maintenance to the way the 
equipment is returned to service. The CHEM 
assessments closely examine the human 
aspect of our processes and challenge our 
team members to focus on the execution of 
procedures designed to protect them.
Heavy Equipment/
Vehicle Operations
Dropped
Objects
Energy Isolation
and Control
Slips, Trips
and Falls
Contractor Safety 
Management
Hand Awareness
and Safety
HEALTH & SAFETY
GOAL
ZERO
EXCELLENCE
Personnel
Exposure
Life-Saving Rules
“Life-Saving Rules” are an essential part of our 
Goal Zero initiative. Violations of these rules 
carry the highest level of personal responsibility. 
The rules range from working without a valid 
work permit to failure to wear specified life-
protection equipment. Through the Goal Zero 
webpage portal, employees are able to see 
why an incident was deemed a violation of Life-
Saving Rules and can assess how to avoid a 
similar situation.
Our employees and contractors are 
consistently reminded of their roles and 
responsibilities through comprehensive training 
and realistic field exercises that focus on critical 
work processes and procedures. They know 
that the rules simply must be followed in all 
circumstances to eliminate serious incidents 
and to get us to our Goal Zero. 
Seven critical rules 
that must be followed 
at all times.
Work with a valid 
work permit when 
required.
Verify energy 
isolation before 
beginning work.
Obtain authorization 
before entering a 
confined space.
Obtain authorization 
before overriding or 
bypassing a safety 
system.
Use specified 
life-protection 
equipment.
Protect yourself 
against a fall when 
working at heights.
Smoke in 
designated  
areas only.
COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT SAFETY

SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
52 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   53
Employee Safety Training
As part of our Commitment to Excellence Management System (CTEMS), we offer a robust and 
dynamic year-round training program to ensure operations excellence. With more than 650,000 
hours of safety training in 2021 for ~6,100 refining employees, our safety training covers a wide variety 
of topics, including:
• Critical safety procedures, such as energy isolation and control, confined-space entry, fall 
protection, life-saving equipment and safe work permitting.
• Training for excellence in refining operations and mechanical integrity as well as process safety, 
emergency preparedness and cybersecurity.
• Training through computer-based sessions, instructor-led courses, safety meetings and daily 
safety talks.
Contractor Safety 
Training
Valero’s strong safety culture 
includes not only employees but 
also contractors. Contractors have 
adopted the same approach to 
operational excellence in order to 
avoid incidents. In fact, contractor 
companies working at Valero 
refineries hold a total of 27 OSHA 
Voluntary Protection Program Stars, 
after voluntarily submitting to and 
completing stringent safety audits by 
OSHA inspectors, as most of Valero’s 
refineries have done.
As outlined in our CTEMS, safety 
qualifications for all existing and new 
contractors performing work at our 
refineries are essential to improve 
safety performance, efficiency and 
safety compliance. Contractors 
hold themselves to the same level 
of safety training as our employees, 
participating in more than 1 million 
training hours in 2021.
Pre-screening for Safety 
Performance and Risks 
• Contractor companies are pre-screened by a third 
party to meet or exceed the Valero health and safety 
expectations. 
• Contractor employees are trained initially and 
annually through a reciprocal contractor safety 
council focused on petrochemical and site-specific 
health and safety requirements. 
• Contractors are responsible for ensuring individual 
craft certifications are maintained. 
• Comprehensive drug/alcohol testing and disciplinary 
action programs are required.
Operating Guidelines on Contractor 
Safety Management 
• Contractor performance is evaluated both during 
and at the completion of jobs, including preplanning, 
permitting, auditing and post-job evaluations. 
• Contractors are expected to meet or exceed Valero 
health and safety programs, as well as state and 
federal regulations.
• In 2021, we published the Conduct Guidelines for 
Business Partners, which detail our high ethical 
expectations of business partners, suppliers and 
vendors. These guidelines are available on our 
website at www.valero.com > Investors > ESG > 
Corporate Governance Documents.
52
2021 Emergency Response
With refineries along coastlines and ethanol plants in 
the U.S. Midwest, Valero evaluates and prepares for 
physical risks to its facilities from natural disasters, 
including hurricanes and tornadoes, and other threats.  
Amid a pandemic in 2021, Team Valero was tested 
by Winter Storm Uri and Hurricane Ida. While the 
impacts of both storms were far-reaching, our plans, 
preparations and response helped to mitigate the risks 
to people, assets, surrounding communities and the 
environment.
A major winter and ice storm, Uri had widespread 
impact across the U.S. in February 2021, resulting in 
extensive blackouts and the worst energy infrastructure 
failure in the history of the state of Texas, where half 
of our refineries are located. Team Valero, along 
with business partners and contractors, executed an 
unprecedented multi-site response that assessed, 
prioritized and made critical repairs to return sites to 
operation as soon as possible.  
In the summer of 2021, Hurricane Ida, a Category 4 
hurricane, struck the Louisiana coast, affecting our 
St. Charles and Meraux refineries as well as causing 
devastation across the surrounding communities.  
Once again, we put our emergency preparedness 
and response plans to work, and both refineries were 
shut down in a safe, controlled manner in advance 
of the hurricane landfall. After the storm, we worked 
to stabilize homes and provided shelter and basic 
needs to employees, which enabled them to focus on 
recovery and restart efforts. We successfully restarted 
both refineries within days.  
First Week Response  
to Hurricane Ida: 
• 32 support staff at the  
refineries within 24 hours.
• Delivered $125,000 worth of 
toiletries and personal items 
for our employees and their 
families.
• Provided ~ 35,000 gallons 
of gasoline/diesel to first 
responders, local governments, 
our employees and contractors.  
• Distributed 200 generators, 
200 chainsaws, 300 extension 
cords, 700 gas cans and two 
semi-trailer loads of 10-pound 
ice bags. 
• Served ~ 9,400 meals to 
employees and contractors.
• Repaired 165 homes.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •  53

SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
54 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   55
Enhancing Physical Resilience
In the last 10 years, Valero has invested more than $14 billion of capital to sustain its operations, 
including turnarounds, catalysts, investments in safety, preventive equipment maintenance, 
environmental mitigation, and reliability and regulatory compliance. Sustaining capital is used to 
keep our facilities performing and to mitigate and reduce physical risks to our operations and our 
people, including:
• New infrastructure at raised elevation to reduce the effects of flooding.
• Upgraded critical buildings, including control rooms and employee shelters resilient to physical 
risks.
• Refineries designed to withstand hurricane forces, with safe shutdowns and personnel 
evacuations initiated in advance of severe storms.
Valero’s Emergency 
Management Planning & 
Response
Our emergency management planning and 
response program actively assesses potential 
risks posed to our people and operations, and 
implements solutions:
• Emergency response plans at each facility 
that comply with all local, state and federal 
regulations, and are regularly updated 
with third-party assessments to ensure 
excellence.
• Qualified emergency response teams that 
have built strong relationships with outside 
response personnel. 
• Regular drills and assessments to promote 
response readiness, incorporating the focus 
of our Goal Zero program.
• Critical capital resources allocated to 
emergency planning and response in the 
strategic planning and capital budget 
processes to make our facilities efficient and 
resilient.
• Use of emerging technologies to optimize 
decision-making and response execution.
See page 111 for notes regarding this page and for non-GAAP disclosures.
Hurricane Preparedness 
Our preparedness measures include pre-hurricane season activities, as well as a five-phase process 
to monitor evolving conditions as the storm approaches, to provide adequate time and resources for 
our employees and facilities to safely prepare. 
At the start 
of hurricane 
season, facility 
plans reviewed 
and updated, 
inventory 
and supplies 
restocked, begin 
daily monitoring 
for potential 
storms. 
1 2 3 4 5
Assess predicted 
storm path 
and potential 
for impact. 
Communicate 
with site(s) likely 
to be impacted or 
under threat.
Activate the 
Corporate 
Emergency 
Operations 
Center and 
Employee Call 
Center. Execute 
site operational 
and contingency 
plans and 
prepare site(s) for 
storm impacts, 
including the 
staging of 
equipment from 
service providers. 
Execute 
shutdown, 
ride-out and/or 
evacuation plans.
Initiate post-
hurricane 
response, 
including the 
assessment 
of impacts on 
employees, the 
environment 
and surrounding 
communities. 
Implement plans 
for recovery and 
support for safe 
startup and return 
to operations. 
Phase Phase Phase Phase Phase

56 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   57
We will be a good neighbor 
by sharing our success 
with the communities 
where we live and work 
through volunteerism, 
charitable giving and the 
economic support of being 
a good employer.
Valero looks for opportunities to collaborate with local 
officials, community and nonprofit leaders and fence-
line residents to improve the quality of life and help build 
stronger communities. We work diligently to engage with 
stakeholders at all levels to understand local interests 
and needs, and partner with communities to address 
social, environmental and economic matters through 
meaningful involvement. 
Through multiple million-dollar investments, we focused 
on:
• Improving access to vocational skills training 
and creating job opportunities for economically 
disadvantaged communities. 
• Supporting the transformation of green spaces to 
create a hub for community revitalization and a 
gathering place for families to enjoy the outdoors. 
• Funding the construction of a new food distribution 
center in neighborhoods where food insecurity is 
prevalent. 
Also, our employees selflessly volunteered thousands 
of hours to support schools, food banks, nursing homes, 
biodiversity projects, mentoring students and building 
community gardens, among other programs.
COMMUNITY
56
Valero volunteers from 
our Wilmington refinery 
help with community 
beautification.

58 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   59
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
58
Neighborhood Education 
Support 
Wilmington, California
Valero has worked with ESP Education and 
Leadership Institute in supporting its “BOSS” 
program. The mission of this initiative is to 
prepare young student-athletes, primarily 
of color, through year-round programming 
that includes academic coaching, mentoring, 
real-world experiences and opportunities for 
advocacy. In 2021, through the Valero Benefit for 
Children, ESP received $50,000 to help continue 
its mission of empowering youth to become 
future leaders.  
 
Houston, Texas
Valero employees in Houston hold an annual 
Back to School Bash for children in the 
Manchester neighborhood, equipping students 
with backpacks filled with school supplies. More 
than 1,500 backpacks have been distributed in 
the last 6 years.
Urban Beautification 
Houston, Texas
Valero’s Houston Refinery is located 
in Houston’s East End, neighboring 
the Manchester community. In 2021, 
Valero, along with our neighbors 
and the City of Houston, proudly 
supported the renovation of Hartman 
Park. Manchester families have a 
new gathering place and a beautiful 
playground to spend quality time with 
their children. 
Valero’s Environmental Justice Policy
Valero strives to operate as a good neighbor and looks for opportunities to work with local officials and 
directly with fence-line neighbors to improve the quality of life for its neighbors and communities. 
Valero aims to treat its fence-line neighbors fairly, regardless of race, color, national origin, culture or 
income. We work to ensure our neighbors have an opportunity to understand our proposed activities 
and to provide them with meaningful opportunity to have their concerns heard, with the goal of 
providing them with greater comfort in our operations.
Advancing Social Equity and Inclusion to  
Build Stronger Communities - Together
Valero was the first major energy company to adopt a formal  
Environmental Justice Policy. 
We believe social equity and inclusion are integral parts of a healthy community, which is why 
we collaborate with stakeholders to understand social, economic and environmental factors of 
importance to each community.  
“At Valero, we’re driven to 
make a difference in our 
community. We’re grateful for 
the opportunity to join Mayor 
Turner and the other partners 
to create a lasting difference in 
the lives of our neighbors and 
provide families a fun, safe and 
attractive park.”
- Lon Brenner,  
Vice President and General 
Manager, Valero Houston 
Refinery
We aim to 
address needs 
with meaningful 
investments, 
engagement 
and outreach 
strategies. 
“Valero has proven to be an A+ 
community partner. To step up 
immediately after we made the 
announcement on the 50/50 
Park Initiative, I classify them as 
an outstanding corporate citizen, 
and the investment they made 
is now benefiting these kids 
and sending a very important 
message to our city.” 
- Sylvester Turner,  
Houston Mayor
New playground at Hartman 
Park in Houston, Texas
CARING FOR OURFEN
C
E-LINE CO M MUNITIES
CARING FOR OURFEN
C
E-LINE CO M MUNITIES

60 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   61
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
60
Memphis, Tennessee
Valero has been a long-standing supporter of Knowledge 
Quest, which offers a variety of programs designed to help 
strengthen families. This agency is located about four 
miles away from the refinery and directly impacts some of 
Memphis’ most impoverished areas. Through its Extended 
Learning Academy, Knowledge Quest offers free after 
school care for nearly 300 children. 
In 2010, to support the nutritional needs 
of the South Memphis community, 
Knowledge Quest created The Green 
Leaf Learning Farm. Years later, it now 
operates as a 1.5 acre urban microfarm 
that produces USDA certified organic 
produce. Last year, Valero volunteers 
helped clean the grounds and prepare 
the soil for planting. Knowledge Quest also received 
$100,000, their largest donation from Valero’s Benefit for 
Children, to help promote student Ag-Education. 
St. Charles, Louisiana 
In an ongoing effort to reduce poverty, provide workforce 
training and facilitate upward mobility, Valero committed 
$1 million to United Way’s Building Renovation Fund for a new 
state-of-the-art River Parishes Community College campus 
in St. Charles, Louisiana. 
The new campus provides residents with a local technical 
and vocational school where students can attain an 
Associate Degree in Process Technology or Instrumentation. 
Prior to this new campus, students in St. Charles Parish had to 
travel up to 20 miles away to attend this type of program.
“I’ve never seen a corporation 
that does what Valero does, 
which is intentionally prioritize 
support based on the 
footprint of your plant. 
We’ve worked with Valero for 
nearly 20 years and they’ve 
set the standard on what a 
corporate neighbor is and 
should be.”
- Marlon Foster, CEO, 
Knowledge Quest
“PAIG was a life-changing opportunity for me. As a young 
man from Port Arthur, I wasn’t sure how I would find my 
place in such a large and competitive industry. PAIG 
provided the tools that helped me differentiate myself 
and land a job at Valero. The scholarship I received 
helped financially, but my internship through PAIG made a 
huge difference professionally. The internship gave me a 
unique insight into the career path I chose, and applicable 
experiences that translated into my work at Valero.” 
- Joshua Daniels, Operator, Valero Port Arthur Refinery
Port Arthur, Texas
Since 2000, Valero has partnered with Port Arthur Industry Group (PAIG) to provide college 
scholarships to Port Arthur residents interested in STEM-related careers. 
“Valero is a community 
partner that demonstrates 
commitment to our Parish, 
time and time again. 
Through their generous 
community investments 
and employment 
opportunities, the gift to 
the community college 
will drive economic 
growth in the St. Charles 
Parish for many years to 
come.” 
- Matthew Jewell, 
President, St. Charles 
Parish
Community Nutritional Initiatives 
Corpus Christi, Texas 
In 2021, the Valero Energy Foundation provided $1.5 million to the 
Coastal Bend Food Bank in Corpus Christi, Texas, to support the 
construction of a new 108,000 square foot distribution center 
to service an 11-county area. The new center is currently under 
construction with a targeted opening date in the summer of 2023.
“I could not imagine having to run a nonprofit without 
companies like Valero. There is just no way we could do it. 
They are vital to our survival.” 
- Bea Hanson, Executive Director, Coastal Bend Food Bank

62 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   63
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Community Investment Impact
2021 Highlights
In 2021, Valero and the Valero Energy 
Foundation generated more than  
$62 million for charities through employee 
and company donations, corporate 
philanthropy, fundraising and volunteerism. 
More than 616 nonprofit organizations were 
supported through Valero’s diverse and 
inclusive community strategy.
$3 MILLION
Employee Giving and Global Employee Volunteerism
$16 MILLION
Corporate Investments in the U.S., U.K., Canada, Mexico and Peru
$17 MILLION
Support of United Way across the U.S.
$27 MILLION
Valero Energy Foundation Investments  
(Including proceeds from the Valero Texas Open and Benefit for Children)
$62 MILLION+
Total Generated for Charities
Valero works 
to address key 
issues across 
the communities 
where we live 
and work by 
partnering 
with agencies 
focused on 
driving social 
change and 
enriching lives.
Hunger
The COVID-19 pandemic illuminated the 
importance of food access for families around 
the world. Over the past five years, Valero provided 
nearly $7 million to assist food banks and pantries 
serving children, adults and senior citizens.
1
“One of the things I’m so 
impressed about Valero is that 
they recognize that they are 
part of the communities. They 
are known for being a great 
community partner…I get told 
thank you from moms who go 
to bed at night knowing their 
babies will have enough to eat 
because of work that you do in 
partnership with us.” 
- Claire Babineaux-Fontenot, 
Chief Executive Officer, 
Feeding America
Addressing Our Communities’ Greatest Needs
In Dumas, Texas, Valero’s 
McKee Refinery has 
supported Snack Pak 
4 Kids since 2014 with 
volunteers and more 
than $200,000 to ensure 
students have meals on 
the weekends, during 
school holidays and over 
summer break.
Our CEO, Joe Gorder, pictured here with kids enjoying the ultra-accessible 
Morgan’s Wonderland Camp in San Antonio, Texas.

64 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   65
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Education and Workforce Development
Every child deserves access to the resources and technology that engage them fully and maximize 
their learning experience. Valero partners with local public school districts and foundations, charter 
schools, colleges, universities and trade schools to ensure all students have access to the tools and support 
systems needed to pursue their dreams.
Benicia, California – The Valero Energy 
Foundation provided $500,000 to the 
Vacaville Boys & Girls Club to help with 
the construction of a new 8,000 square 
foot building to serve the children in the 
community. The new building will include 
classrooms, a new kitchen and a celebration 
center. 
Port Arthur, Texas – The Valero Energy 
Foundation provided $100,000 to Port Arthur 
ISD to fund the Empowering Students and 
Teachers in the STEM program, a four-part 
initiative where teachers are provided the 
materials necessary to ensure students are 
thriving in these subjects.
2
Wilmington, California – Valero provided $125,000 to the Cabrillo Marine Aquarium to support its 
STEM education programming. The aquarium is free to all attendees and open year-round. 
Montreal, Canada – For the fourth consecutive year, Valero was one of 
the major sponsors for the Défi Kayak Desgagnés, a three-day kayaking 
challenge that raised more than $333,000 for Jeunes musiciens du 
monde (Young Musicians of the World). This organization teaches music 
to at-risk youth to promote social belonging and self-esteem, motivating 
them to pursue their dreams.
In Houston, Texas, 
Valero partners 
with YES Prep, which 
works to provide 
children equitable 
access to an 
exceptional public 
school education 
that equips them 
to achieve their 
educational goals 
and fulfill their potential, changing their lives forever. For 
the class of 2022, more than 98 percent of graduates 
have been accepted to a four-year college.
3
Women and Minorities
Valero seeks out opportunities to partner with 
organizations focused on advancing women and 
minorities. 
Corpus Christi, Texas – The Valero Energy Foundation 
provided $200,000 to New Life Refuge Ministries, which works 
to provide shelter and treatment for victims of sex trafficking
In San Antonio, Texas, since 
2006, Valero and the Valero 
Energy Foundation have provided 
nearly $1.4 million to AVANCE to 
further its mission of creating 
pathways to economic mobility 
for predominantly Latino families.
“Thanks so much to Valero for 
the consistent and continuous 
support of our programs – 
through grant funding, facility 
usage, board support and of 
course the encouragement 
we get from your fantastic 
staff!” 
- Susan S. Thompson, 
Executive Director, AVANCE
“A donation of this magnitude changes lives. Helping 
these survivors changes not just the trajectory 
of their lives, but the lives of those around them. 
Valero’s generosity to this program will influence and 
benefit generations to come.” 
- Minta Moore, Founder and Executive Director, New 
Life Refuge Ministries
San Antonio, Texas – Valero contributed $70,000 to 
support Girl Scouts of Southwest Texas’ Girl Genius 
tutoring program, which provides female students from 
underfunded schools a safe environment to receive 
academic tutoring, homework assistance, physical 
activity and meals, all at no cost. With a majority of 
Hispanic students, the more than 55 participants achieved 
positive academic and behavioral outcomes, including 
improvement in discipline, satisfactory or exemplary 
behavior and reduction of failing classes. 
Corpus Christi, Texas – Over the past six years, Valero and the Valero 
Energy Foundation have provided around $1.5 million to Driscoll 
Children’s Hospital in South Texas, which provides pediatric care for 
31-counties.
In 2021, Valero’s support helped the Hospital raise $81,000 to purchase 
“Transportle Preemie Pods” to keep tiny patients secured during 
transport. 
Community Health and Well-Being
We are committed to investing in organizations that ensure our community’s most vulnerable 
populations have equal access to health care services. Some of our major gifts included:
4
San Antonio, Texas – The 
ultra-accessible Morgan’s 
Wonderland Camp, where 
people of all ages and abilities 
can play and experience camp 
together, was completed in 
2020 thanks to a $15 million 
grant from Valero.
San Antonio, Texas – Valero generously supports healthcare in San 
Antonio. In 2021, Valero donated $5.8 million to various healthcare causes, 
including the University Health System Foundation, a Mobile Mammography 
Unit and an Alzheimer’s Unit at the UT Health Science Center.
Welcome, Minnesota – Our employee, Kelley Becker, 
from our Welcome, Minnesota, ethanol plant reached a 
blood donation milestone in 2021. Over his lifetime, he has 
participated in over 167 blood donation sessions. 
Valero began sponsoring the Welcome community blood 
drive in 2016. Prior to Valero’s sponsorship, there was no 
community blood drive in the Welcome area. Valero 
promotes blood donation efforts across all our sites. In 2021, 
Valero employees donated 1,044 units of blood, saving an 
estimated 3,132 lives.

66 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   67
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Volunteerism
From building homes, sorting food, 
planting trees, taking part in fun 
STEM activities at schools and 
picking up litter from roadways 
and beaches, our employees have 
a passion for helping build better 
communities and generously 
sharing their time and talents. 
Valero Volunteer Councils
Each of our sites has a Valero Volunteer Council 
that organizes employee volunteer activities 
throughout the year. Over the past five years, our 
employees around the globe volunteered more 
than 600,000 hours of service.
Our employees  
currently serve on  
more than  
320+ nonprofit/
civic boards  
around the world that 
address a wide variety of 
needs to help strengthen 
communities.
In Wilmington, California, Valero volunteers completed two giant murals as part of a 
beautification project at a neighboring school, Hawaiian Avenue Elementary. One of the 
murals spanned four classrooms and the other covered two stories. 
Sharefest is a nonprofit organization in California with a mission to empower underserved 
youth to transform their future and become leaders of collaborative community change.
St. Charles, Louisiana – Valero 
volunteers worked with their 
neighbors in a community-wide 
clean up event. 
Corpus Christi, Texas – Valero volunteers have 
taken part in the Texas General Land Offices’ 
Adopt-A-Beach efforts collecting trash on area 
beaches. 
“Valero is an 
amazing partner 
who always does 
a phenomenal job 
beautifying our 
local schools. We 
know this project 
infused life into the 
school and will bring 
a smile to many 
kiddos’ faces.” 
- Chad Mayer, 
Executive Director, 
Sharefest
Callao, Peru – Working together with community 
leaders, neighbors and the municipality, Valero 
volunteers helped clean the local beach by 
collecting 750 tons of garbage.
Texas City, Texas – As part of Earth Day activities, 
Valero volunteers helped build raised garden 
beds.
San Antonio, Texas – Valero volunteers 
partnered with the Lemonade Circle organization 
to provide an on-site volunteer project and learn 
about careers at Valero.
Engineering interns in Memphis, 
Tennessee, work with students 
as part of the refinery’s partner-
ship with Knowledge Quest.
Interns in Three Rivers, Texas, 
work on STEM activities with 
children at the Boys & Girls Club.
Stephanie Hall, Senior Vice President and Deputy General 
Counsel at Valero speaks about her career path to more 
than 100 minority girls attending this event.

68 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   69
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Benicia, California – Valero volunteers 
helped the Loma Vista Farm with cleanup and 
maintenance activities. 
San Antonio, Texas – Valero volunteers added 
fun artwork at the Blessed Sacrament Children’s 
Academy in the west side of the city.
Pembroke, U.K. – Twice a year, Valero volunteers 
help preserve the beauty of the Freshwater West 
Beach in Pembrokeshire by participating in 
beach cleanup events, picking up litter along the 
coastal site. 
Wilmington, California – Valero hosted its Surf 
for Charity event, which raised nearly $30,000 for 
veterans. 
Corpus Christi, Texas – Every year, the Coastal 
Bend Bays Foundation hosts an Earth Day-
Bay Day celebration in Corpus Christi, TX. This 
family-friendly event with educational exhibits 
encourages community participation in local 
conservation and habitat protection activities. 
In 2021, Valero gave away 2,600 native plants to 
attendees of Earth Day-Bay Day. 
Montreal, Canada – Valero volunteers at the 
Montreal East Terminal built planter boxes to 
grow fruits and vegetables at the Montreal East 
Community Gardens. With Valero’s support, the 
community gardens tripled in size from 4,305 to 
12,916 square feet, helping to provide more fresh 
produce to Life of Hope Action.
More Than 
$200 Million in 
proceeds for U.S. 
charities.
The Valero Texas Open celebrated 
its 100th year in 2022, the oldest 
tournament on the PGA TOUR 
to be played in the same city 
since inception. For the past 20 
years, Valero has been the title 
sponsor, helping to elevate the 
tournament’s stature by becoming 
a leader in charitable fundraising 
events on the PGA TOUR. In 2022, 
in collaboration with our business 
and community partners, the 
Valero Texas Open, the Valero 
Benefit for Children and Champions 
fore Charity events generated a 
record $22 million in proceeds for 
hundreds of charities. This brings 
the total amount raised by Valero 
to $205 million since becoming the 
title sponsor since 2002. 
2021 
$16+ 
million 
 
2022 
$22+ 
million
Net Proceeds Raised:
Joe Gorder, our CEO, is joined 
by the 2022 VTO champion, 
J.J. Spaun, and children at the 
First Tee of San Antonio during 
the Valero Texas Open.

70 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   71
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Valero Benefit for Children Distribution by the Numbers
Basic Needs
Basic human needs are 
essential to having a 
community that is able to 
thrive. We provide support 
for services such as food 
banks, shelters, emergency 
response, after-school 
meals and others.  
Education
Valero is a strong supporter and 
advocate of education, and 
prioritizes learning and college 
preparation as an investment in 
our future. We support school-
based programs that ensure 
students have the necessary 
tools and technology to succeed 
at all ages, including STEM 
education programs, mentoring, 
wraparound social services and 
after-school programs.
Healthcare
We prioritized healthcare 
and mental health 
needs in our neighboring 
communities. Major 
gifts went to children’s 
hospitals, medical centers 
and service providers 
that offer specialized 
health care services and 
programs.
42%
36%
22%
Basic Needs
Houston, Texas – $90,000 to Kids’ 
Meals to provide children with 
weekend and after-school meals. 
Three Rivers, Texas – More than $200,000 has been 
provided to the Live Oak County Boys & Girls Clubs in the last 
five years. 
“To have a partner like Valero makes a difference in 
these children’s lives as we are trying to meet their 
needs and provide a better path for a better future  
for them.” 
- John Corkill, Executive Director,  
Boys and Girls Club of Live Oak County
Corpus Christi, Texas – 
$175,000 was provided to 
the Ronald McDonald House 
Charities of South Texas 
for families who stay at the 
House near the hospital 
as their children receive 
treatment. 
San Antonio, 
Texas – 
$50,000 for 
Haven for 
Hope to help 
the homeless 
population. 
Education
Port Arthur, Texas – 
$100,000 to the Beaumont 
Children’s Museum to 
support hands-on learning 
about nature, science, art, 
construction and other 
S.T.E.A.M. concepts.
Benicia, California –  
$50,000 to Junior 
Achievement to provide 
students with educational 
lessons on financial 
capability, career readiness 
and business ownership.
Wilmington, California – $100,000 
to EXP, the Opportunity Engine, 
which helps prepare students for 
future careers. The program pairs 
high school juniors and seniors with 
companies for summer internships. 
During the 2021-2022 school year, 
more than 6,300 high school students 
at 11 Southern California high schools 
participated in EXP programs. 
Mount Vernon, Indiana – $20,000 awarded to Youth First, Inc., 
which partners with 107 schools across 13 Indiana counties to 
provide skilled social workers who can serve as mentors and 
prevention coaches for parents and teachers. 
Memphis, Tennessee – $80,000 to the Soulsville Foundation, Inc. for “Soulsville’s Black History Month” 
featuring the Stax Music Academy (SMA). The SMA is an after-school and summer music institute 
for at-risk youth to enhance academic, cognitive, performance and leadership skills through music 
education, with a strong focus on the rich legacy of Stax Records. 
Healthcare
Port Arthur, Texas – $180,000 to 
the Christus Health Foundation 
of Southeast Texas to support its 
Maternal and Child Unit at CHRISTUS 
Hospital – St. Elizabeth. This will allow 
for special equipment to be used in 
labor and delivery rooms.
Dumas, Texas – CareNet Pregnancy 
Resource Center received $50,000 
for pre-natal care. The funds will 
also help provide free counseling 
services to support mental health for 
their clients.
San Antonio, Texas – $25,000 
to the Brighton Center to provide 
developmental services and 
education for children with 
disabilities. 
Ardmore, Oklahoma – $40,000 to the Lighthouse 
Behavioral Wellness Centers, an organization focused 
on treating mental illness. Funds provided in 2021 
supported program counselors with the necessary 
technology to help children.

72 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   73
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Since 1980, Valero has contributed more 
than $236 million to 59 United Way 
affiliates in 26 states across America 
where Valero employees live and work.
 
Valero employees 
stepped up in 2021 with 
record contributions 
to our companywide 
campaign. These 
donations ensure that 
thousands of agencies 
supported by United 
Way have the funding 
needed to continue 
serving communities across the United States. More 
than 25% of Valero employees generously pledged 
2% or more of their annual salary to United Way 
agencies.
Our commitment to being a United Way partner also 
goes beyond direct employee pledging – we also 
lead volunteer projects in collaboration with United 
Way partners agencies and host special events and 
activities which generate additional fundraising dollars.
Our Employees are Champions of United Way 
“In a year of challenges, 
employee contributions 
provided hope to the 
children, families, seniors 
and individuals who rely 
on the United Way at 
critical times of need.” 
- John Locke,  
Valero’s Vice President and 
Treasurer and Chair of the 
2021 Valero United Way 
Campaign. 
$17 MILLION
TOTAL VALERO UNITED WAY PLEDGE 
CAMPAIGN FOR 2021
BBQ Showdown in Ardmore, Oklahoma – This annual 
fundraising event brings members of the Ardmore 
community together to generate one of the largest 
donations of the year to benefit the United Way of 
South-Central Oklahoma. 
In 2021, there were 39 participating teams and over 
60 sponsors of the event, raising a total of $220,431. 
The two-day event has become a southern Oklahoma 
tradition, bringing thousands to the area to enjoy some 
amazing BBQ while contributing to a great cause.
“This is a signature event for us and 
wouldn’t be possible without the support 
of our generous business and community 
partners. The city of Ardmore, the United 
Way and our Valero volunteers spend 
numerous hours preparing for this 
fundraiser and have helped us grow it into 
the community event it is today. We look 
forward to next year!”  
- Vic Rhodes, Vice President and General 
Manager, Valero Ardmore Refinery
“We are honored to 
support the United 
Way of Mid & South 
Jefferson County. 
We are thankful 
Valero included us 
in this mission.” 
- Chad Edgar,  
Vice President of 
Sales & Marketing 
Eastern Region, 
Stronghold 
Companies
Reel United! Valero Fishing Tournament in Port Arthur – Since 2018, 
employees at Valero’s Port Arthur Refinery have hosted the Reel United fishing 
tournament as a way to raise additional funds for the United Way of Mid & 
South Jefferson County. In its inaugural year, 95 boats participated, and in 
2021, 260 boats. Over the last four years, the Reel United fishing tournament has 
raised more than $220,000.
The positive impact of the 
tournament is due in great 
part to Valero’s passionate 
volunteer council, whose 
members commit hundreds 
of hours to plan and set up the 
tournament. Many supportive 
business partners, including 
Stronghold Companies, also 
drive the event’s success.

74 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   75
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Hurricane Recovery: Respond. Restore. Recover.
Roaring onshore the Louisiana coastline in late August 2021, Hurricane Ida, impacted community 
members and employees from the Valero St. Charles and Meraux Refineries. 
Valero contributed $500,000 to agencies on the frontlines directly serving communities affected by 
Hurricane Ida. Valero’s contributions were divided among three agencies that serve the New Orleans 
and South Louisiana areas:
• $250,000 to the American Red Cross in support of 
relief needs, including shelter, cleaning supplies and 
other basic necessities to those displaced from their 
homes;
• $200,000 for the Convoy of Hope to help provide 
hygiene kits; and
• $50,000 to Second Harvest to help provide 
thousands of people with meals following the storm. 
“Thanks to you and the employees of 
Valero for the donation of water and food. 
We appreciate Valero thinking of our 
community in its time of need.” 
- Howard Luna, St. Bernard Parish Council 
Member, District C
“A big thank you goes to Valero for their 
assistance in helping get supplies – ice, 
water, and food – to our residents. They 
didn’t hesitate to donate… Valero is a 
great community partner to our Parish.”
- Wanda Alcon, St. Bernard Parish Council 
Member, District D
Emergency Response Efforts
Making a Difference 
Around the World
In the communities where we 
operate, we are a major employer 
and strong economic contributor.
Our direct and indirect financial support 
contributes to local businesses, education, 
municipality infrastructure and other economic 
development needs for the overall health 
and vitalities of communities we serve. Our 
employees and contractors make above-
average wages and purchase from local 
vendors.
~9,800
DIRECT JOBS, BOLSTERING 
LOCAL ECONOMIES  
WITH PAYROLLS
~10,000
CONTRACTORS
$198,219
MEDIAN OF THE TOTAL 
ANNUAL COMPENSATION  
OF ALL EMPLOYEES FOR 2021, 
EXCLUDING OUR CEO*
$1.8
BILLION
SPENT IN 2021 ON 
MAINTENANCE AND 
GROWTH PROJECTS, 
BOOSTING CONSTRUCTION 
AND SERVICE JOBS
Tornado Response
A few months later, Valero and our employees 
helped communities struck by tornados in 
Louisiana and Oklahoma.
Valero’s Ardmore Refinery team members 
supported debris clean up and allowed 
responders to stage recovery efforts from their 
personal homes and businesses. Valero also 
provided funds to the American Red Cross to 
further support cleanup efforts across Marshall, 
Love and Johnson counties. Valero also 
provided fuel cards for residents impacted by 
the tornado. 
In Louisiana, Valero provided funds to the 
Greater New Orleans Foundation to support 
tornado relief efforts in local parishes.
Working together in the Parishes where our St. Charles and Meraux refineries 
are located, Valero helped feed employees, contractors, emergency 
responders, school personnel and residents with more than 5,400 meals and 
hundreds of cases of bottled water. Fuel cards were also distributed to first 
responders and Parish officials.
*See 2022 Proxy Statement, page 86. 
See page 111 for notes regarding this page.
Supporting the mission and 
vision of the Smithsonian’s 
National Museum of African 
American History & Culture. 
CORPORATE LEADER

76 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   77
Our people are our 
competitive advantage 
and our greatest asset.  
We are committed to building the best teams 
and providing a safe, healthy, inclusive and 
rewarding work environment with opportunities 
for professional growth and long-term financial 
stability. 
We understand that sustainability is also about 
people. Our long-standing culture supports our 
commitment to diversity and a true sense of 
belonging for every member of Team Valero. 
We make investments in our people that reward 
commitment, innovation and excellence. Our 
approach advances not only the future of energy, 
but also the future of our workforce for years to 
come. 
PEOPLE
76
“2021 was 
formidable, but no 
match for Valero’s 
people. Guided 
by our cultural 
values, our people 
focused on what 
they do best: delivering reliable, 
affordable transportation fuels 
to meet the world’s demand as it 
recovered, while taking great care 
of the communities in which we 
live and work. In addition, Valero 
made significant progress in 
advancing important goals that 
will ensure the sustainability of our 
industry-leading workforce.”
- Julia Rendon Reinhart,  
Senior Vice President and  
Chief Human Resources Officer
88% 
of Valero employees 
“recommend Valero as a 
great place to work”
Valero employees at our 
Three Rivers refinery.

78 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   79
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
EMPLOYEES
%  
WORKFORCE
OPERATIONS 4,442 45%
MAINTENANCE 1,572 16%
ENGINEERING 750 8%
ACCOUNTING & 
FINANCE 668 7%
INFORMATION 
SYSTEMS 451 5%
COMMERCIAL/
MARKETING 719 7%
OTHER 1,207 12%
Global Employees 
9,809
Our People
For more than 40 
years, Valero has 
enlisted the world’s 
best and brightest 
engineers, operators, 
maintenance crafts and 
business professionals 
to advance the future 
of energy and drive 
exceptional results in 
the transportation fuels 
industry. 
Across the globe, Valero’s people 
are experiencing rewarding careers 
in diverse and inclusive work 
environments. We hire to retire and 
make every effort to support our 
employees in their career journey. 
Where We Are
WHITE 
63%
UNITED KINGDOM/IRELAND 
8%
CANADA 
7%
MEXICO/PERU 
2%
FIELD OPERATIONS 
78%
CORPORATE 
22%
REPRESENTED BY 
LABOR UNIONS 
18%
Our Workforce
Race/Ethnicity (U.S.)
MINORITY 
37%
BLACK/AFRICAN 
AMERICAN 
7%
OTHER 
 
7%
UNITED STATES 
83%
Gender
WOMEN 
 
19%
WOMEN 
PROFESSIONAL 
30%
People Leaders
WOMEN 
20%
MINORITY (U.S.) 
24%
Years of 
Service
BOOMER 
16%
GENX 
46%
MILLENNIAL 
36%
GENZ 
2%
< 5 YEARS 
28%
5-10 YEARS 
20%
10-20 YEARS 
32%
20+ YEARS 
20%
Who We Are 
Attracting
Valero Interns 
(200) (U.S.)
WOMEN 
39%
MEN 
61%
MINORITY 
34%
What We Do
*Data reflects Valero’s global employee population 
as of December 31, 2021 unless otherwise noted.
For more information, see Valero’s 2021 EEO-1 Report on page 110.
12% 
VETERANS (U.S.)
17% 
WITH DISABILITIES 
(U.S.)
NON-MINORITY 
66%
HISPANIC 
 
23%
Generations

80 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   81
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
1
2
3
Driving Success Through Culture
Our people deserve an exceptional work environment. From how we work to how we treat each other 
and those in our community, Valero’s long-standing and engrained cultural values act as the compass 
and source of inspiration for everything we do. 
4
6
5
Safety
Safety is our foundation for suc-
cess. From workplace safety to 
health and wellness, employees 
are encouraged to promote and 
demonstrate their commitment to 
safety at all times.
Accountability
Employees make a personal  
choice to take ownership of  
performance. Creating an  
environment of accountability  
helps achieve important company 
goals and drives excellence.
Teamwork
Strong teams drive successful 
organizations. Valero believes 
that great teamwork and strong 
relationships are built through 
respectful collaboration, the 
sharing of diverse perspectives, 
and strong communication. 
Do The Right Thing
Our commitment to integrity 
means doing the right thing for 
the right reason. Our people are 
trustworthy and set positive exam-
ples, leading to open, honest and 
sincere communication. 
Caring
Through caring, we create oppor-
tunities to positively impact the 
teams we support, the environ-
ment we share, the customers we 
serve and the communities where 
we live and work. 
Excellence
Valero employees treat every day 
like game day – working hard; 
being disciplined and holding our-
selves to the highest standards to 
deliver best-in-class results. 
“It is our emphasis on safety, teamwork, excellence and accountability that 
makes us a leader in the industry. But it is our commitment to doing the right 
thing and caring for our employees, our partners and communities that inspire us 
to excel.”
- Lane Riggs, President and Chief Operating Officer
“A wise man once said, ‘Individual commitment to a group effort - that is 
what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization 
work’… this is what makes Valero work! When you hear ‘COMMITMENT 
TO EXCELLENCE’ and ‘SAFETY IS OUR PRIORITY,’ it’s all about team effort. 
Teamwork and accountability to each other are what make those things 
actionable. Valero’s strong cultural values and everyone’s alignment with 
those values are what makes us special.”
- Jimmy Fulbright, Lead Process Technician, Valero Corpus Christi Refinery. 
“Some of my first childhood 
memories were attending 
Valero’s annual family picnics 
and creating artwork through 
the Valero volunteers for the 
community. I don’t know where 
my sister and I would have 
been educationally without 
my dad’s job at Valero and 
his opportunity to grow within 
the company. It’s important 
that we focus on community 
initiatives and cultivate our 
local workforce because our 
efforts create job and economic 
opportunities for our neighbors. 
In my job with Valero, I get to 
create those opportunities and 
pay it forward.”
- Sara Montelongo,  
Manager Refinery Public 
Affairs, Valero Houston and 
Texas City Refineries.
Father and daughter, Billy and Sara Montelongo, both 
work at Valero’s Houston Refinery, and come from the 
Manchester neighborhood, our fence-line community.
CARING FOR OUR
FEN
CE-LINE C O MMUNITIES
CARING FOR OUR
FEN
CE-LINE C O MMUNITIES
COVID-19
The COVID-19 pandemic presented tremendous challenges to all aspects of our business 
in 2021. As with any other challenge, our culture values guided our response. With nearly 
80% of our employees at our plants, with no option to work from home, our employees at 
our U.S. headquarters remained in the office in support of our operations teammates. Our 
safety culture allowed us to be together as a team to work collaboratively and demonstrate 
our leadership in the industry in delivering safe, affordable and reliable fuels as demand 
recovered.

82 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   83
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Attracting the Best Talent 
Valero strives to hire the best and brightest, 
while improving the diversity of our workforce. 
800+ 
New employees 
in 2021
Valero partners with the City of San Antonio in SA Ready to 
Work, which prepares local residents with an income level less 
than 250% of the federal poverty guideline to learn new skills 
and prepare them for living wage employment.
We understand this is foundational to sustaining 
an industry-leading workforce. Diversity delivers 
innovation, and innovation delivers results. 
The people we hire today will be our leaders of 
tomorrow. 
In 2021, we continued to enhance our recruitment 
process to ensure we reached the widest pool of 
candidates and ensure their hiring experience 
reflects our cultural values and our commitment 
to diversity, equity and inclusion. 
We have systematized the use of diverse 
interview panels; require diverse candidate slates 
for jobs with more than 30 applicants; employ 
blind resume reviews for certain jobs; modernized 
our job postings to be inclusive of all potential 
candidates; and updated the social and digital 
platforms on which our jobs are marketed. 
We educate our hiring teams on our culture and 
priorities as they relate to the requisite caliber of 
candidates and our commitment to improving 
diversity. We actively engage with local veterans’ 
organizations and technical and community 
colleges for our hiring needs.
$90,000+
AVERAGE STARTING PAY W/ BONUS
Local College Partnerships Produce  
Excellent Employees
Valero partners with local colleges that stimulate and support a 
community-based workforce. Through program leadership and 
curriculum guidance, we play a role in the education pipeline 
at a grassroots level, expanding important local talent pools for 
our operations and our industry.
our refineries. More than 15,000 applications 
were received, requiring mechanical aptitude, 
a willingness to learn and adherence to a strict 
safety culture. Our selection process is designed 
to produce a slate of qualified and diverse 
candidates who, once hired, are provided a 
Basic Operator Training Program that prepares 
new operators for their first post and their future 
careers.
DEI at Valero
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion is not a standalone activity or program at Valero. It is embedded in 
our cultural values. It is integrated into every process and mechanism that impacts our recruitment 
activities and our employees. In these pages, you will see aspects of our commitment to build more 
diverse teams and ensure an authentic sense of belonging to support inclusion in our workforce and 
in everything we do. 
Our field operators are the backbone of our 
company. They operate our plants 24/7 in the 
heat of Texas summers and the cold of Canadian 
winters. They are entrusted with the complex 
units and machinery that produce our products, 
and adhere to strict safety standards that protect 
their teams and their communities. For these 
roles, we need the best our communities have to 
offer. In 2021, Valero offered 254 openings across 
Our Partnerships
Ardmore, Oklahoma
• Southern Tech
Corpus Christi, Texas 
• Del Mar Community College
Memphis, Tennessee
• William R. Moore College of 
Technology
New Orleans, Louisiana (area) 
• River Parish Technical College
• St. Charles Parish High School 
Satellite Center
• Nunez Community College
Pembroke, Wales
• Pembrokeshire College
 
Port Arthur, Texas
• Lamar Institute of Technology
• Lamar State College - Port Arthur
• Lamar State College - Orange 
• Port Arthur ISD
From the West Coast to 
Graceland, 254 new Operators 
joined Team Valero
Juan Ceja (right), Supervisor Operations 
- DP and Marcus Campbell (above), 
Superintendent Emergency Services, 
received their associate degrees from 
Lamar Institute of Technology and joined 
Valero Port Arthur upon graduation.

84 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   85
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
40
COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES  
REPRESENTED IN INTERN CLASS.
Fueling Exceptional Futures
For 24 years, the Valero Intern 
Program has grown into our 
primary recruiting vehicle for our 
professional workforce. Internships 
target high-performing college 
students in engineering, 
accounting, commercial, 
marketing, information systems, 
cybersecurity, communications 
and human resources.
We continue to find ways to improve the diversity of our 
intern program. These efforts include expanding the 
schools from which we recruit; developing partnerships 
with on-campus affinity groups and societies to improve 
outreach to under-represented students; and developing 
relationships with high-potential minority candidates early 
in their educational journey. Minority Engineering 
Summit
The Valero Minority Engineering Summit, a 
four-day immersion experience at Valero 
headquarters, was created to increase 
our talent pipeline of minority engineering 
students. In our inaugural year, 11 freshmen 
minority engineering students from various 
engineering schools were selected through 
a competitive process to participate in 
the program, and each received a $1,500 
scholarship. The feedback was outstanding, 
and seven of the 11 students accepted offers 
to join our 2022 intern class. 
Valero has  
invested more than  
$7.4 
MILLION  
in support of women and 
minority student groups, 
and engineering schools. 
2017 - 2021
New Records Set  
for representation of women (39%) 
and minorities (34%) 
in our Intern Class.
92% 
INTERN ACCEPTANCE FOR 
FULL-TIME EMPLOYMENT. 
The National Association of Colleges and Employers 
recognized Valero’s 2021 MES program as a DEI program 
of excellence.

86 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   87
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Our Total Wellness benefits and programs support our 
employees’ Physical, Emotional and Financial Well-Being 
Valero’s Total Wellness & Rewards are 
a direct investment in our employees’ 
health, well-being and long-term 
financial security
Designed and administered with our cultural values and 
business strategies in mind, our direct base and incentive 
compensation; comprehensive suite of benefits and 
retirement programs support our acquisition and retention 
of the best, brightest and most diverse talent in our industry. 
More importantly, from hire to retire, they support the 
overall well-being — health, wealth, and emotional — of our 
employees and their families. We believe that this investment 
in our greatest asset delivers the ultimate return – a happy, 
healthy and productive workforce, committed to the success 
of our company. 
Equal Pay Commitment
Valero is committed to equal pay 
regardless of protected status.
99%
GENDER
100%
MINORITY
PAY EQUITY RATIO (U.S.)
Physical Well-Being
• Comprehensive healthcare plans.
• Onsite Employee Wellness Centers.
• Dependent Care Clinic (corporate only).
• On-site Fitness Centers or stipend.
• Annual Wellness Assessment.
• Medical Specialist Consultations. 
97%
EMPLOYEES ENROLLED 
IN MEDICAL PLANS
 
$192 MILLION
INVESTMENT IN THE PHYSICAL 
WELL-BEING OF OUR EMPLOYEES
$112 MILLION
VACATION AND PAID LEAVE
95%
EMPLOYEES ENROLLED 
IN 401(k) PLAN
 
$260 MILLION
IN SUPPORT OF A FINANCIALLY 
HEALTHY RETIREMENT
Our approach:
• Compensate employees 
fairly and equitably, 
verified by third party.
• Pay for performance.
• Provide competitive 
benefit offerings for 
every stage of life 
throughout a career 
and into retirement.
• Foster an inclusive 
wellness culture for 
every employee.
100%
OF VALERO 
EMPLOYEES EARN 
MORE THAN 
A LIVING WAGE
MEDIAN-PAID EMPLOYEE: 
$198,219*
(TOTAL REWARDS)$1.2 BILLION
DIRECT COMPENSATION
$285 MILLION
BONUS PAYMENTS
$85 MILLION
INCENTIVE STOCK AWARDS 
Global Compensation
Total Wellness & Rewards
2021 Total People Investment $2.2 BILLION
Emotional Well-Being
• Employee Assistance Program.
• Confidential Crisis Hotline.
• Caregiver support networks.
• Parental leave and adoption assistance. 
• Generous vacation and leave programs.
• Behavioral health benefits.  
Financial Well-Being
• Generous 401(k) match.
• Pension plans.
• Access to retiree medical plan.
• Short-term and long-term disability.
• Health Savings Account contribution. 
• Customized financial education & planning.
• Financial hardship funds.
• Tuition reimbursement.
• Valero Scholarship Program for dependents.
90%* 
Employees feel that  
“Valero is invested in my 
health and wellness.”
91%* 
Employees “satisfied with 
the range of benefits 
Valero has to offer.”
*2022 Annual Benefits Statement Survey.*See 2022 Proxy Statement, page 86.

88 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   89
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Scholarships to Achieve 
Educational Success
“This accomplishment was made possible with 
the support of family and friends, and the Valero 
Scholarship Program. As I prepare for the next chapter, I am applying 
to medical schools for admission in the fall of 2023. Meanwhile, I 
am working as a research associate to further cancer treatment 
research.”
Wellness 
Resources Help 
Change Lives 
“The results of my annual wellness exam 
showed that I was pre-diabetic, with high 
cholesterol, and hypertension – on the 
way to hypertensive crisis level. I weighed 
270 pounds and my body was letting me 
know I needed to make a change. With 
the help of our wellness clinics and Real 
Appeal, a weight loss tool offered free to 
Valero employees, I have lost 40 pounds. 
I drastically reduced my blood pressure 
by controlling my pre-diabetes, and I am 
starting to feel healthy again. I am so 
thankful for the great doctors taking care of 
me and for the tools and resources Valero 
provides to stay healthy.”
Antony Alvarado, 2021 recipient of a Valero Scholarship, dependent of Jose 
Perez-Camas, Chief Mechanic, Wilmington Refinery, graduated from the 
University of Rochester College of Arts and Sciences, with a B.S. in Biochemistry.
Supporting a Comfortable 
Retirement
“Valero’s Planning for Retirement session 
really helped me understand how to take 
advantage of the great health and financial benefits Valero 
offers its retirees. In addition, having the opportunity to meet 
on campus with a Merrill financial advisor and put together 
a customized retirement plan for my family was invaluable. 
Valero’s generous 401(k) and Pension Plan, accompanied with 
the flexibility of distribution options, has helped set my family 
up for success during our retirement years.”
Reuben Escobedo, Manager Financial 
Benefits
Removing the Stigma around 
Mental Health
“I was experiencing a difficult relationship situation 
in my life and I knew that I needed help. I discovered 
that our Employee Assistance Program, LifeConnections, offered free 
counseling sessions. Through this program, I began to understand the 
importance and impact of taking care of my mental health. Through 
this process, I’ve learned that I am stronger because I’m getting help 
and that there are others like me with these types of concerns. I hope 
other employees will take advantage of the mental health resources 
Valero offers.”
David Purcell, Lead Office & Print Services Specialist
Advancing Careers 
Through Tuition 
Reimbursement  
“Through Valero’s Tuition Reimbursement 
Program, I received my four-year business 
degree. This laid the groundwork for me to 
pursue a law degree at St. Mary’s University, 
in its part-time law degree program. I am 
extremely grateful and humbled by the 
investment Valero has made in me and its 
commitment to encourage, develop and 
support its employees.” 
Ethan Jones, Senior Counsel & Assistant 
Secretary 
Total Wellness in Action
lbs
 
Tom Karger, 18-year Valero employee and recent retiree, and his wife Carolyn, enjoying retirement
Daycare to Support  
Work/Life Balance
“We’ve been at the Valero Family 
Center for four years, and it has 
been one of the best experiences for our family. The 
convenience of having an on-site subsidized day care 
makes a real difference in my life as a professional 
and as a mother. It’s one of the many reasons Valero 
is a great place to work.”
Jennifer Mullin, Lead Accounting 
Coordinator, and her two boys outside 
the Valero Family Center on the Valero 
Headquarters campus

90 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   91
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Observances
In observance of Black History Month, Valero employees 
gathered for a conversation with the curators of the art 
exhibit and documentary, “Living in My Skin – Black Men 
in San Antonio Share Their Stories.” The project aimed to 
create a deeper understanding of race relations in our 
community, and foster a deeper cultural understanding 
of each other’s lives and feelings.
Moving Forward Together
To sustain a diverse workforce and harness the power of our 
diversity, every Team Valero member must feel a deep sense 
of belonging to the team and each other. It is an imperative. 
Our inclusive culture supports a sense of belonging and 
builds more dynamic teams. 
Education & Networking
We create opportunities to learn about our 
differences to foster a deeper sense of belonging.
Diversity Forums
Team events, many in support of cultural and community 
events, help build understanding within our workforce. 
Our 2021 MLK Speech & Diversity Forum was held live and 
recorded for all Valero sites to listen and learn from their 
peers. 
Celebrations
In celebration of the Diwali festival of lights, Valero 
employees enjoyed a live Rangoli sand art demonstration. 
Employees were invited to attend in traditional attire and 
bring Rangoli activities home to their families.
Education
Bi-monthly virtual book discussions bring topics on 
Diversity & Inclusion, Leadership and Professional 
Development conveniently to our people. The experiences 
build camaraderie while encouraging teams to share 
common interests and diverse perspectives.
Diversity Ambassadors 
Valero’s Diversity Ambassadors serve as 
advocates for Diversity Equity & Inclusion 
(DEI) principles in the workplace and in 
the communities where we work and live. 
Ambassadors seek opportunities to build 
awareness of DEI and promote inclusivity 
in the workplace and engagement in our 
community.
“As a Diversity 
Ambassador, I help 
cultivate and ensure an 
environment of inclusion 
and belonging. Whether 
that’s welcoming new 
employees or connecting people to events/
organizations at work or in the community, 
the Diversity Ambassadors help build a 
stronger, more inclusive workforce here at 
Valero.”
- Mark Williams, Sr. Manager  
Wholesale Marketing.
Networking
Through the convenience of a virtual platform, Valero 
employees have access to interactive networking 
discussions that engage, educate and allow for individual 
ideas and perspectives to be heard. During Women’s 
History Month, Valero women were invited to a four-part 
series to share experiences in health/wellness, confidence, 
work/life balance and professional development.

92 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   93
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Women in Operations - We Belong
Valero values the impact and contributions made by women 
throughout our company. We continue to improve our gender 
demographics. Since 2018:
EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP 
11% TO 15% 
36%  
PEOPLE LEADERS 
18% TO 20%
11%  
ENGINEERING 
17% TO 20% 
18% 
1
2
3
4
6
5
Candace Webb
Houston Refinery  
Backup Console Operator  
(8 years)
“I am most excited knowing the 
products we make at Valero 
contribute to making a positive 
impact on people’s lives and 
the world. Valero has a family-
oriented culture that gives 
me and my family a sense of 
belonging.”
Jodi Orgeron  
 St. Charles Renewable Diesel 
Plant Board Operator (2 years)
“Valero allows employees to 
feel engaged and invested in 
their work, which motivates and 
inspires me to work hard. If I 
can do it, anyone can. The best 
advice I can give is if you want 
something, you have to go out 
and get it. Don’t be afraid to 
learn something new.”
Cachet Williams
Benicia Refinery  
Operations Supervisor and 
Trainer (7 years)
“There is a place for [women] 
in operations. Valero respects 
diversity and acknowledges 
their employees as a 
competitive advantage. 
The generous benefits and 
professional development 
opportunities offered give me a 
sense of belonging and make 
me feel appreciated.”
Merlys Navas
Texas City Refinery 
Operations Supervisor (12 years)
“Careers in energy are  
challenging but also very 
rewarding and full of  
opportunities to grow personally 
and professionally. I am part 
of a team that works hard and 
advances this industry, together. 
We’re on the front lines of fueling 
the modern world – and that’s 
incredibly rewarding.”
Sadari Williams
St. Charles Refinery  
Lab Technician (9 years)
“Every person’s job here is 
extremely important to keep the 
refinery running efficiently and 
to be successful. The fact that 
we are encouraged to always 
better ourselves and progress in 
knowledge and expertise shows 
Valero cares about every one of 
us.”
Penny John
Pembroke Refinery (U.K.)
Blending and Shipping Shift 
Team Leader (11 years)
“I can honestly say I have 
never had two shifts the same. 
Whether talking to vessels 
with different nationalities or 
dealing with weather or issues 
faced during the pandemic, 
these all make the job interest-
ing and keep me on my toes. 
Overcoming the challenges 
presented each day gives an 
immense job satisfaction.”
Jill Burns, Director Technology, 
and Pam Jackson, Manager 
Regional Optimization Planning, 
provide leadership for the 
Women’s Engineering Network
Women’s Engineering 
Network
The Women’s Engineering Network helps 
connect women in engineering roles 
throughout the organization, from leadership 
to early career to summer interns. More than 
130 women are engaged in this grassroots 
engineering community to focus on creating 
an environment of belonging for women in 
engineering at Valero, addressing how to 
navigate and find your voice as a woman in 
our industry, creating a network for mentorship 
and career advice, and gaining a deeper 
understanding of cultural differences as 
women in engineering. 
VALERO IS A PROUD SPONSOR

94 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   95
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
“People are at the core of our success at Valero. Investing 
in the development of our leaders is key to maintaining our 
competitive advantage. Valero’s Leadership Development 
Program provides leaders with the foundation they need to 
reach their full potential.” 
- Christine James, Director Refinery Operations,  
Valero Houston Refinery 
Developing Our Leaders
We are committed to building a strong 
learning culture, where all employees are 
supported in reaching their full potential. 
At the core of every successful Valero leader is a strong 
understanding of our business, our culture, and the people who 
drive our success. We develop our leaders to motivate, engage 
and create inclusive teams to expand our talent pipeline and 
reduce turnover.
Advancing Careers Through Customized Training
Our approach:
• Inclusive opportunities 
to develop technical 
expertise, and leadership, 
communication and  
team-building skills 
• Ongoing coaching and 
feedback
• Access to extensive 
resources for personal and 
professional growth 
• Concepts of diversity and 
inclusion woven into all 
development programs
68
HOURS OF TRAINING  
PER EMPLOYEE IN 2021
92%
RETENTION OF GLOBAL 
PEOPLE LEADERS
Program highlighting 
foundational topics to 
accelerate understanding of 
new supervisory role.
Required program building 
essential skills for managing 
and leading others. Includes 
yearlong cohort learning 
experience with an executive 
leader coach.
Program supporting 
experienced leaders with 
unique opportunities to learn 
directly from executive leaders 
first-hand experiences and 
perspectives on essential 
leadership skills.
Customized curriculum 
designed to reinforce 
expectations of field leaders to 
build strong teams and drive 
operational excellence.
Assessment based program for 
experienced leaders to enhance 
their overall effectiveness and 
understanding of leadership 
expectations.
LeaderTalks
LeaderTalks is a virtual program that offers a unique 
opportunity to hear directly from executive leaders on 
their first-hand experiences and perspectives on essential 
leadership skills and learnings from their careers. 
Executive leadership demonstrates a strong commitment 
to each employee reaching their full potential through 
their active participation and endorsement of all learning 
programs. 
SUPERVISOR TOOLKIT
THE PLAYBOOK FOR NEW SUPERVISORS
EXTRAORDINARY
LEADER
“Valero is an organization that is committed to long-
term leadership development. Our company’s resources 
and training classes help to develop and refine skills that 
are essential for effective leadership. I have also been 
given numerous opportunities to lead exceptional teams 
as we navigated real-world challenges, which tested 
my capabilities and further shaped my leadership style. 
Most importantly, I have had the privilege of working for 
outstanding leaders, who have provided mentorship, 
career guidance, and through their day-to-day actions, 
demonstrated exceptional leadership traits.” 
- Brian Donovan, Vice President U.K. Commercial Operations
91%
UTILIZED LEADERSHIP 
DEVELOPMENT TOOLS  
AND RESOURCES
84%
LEARNED A NEW SKILL
81%
NOTED PERFORMANCE 
IMPROVEMENT
100%
OF EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP 
ROLES ARE PROMOTIONS FROM 
WITHIN OUR TALENT PIPELINE
Training Impacts

96 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   97
We view our stakeholders 
as partners to whom 
we seek to deliver 
operational excellence, 
disciplined management 
of capital and long-term 
value on a foundation of 
strong governance and 
ethical standards. 
Our unique culture drives our company’s success 
and is the consistent thread that ties us all 
together. Along with our objective of advancing 
the future of transportation fuels, it is also 
important to reflect on the commitment we have 
to maintaining the highest standards of ethical 
behavior. Our strong corporate governance 
policies and practices provide accountability and 
responsiveness to our stockholders, employees, 
neighbors and other stakeholders.
GOVERNANCE
96
Our efforts have rewarded us with inclusion in several ESG indices. 
S&P 500 ESG Index
MSCI USA ESG 
Select Index
FlexShares STOXX US ESG 
Select Index
FTSE Russell USA ESG  
Low Carbon Select Index 
JUST Capital U.S. Large Cap 
Diversified Index
SSGA Gender  
Diversity Index
Morningstar Developed 
Markets Paris Aligned 
Benchmark Index
Northern Trust ESG & Climate 
US Large Cap Core Index

98 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   99
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Board of Directors
Joe Gorder
Chairman of the 
Board and CEO, 
Valero Energy 
Corporation
H. Paulett 
Eberhart
Chair and CEO,  
HMS Ventures
Deborah P. 
Majoras
Former Chief 
Legal Officer and 
Secretary, The 
Procter & Gamble 
Company
Eric D. Mullins
Chairman and CEO,  
Lime Rock Resources
Philip J. Pfeiffer
Of Counsel, Norton 
Rose Fulbright LLP,  
San Antonio
Robert A. Profusek
Partner and 
Practice Leader, 
Global Mergers and 
Acquisitions,  
Jones Day
Randall J. 
Weisenburger
Managing Member, 
Mile 26 Capital LLC; 
former EVP and CFO, 
Omnicom Group Inc.
Rayford  
Wilkins, Jr.
Former CEO-
Diversified 
Businesses, AT&T Inc.
Kimberly S. 
Greene
Chair, CEO and 
President, Southern 
Company Gas
Sen. Don Nickles
Retired U.S. Senator 
(R-Okla.) and 
Chairman and CEO, 
The Nickles Group
Fred M. Diaz
Former President, 
CEO and Chairman 
of the Board 
of Directors of 
Mitsubishi Motors 
North America, Inc.
Independent 
Directors
Fully 
Independent 
Committees
10 4
Our board of directors provides 
responsible oversight, with four 
committees composed entirely 
of independent directors: 
The Audit Committee assists the 
board in oversight of i) the integrity 
of Valero’s financial statements and 
public financial information; ii) Valero’s 
internal control over financial reporting; 
iii) Valero’s internal audit function; iv) 
compliance with legal and regulatory 
requirements with the potential to 
impact Valero’s financial statements 
or accounting policies; v) Valero’s risk 
assessment and risk management 
policies; vi) Valero’s initiatives and 
strategies respecting cybersecurity and 
IT risks; and vii) the global compliance 
program.
The Human Resources and 
Compensation Committee, renamed 
in 2022, assists the board in oversight 
of Valero’s compensation and talent 
management programs, including 
initiatives and strategies in the areas 
of DEI, human capital and leadership 
development, as well as succession 
planning for our CEO and other senior 
executives. The committee regularly 
assesses our compensation programs 
to ensure that they align with the long-
term interests of stockholders and 
are effective in retaining a talented 
workforce. 
64.6 
years*
AVERAGE AGE
4 new 
directors
SINCE 2016
1
2 Gender Race/Ethnicity
TOTAL: 6/11
Diversity of Gender 
or Race/Ethnicity
3 3
11
Tenure
<6 yrs 7-10 yrs > 11yrs
44
3
Age
50s60s70s
44
3
*Ages are as of December 31, 2021.

100 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   101
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Strong Corporate Governance 
The Chief Compliance Officer oversees our overall compliance efforts, and has the authority to report 
and communicate directly with the Audit Committee. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics mirrors 
what our company stands for, reinforcing our commitment to act with integrity toward Each Other, our 
Shareholders, the Marketplace and our Business Partners. Our corporate governance policies guide us 
as we conduct business in a fair, compliant, ethical and honest way. 
In 2021, our employees received more than 643,000 aggregate hours of training in compliance-related 
and other matters, including conduct and ethics, helpline reporting, anti-bribery, data privacy, human 
rights and information security. We provide employees, directors, business partners and others an 
external “Ethics Helpline” to address questions or report concerns about suspected or known unethical 
behavior. All reports to the helpline or otherwise are fully investigated, are confidential, can remain 
anonymous, and can be made without fear of dismissal or retaliation. Governance policies including 
our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; Corporate Governance Guidelines; Policy on Political 
Contributions, Lobbying and Trade Associations; Human Rights Policy; Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 
Policy; our Conduct Guidelines for Business Partners and other policies are published on our website at 
www.valero.com > Investors > ESG > Corporate Governance Documents.
Comprehensive Liquid Fuels Strategy
We are working to advance the future of energy with capital discipline, innovation and unmatched 
execution. We support our commitment to stockholder returns with our comprehensive liquid fuels 
strategy that drives economic growth projects and provides a viable path to an energy transition.
Capital  
DISCIPLINE
Demonstrated 
Commitment to 
Stockholders
Disciplined capital 
allocation with 
solid free cash 
flow and returns to 
stockholders across 
margin cycles.
Delivered on our 
target payout 
ratio of 40% to 50% 
of adjusted net 
cash provided by 
operating activities.
Earnings 
GROWTH
Growth 
Through 
Innovation
Growth projects 
focused on operating 
cost control, market 
expansion and 
margin improvement. 
Leveraging our global 
liquid fuels platform 
to expand our long-
term competitive 
advantage with 
investments in 
economic low-
carbon projects. 
Have applied a 
minimum after-tax 
internal rate of return 
(IRR) hurdle rate for 
projects.
Operations
Unmatched 
Execution with a 
Proven History 
of Operational 
Excellence
Safe, reliable, 
responsible 
operations have 
driven higher 
profitability and  
lower volatility. 
The lowest-cost 
operator among 
peer group while 
maintaining first-
quartile operating 
performance. 
Applying liquid fuels 
manufacturing 
expertise to optimize 
our low-carbon fuels 
businesses.
Executive
COMPENSATION
Alignment of 
Executive Pay 
with Company 
Performance 
and Long-term 
Stockholder 
Value Creation
Link superior 
company 
performance and 
executive pay.
Link ESG and  
climate-related goals 
and executive pay.
Alignment of interests 
of executives and 
stockholders.
Balance of 
compensation over 
short- and long-term 
periods.
Retention of top 
executive talent.
“An ethical workplace doesn’t ‘just happen.’ It takes 
consistent hard work and commitment from all of us. We 
also expect our business partners and individuals working 
on our behalf to be guided by these standards.” 
- Joe Gorder, Chairman and CEO
The Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee, renamed in 
2022, assists the board in its oversight 
responsibilities with respect to 
corporate governance risks, including 
those concerning governance policies 
and practices such as related-
party transactions. The committee 
is responsible for identifying and 
recommending individuals qualified to 
become directors, overseeing annual 
performance self-evaluations, and 
developing and maintaining Valero’s 
new director orientation and director 
continuing education programs. 
3
4
The Sustainability and Public 
Policy Committee was created 
in 2022 to further enhance the 
board’s oversight structure and 
efforts with respect to i) ESG; ii) 
sustainability and climate-related 
risks and opportunities; iii) HSE 
matters; iv) corporate responsibility 
and reputation management; v) 
social, community and public policy 
initiatives; vi) political and lobbying 
activities; and vii) compliance with 
legal and regulatory requirements for 
the operations of the company.
Valero’s energy strategy is a priority and focus for the full board. In fact, our energy 
transition strategy was the key topic at our annual strategic planning meeting in 
2021, which lasted three days and featured presentations from outside third-party 
experts on climate, liquid fuels, energy transition and policy matters.
See page 111 for notes regarding this page 
and for non-GAAP disclosures.

102 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   103
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Linkage of Executive 
Compensation and ESG 
and Climate Change 
Metrics
Annual Bonus Plan 
Valero has historically included health, safety and 
environmental (HSE) performance measures as part 
of the metrics of its annual bonus program. In 2020, 
the Human Resources and Compensation Committee 
approved a modification to our annual bonus program 
to also include ESG efforts and improvements, which 
contain multiple objectives.
Operational Component, includes a HSE component 
weighted at 13.33%.
Strategic Component, weighted at 20%, includes: 
• ESG efforts and improvements (sustainability, 
environmental stewardship, diversity and inclusion, 
compliance and corporate citizenship/community).
• Operational excellence (execution of capital 
projects, margin improvement and market 
expansion, and cost management and expense 
control).
• Disciplined use of capital (balanced utilization of 
sustaining and growth capital vs. target).
• Organizational excellence (innovation, public policy 
and leadership development).
• Returns to stockholders (return cash to stockholders 
through dividends and stock buybacks).
Long-term Incentive Program 
In 2021, our Human Resources and Compensation 
Committee strengthened the ties between executive 
compensation and ESG priorities through the addition of 
an energy transition modifier to our long-term incentive 
program, tying executive compensation with our publicly 
disclosed GHG emissions reduction/displacement target 
for 2025 and the deployment of capital to low-carbon 
projects and initiatives.
Stakeholder 
Engagement
Our efforts to engage with stakeholders follow a 
“review, plan, engage and analyze and respond” 
cycle, with the following characteristics: 
Proactive 
Ongoing engagement with 
stakeholders is important to us. 
Along with responding to inquiries, 
we utilize a proactive program 
that seeks robust communication. 
Consistent Dialogue
As part of our engagement efforts, 
we value our stakeholders’ views, 
and their input is important to us. 
We provide management and the 
board with insight on issues and 
initiatives that are priorities for our 
stakeholders. 
Process 
By following our engagement 
process, we have built 
relationships and created 
meaningful interactions. 
Assessment 
We are constantly looking for 
ways to improve our engagement 
process to reflect and include 
stakeholder needs and business 
strategies.
Political  
Engagement 
We believe that constructive 
engagement in the political 
system serves the best 
interests of our stockholders, 
employees, neighbors and other 
stakeholders. 
In 2021, Valero enhanced 
its disclosures on political 
engagement, including board 
oversight, political participation 
and advocacy through trade 
associations. In addition, the 
company conducted a review of 
climate lobbying activities, which 
found that the relevant trade 
associations were substantially 
aligned with, or were in the 
process of aligning with, Valero’s 
vision of providing affordable 
and sustainable energy, while 
reducing GHG emissions. For 
more information on political 
engagement, visit our website 
at www.valero.com > Investors > 
ESG > Political Engagement.
Diversity search policies are in place that require that the initial list of 
candidates include diverse candidates for both board nominees and external 
searches for executive officers. For more information, visit our website at  
www.valero.com > Investors > ESG > Corporate Governance Documents.

104 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   105
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Area Initiatives
Equitable 
Education
• Tutoring programs and STEM-related skills.
• Career and skill development opportunities that lead to living wage 
jobs. 
• Digital inclusion to provide affordable access to quality technology and 
connectivity.
Economic 
Opportunity
• Supplier diversity programs. 
• Robust services and training to small businesses. 
• Accelerate dual-generation efforts, including subsidizing early 
childhood education and adult education, such as financial coaching, 
workforce training, certification programs, digital literacy programs, etc. 
Safety and  
Justice
• Wraparound services and violence prevention.
• Internships for justice-involved youth and young adults to advance 
fair-chance hiring and create pathways for successful community 
reintegration.
Stockholders 
With our stockholders, we aim to 
maintain an open and consistent 
dialogue throughout the year 
to respond to their priorities and receive their 
feedback on different matters. 
Indigenous Tribes
We work with indigenous tribes 
to preserve sites with biodiverse, 
historical, cultural and spiritual 
significance. For instance, during the construction 
of the Diamond Pipeline in Oklahoma and 
Arkansas, 23 indigenous communities were 
contacted to participate in the permitting 
process. After a consultation process, more than 
200 locations were identified to require tribal and 
archaeological surveying along the 440-mile 
route.
Neighbors
In community engagement, our 
environmental justice policy has 
led our efforts aiming to treat our 
fence-line neighbors fairly, regardless of race, 
color, national origin, culture or income. We work 
to ensure our neighbors have an opportunity 
to understand our proposed activities and to 
provide them with a meaningful opportunity 
to have their concerns heard, with the goal 
of providing them with greater comfort in our 
operations.
Government Officials
At local, state and federal levels, 
we work closely with government 
officials to share information 
about our business and 
understand public policies. Government officials 
are invited to our refineries and plants to learn 
about our operations, products and contributions, 
and their impact on the communities. 
Nongovernmental 
Organizations (NGOs) 
Valero is committed to constructive 
dialogue with NGOs to better 
understand and address their concerns. For 
instance, as part the permitting of the coker 
project in our refinery in Port Arthur, Texas, we 
engaged with multiple NGOs in the area to 
provide them with details on this capital project, 
including the improvement of efficiency and the 
strengthening of the refinery to ensure economic 
development to the area for years to come. 
Industry and Business 
Partners
Valero encourages responsible 
business development and 
works with industry and business partners to see 
that environmental, employee, social, health, 
governance and ethical concerns are addressed.
In 2021, Valero became a founding business member of the Corporate Partners for Racial 
Equity with a mission of improving racial equity in the San Antonio area. The initiative 
raised more than $13.5 million to support three focus areas: Equitable Education, Economic 
Opportunity, and Community Safety and Justice.
Our engagement program includes dialogue with stakeholders ranging from stockholders and 
regulatory agencies to community organizers. 
JUST Capital’s 2022 rankings of America’s 
largest publicly traded companies has 
Valero ranked 4th of 19 
Oil & Gas companies,
recognizing our efforts in driving positive 
change on pressing social issues.

106 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   107
SAFETY COMMUNITY PEOPLE GOVERNANCEENVIRONMENT
Supply Chain and Business Partners
In 2021, Valero spent approximately $1.8 billion on sustaining and growth projects. 
Our business partners are critical to our success and reliability. We work collaboratively to promote 
optimal performance and mutual success by embracing the highest standards of responsible 
operations. 
With our Conduct Guidelines for Business Partners, we reflect our expectations of high ethical 
standards and the unwavering requirement to act with integrity. We expect our business partners 
to commit to uphold Valero’s reputation as a company with high standards of business ethics and 
conduct, including in the following areas:
• Anti-bribery and anti-
corruption.
• Fair employment 
practices.
• Human rights.
• Antitrust.
• Gifts and entertainment.
Cybersecurity 
In 2022, the Audit Committee amended 
its charter to formalize its oversight 
responsibilities concerning Valero’s 
initiatives and strategies respecting 
cybersecurity and IT risks. At least once 
annually, our Senior Vice President 
and Chief Technology Officer and the 
head of our Internal Audit team provide 
a report to the Audit Committee on 
Valero’s information security operations, 
structure and framework; various 
cyber and IT security metrics; Valero’s 
cybersecurity management program, 
improvement efforts and future 
projects; and Valero’s governance and 
assessments related to cyber and IT 
security.
Institutional Investor Magazine 
Names Valero ‘Most Honored,’ with 
the CEO and CFO Among Top Named 
Executives
For the sixth year in a row, Institutional Investor magazine named Valero 
among its “Most Honored Companies,” based on results across several 
categories of its “2022 All-America Executive Team” rankings. Joe Gorder, 
Valero Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, ranked Best CEO by the sell-
side analysts in the integrated oil sector. Jason Fraser, Valero Executive 
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, also ranked among top CFOs in 
the integrated oil sector. Homer Bhullar, Valero Vice President of Investor 
Relations and Finance, ranked Best IR professional by sell-side analysts in 
the integrated oil sector. 
Valero ranked among top-two overall (buy-side and sell-side analysts 
combined) for Best IR Team, IR Program, ESG, and Crisis Management of 
COVID-19 categories.
• Information security.
• Conflicts of interest.
• Government contracting.
• Intellectual property.
• Corporate recordkeeping.
• Small business 
engagement.
• Insider trading.
• Data privacy.
• Health, safety and 
environmental.
• International trade 
regulations.
We have processes in place to vet our business 
partners to determine their compliance. Our 
business partners are critical to our success and 
reliability, and we work collaboratively with them 
to promote optimal performance and mutual 
success with safety and security protocols 
and programs in connection with the services 
they provide. At the same time, we require our 
business partners to comply with all federal, state 
and local laws, and rules, regulations, codes and 
ordinances. They are accountable for complying 
with the expectations of our policies and 
procedures, including, but not limited to, those 
related to health, safety and the environment, 
respect for human rights and employee rights, 
conflicts of interest, and anti-bribery and anti-
corruption. Moreover, we have reflected these 
requirements and expectations in our Conduct 
Guidelines for Business Partners, published in 
2021.
Joe Gorder
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer
Homer Bhullar
Vice President 
Investor Relations 
and Finance 
See page 111 for notes regarding this page and for non-GAAP disclosures.
Jason Fraser
Executive Vice 
President and Chief 
Financial Officer
The publication determined the rankings from 
votes of nearly 3,500 money managers, sell-
side researchers and buy-side analysts, who 
were asked to rate the companies they believe 
demonstrate excellence in certain categories or 
performance attributes. 
Companies that earn two or more top-three 
appearances in the seven distinct ranking 
categories are recognized as a “Most Honored 
Company.” Out of over 1,500 companies receiving 
votes, less than 10% earned the “Most Honored” 
distinction.

108 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   109
SASB Report
This report aligns our performance data with the 
recommendations of the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) framework in the Oil & Gas – 
Refining & Marketing industry standard.
Topic Accounting Metric Code 2021 Valero
Critical 
Incident Risk 
Management
Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary 
Containment (LOPC) of greater consequence (Tier 1) 
and lesser consequence (Tier 2)
EM-RM-540a.1 Tier 1 process safety: 0.05 
Tier 2 process safety: 0.16
Activity Metric
Refining throughput of crude oil and other 
feedstocks EM-RM-000.A 1,017.3 million barrels of oil equivalent (BOE)
Refining operating capacity EM-RM-000.B 3.15 million barrels per calendar day (MBPD)
Due to lack of data, relevancy in our business or competitive nature, as applicable, we have 
opted for not disclosing the following topics:
• Product Specifications & Clean Fuel Blends, Percentage of Renewable Volume Obligation 
(RVO) met through: (1) production of renewable fuels and (2) purchase of “separated” 
renewable identification numbers (RIN), code EM-RM-410a.1.
• Product Specification & Clean Fuel Blends, total addressable market and share of market 
for advanced biofuels and associated infrastructure, code EM-RM-410a.2.
• Pricing Integrity & Transparency, code EM-RM-520a.1.
• Critical Incident Risk Management - Challenges to Safety Systems indicator rate (Tier 3), 
code EM-RM-540a.2.
• Critical Incident Risk Management - Discussion of measurement of Operating Discipline 
and Management System Performance through Tier 4 Indicators, code EM-RM-540a.3.
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
EM-RM-110a.1:
• Actual global refinery GHG emissions (Scope 1) related to 15 refineries as reported and 
complying with applicable regulations in the United States, United Kingdom and Canada, 
and converted into a CO2 equivalency following the methodology of the Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Fifth Assessment Report (2014).
• Valero’s refining reportable segment (see our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 5), 
includes the operations of our 15 petroleum refineries, the associated activities to market 
our refined petroleum products and the logistics assets that support those operations 
(refining logistics assets). The GHG emissions Scope 1 and 2 related to the refining logistics 
assets are de minimis and account for less than 0.25% of Valero's refining reportable 
segment. 
• Percentage of global refinery GHG emissions (Scope 1) covered under an emissions-
limiting regulation that is intended to directly reduce emissions, including the California 
Cap-and-Trade Program, the United Kingdom Emissions Trading Scheme, Quebec Cap-
and-Trade System, and the U.S. federal New Source Review (NSR) permitting program for 
greenhouse gases.
• Global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions represent more than 99.75% of the refining 
reportable segment’s (Standards Application Guidance - 3.0 Reporting Boundaries) Scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions.
EM-RM-110a.2:
• Base year (2011) includes:
• Refinery sales, acquisitions and closures were accounted for following SASB guidelines 
in the calculation of global refinery emissions (Scope 1).
• Global refinery GHG emissions (Scope 2 market-based) from purchased electricity and 
steam calculated using EPA-derived steam emissions factors and energy supplier-
specific emissions factors.
• The accuracy and reliability of the data and information, as well as the conformance 
with World Resources Institute / World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A corporate accounting and reporting standard, with respect 
to 2011 gross global refinery GHG emissions Scope 1 and 2 were verified by Lloyd’s Register 
Quality Assurance, Inc. (LRQA), an independent third-party and an affiliate of Lloyd’s 
Register North America, Inc. Besides issuing an independent assurance statement on the 
accuracy and reliability of our global refinery GHG emissions Scope 1 and 2 in 2011 (base), 
LRQA issued an assurance statement on our global refinery GHG emissions Scope 1 and 2 in 
2019, 2020 and 2021. We intend to continue getting independent assurance statements on 
our global refinery GHG emissions each year. A copy of LRQA’s assurance statement can 
be found at the end of this Report. 
• Target years 2025 and 2035 and Performance to Date:
• In setting each of our 2025 and 2035 targets and in assessing our ability to reach 
these targets, estimated global refinery GHG emissions (Scope 1), and estimated GHG 
emissions (Scope 2) from purchased electricity and steam in future years are based on 
a combination of measured and estimated emissions data using available information, 
including the anticipated emissions reductions derived from operational improvements 
(Scope 1) and energy suppliers (Scope 2).
• Estimated displacements of GHG emissions for future years are based on measured 
and estimated data with respect to the anticipated amount of renewable fuels 
produced, the level of global renewable fuels blending and the number of renewable 
fuels credits from renewable fuels, using currently available information and our 
estimations of anticipated carbon intensity as well as carbon capture and storage 
projects under evaluation.
• Global refinery GHG emissions reduction target of 63% by 2025 is the combination 
of: (1) the absolute reduction of global refinery GHG emissions Scope 1 and 2 by 2025 
(against 2011 base year); (2) the GHG emissions displacement by the production of our 
lower carbon fuels ethanol and renewable diesel in 2025; and (3) the GHG emissions 
displacement by global blending of and credits from renewable fuels in 2025. When 
calculating the displacement from blending and to avoid double counting, our 
renewable fuel production that contributes to our blending obligation is not included. At 
least annually, all components of this target are verified and/or audited by third parties. 
• In addition to the components of the 63% target by 2025, the global refinery GHG 
emissions reduction target of 100% by 2035 includes carbon capture projects under 
development.
• The calculation of displacements of GHG emissions by low-carbon fuels that are used 
in assessing our actual progress to date in meeting the 2025 target are based on a 
combination of publicly reported low-carbon fuels production amounts, renewable fuels 
blending levels and the number of renewable fuels credits from renewable fuels, and the 
carbon intensity from low-carbon fuels we produce and sell or blend as well as from the 
low-carbon fuels we purchase and blend. 
• Carbon intensity estimations for actual progress and future years are based on market-
based carbon intensity calculations based on the verifications and audits of applicable 
jurisdictions where these low-carbon fuels are sold as well as two sources of low-carbon 
life cycle GHG emissions analysis models, the California Air Resources Board’s GREET3.0 
2020 used by California’s Low Carbon Fuel Standard (LCFS); and the Argonne National 
Laboratory GREET3.0 2020 (ethanol) and 2019 (biodiesel) models and published papers.
• As the operator of the consolidated entity (Standards Application Guidance -3.0 
Reporting Boundaries), displacements of GHG emissions from the lower carbon intensity 
of renewable diesel include the entire production of renewable diesel of the consolidated 
entities.
Air Quality
EM-RM-120a.2: global refineries located in or near areas of dense population, which are defined 
as urbanized areas with a population greater than 50,000.
Water Management
EM-RM-140a.1: (1) Total fresh water withdrawn by global refinery operations (fresh water with less 
than 1000 parts per million of dissolved solids); (2) water recycled divided by the volume of fresh 
water withdrawn. Water reused multiple times is counted as recycled each time it is recycled 
and reused; (3) fresh water withdrawn in locations with high (40-80%) or extremely high (>80%) 
baseline water stress as a percentage of the total refinery fresh water withdrawn.
EM-RM-140a.2: In measuring the number of instances of non-compliance in any calendar year 
that resulted in formal enforcement actions we look to the views of the SEC and define such 
number to be the amount of environmental proceedings which occurred during that calendar 
year that are (i) based on non-compliance with water quality permits, standards or regulations 
and (ii) required to be disclosed pursuant to Regulation S-K 103 (applying the lowest numerical 
disclosure threshold in effect at the time). Please see Valero’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q 
and 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Hazardous Materials Management
EM-RM-150a.1:
• Hazardous waste amounts based on calculated dehydrated hazardous constituents from 
wastewater disposed in underground injection controls at our McKee refinery.
EM-RM-150a.2:
• Valero currently has 6 operating refining USTs none of which had any known releases or 
reimbursement fund claims during the reporting period. Valero also owns 20 retail USTs 
that are independently operated by third parties. While Valero does not operate those USTs, 
Valero is not aware of any releases or reimbursement fund claims related to these USTs 
during the reporting period. Valero also brands independently owned and operated service 
stations that may have USTs but Valero is not involved in the operation or remediation 
obligations of such USTs. Finally, Valero has, in certain circumstances, assumed or retained 
liability for legacy service stations sites, which may have remedial obligations but any 
related USTs remaining at those sites are owned and operated by a third party who is 
responsible for their operation.
Workforce Health & Safety
EM-RM-320a.1: (1)(a)/(b) global refining employee and contractor total recordable incident 
rate (TRIR), which includes recordable injuries per 200,000 working hours, as defined by the U.S. 
Department of Labor’s Occupational Safety and Health Administration; (2)(a)/(b) fatality rate 
for work-related fatalities for global refining employees and contractors; (3) NMFR data is not 
available.
Critical Incident Risk Management
EM-RM-540a.1: global refining Tier 1 process safety event (PSE) rates and Tier 2 PSE rates as 
defined by the American Petroleum Institute RP-754.
Activity Metric
EM-RM-000.A and EM-RM-000.B: total combined average throughput volumes on an annual 
basis (See Valero’s 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K, page 46).
Global Footnotes for SASB Data
(a) The performance data presented is based on the company’s interpretation and judgment 
of the SASB framework in the Oil & Gas – Refining & Marketing industry standard. References to 
specific SASB Code numbers do not indicate the application of any or all definitions, metrics, 
measurements, standards or approaches set forth in the SASB framework.
(b) SASB standards are not intended to, and cannot, replace any legal or regulatory 
requirements that may be applicable to the company’s operations.
Topic Accounting Metric Code 2021 Valero
Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions
Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage covered 
under emissions-limiting regulations EM-RM-110a.1
23.7 million metric tons CO2e
100%
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy 
or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions 
reduction targets, and an analysis of performance 
against those targets
EM-RM-110a.2
Valero’s performance in 2021 puts the company on 
track to reach 63% reduction and displacement of 
global refinery GHG emissions Scope 1 and 2 by 2025.
Valero plans to further reduce/displace 100% of its 
global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 
2035 through board-approved projects and carbon 
sequestration projects under development.
Air Quality
Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOx 
(excluding N2O), (2) SOx, (3) particulate matter 
(PM10), (4) H2S, and (5) volatile organic compounds 
(VOCs)
EM-RM-120a.1
(1) NOx: 8,400 metric tons 
(2) SOx: 7,600 metric tons 
(3) PM10: 2,600 metric tons 
(4) H2S: De minimis 
(5) VOCs: 7,500 metric tons
Number of refineries in or near areas of dense 
population EM-RM-120a.2 11
Water 
Management
(1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) percentage 
recycled, (3) percentage in regions with High or 
Extremely High Baseline Water Stress
EM-RM-140a.1
(1) 175 million m3 
(2) 1,717% 
(3) 18.7%
Number of incidents of non-compliance associated 
with water quality permits, standards, and 
regulations
EM-RM-140a.2 Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 3 (page 32)
Hazardous 
Materials 
Management
Amount of hazardous waste generated, percentage 
recycled EM-RM-150a.1
(1) 50,400 metric tons 
(2) recycled hazardous waste without incineration: 
27%; recycled hazardous waste with incineration of 
waste fuels: 55%
(1) Number of underground storage tanks (USTs), (2) 
number of UST releases requiring cleanup, and (3) 
percentage in states with UST financial assurance 
funds
EM-RM-150a.2
(1) Six 
(2) 0 
(3) 0
Workforce 
Health & 
Safety
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality 
rate, and (3) near miss frequency rate (NMFR) for (a) 
full-time employees and (b) contract employees
EM-RM-320a.1
(1) (a) Global refining TRIR Employee: 0.21 
(1) (b) Global refining TRIR Contractor: 0.26 
(2) (a) Global refining Fatality Rate Employee: 0.00 
(2) (b) Global refining Fatality Rate Contractor: 0.01
Discussion of management systems used to 
integrate a culture of safety EM-RM-320a.2 ESG Report (pages 40-55)
Management 
of the Legal & 
Regulatory 
Environment
Discussion of corporate positions related to 
government regulations and/or policy proposals 
that address environmental and social factors 
affecting the industry
EM-RM-530a.1
2021 TCFD Report and Scenario Analysis
Annual Report on Form 10-K, Item 1A (pages 17-31)

110 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT  •   111
Capital investments attributable to Valero
Capital investments attributable to Valero is a non-GAAP financial 
measure that reflects our net share of capital investments and is 
defined as all capital expenditures, deferred turnaround and catalyst 
cost expenditures, and investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures, 
excluding the portion of DGD’s capital investments attributable to 
the other joint venture member and all of the capital expenditures of 
other consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs). 
We are a 50 percent joint venture member in DGD and consolidate 
its financial statements. As a result, all of DGD’s net cash provided 
by operating activities (or operating cash flow) is included in our 
consolidated net cash provided by operating activities. DGD’s 
members use DGD’s operating cash flow (excluding changes in its 
current assets and current liabilities) to fund its capital investments 
rather than distribute all of that cash to themselves. Because DGD’s 
operating cash flow is effectively attributable to each member, only 
50 percent of DGD’s capital investments should be attributed to our 
net share of capital investments. We also exclude all of the capital 
expenditures of other VIEs that we consolidate because we do not 
operate those VIEs. We believe capital investments attributable to 
Valero is an important measure because it more accurately reflects 
our capital investments. 
Capital investments attributable to Valero should not be considered 
as an alternative to capital investments, which is the most 
comparable GAAP measure, nor should it be considered in isolation 
or as a substitute for an analysis of our cash flows as reported under 
GAAP. In addition, this non-GAAP measure may not be comparable to 
similarly titled measures used by other companies because we may 
define it differently, which may diminish its utility.
Reconciliation of Total Capital Investments to 
Capital Investments Attributable to Valero (in 
millions)
2021 2020
Capital expenditures (excluding VIEs)  $ 513  $ 1,014
Capital expenditures of VIEs:
DGD  $ 1,042  $ 523
Other VIEs  $ 110  $ 251
Deferred turnaround and catalyst cost 
expenditures (excluding VIEs)  $ 787  $ 623
Deferred turnaround and catalyst cost 
expenditures of DGD  $ 6  $ 25
Investments in nonconsolidated joint ventures  $ 9  $ 54
Total capital investments  $ 2,467  $ 2,490
Adjustments:
DGD's capital investments attributable to our 
joint venture member  $ (524)  $ (274)
Capital expenditures of other VIEs  $ (110)  $ (251)
Capital investments attributable to Valero  $ 1,833  $ 1,965
Hispanic or 
Latino
Not Hispanic or Latino
Overall 
Totals
Male Female
Job 
Categories Male Female White
Black or 
African 
American
Native 
Hawaiian 
or Pacific 
Islander
Asian
American 
Indian or 
Alaska 
Native
Two or 
More 
Races
White
Black or 
African 
American
Native 
Hawaiian 
or Pacific 
Islander
Asian
American 
Indian or 
Alaska 
Native
Two or 
More 
Races
Executive/Sr 
Officials & Mgrs 0 1 11 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 14
First/Mid  
Officials & Mgrs 166 83 1,048 48 4 51 6 10 195 16 0 15 0 3 1,645
Professionals 228 272 774 30 0 109 5 22 372 41 1 43 4 17 1,918
Technicians 70 15 126 14 1 20 5 2 40 15 0 8 0 1 317
Sales Workers 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Administrative 
Support 27 100 61 9 0 4 0 0 125 15 3 7 2 3 356
Craft Workers 210 1 726 57 2 23 8 9 5 5 1 0 0 0 1,047
Operatives 636 23 1,661 284 4 54 31 45 73 29 3 2 8 2,853
Laborers & 
Helpers 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Service Workers 14 5 16 3 0 1 0 3 1 1 0 0 0 0 44
TOTAL 1,351 500 4,423 445 11 263 55 91 812 122 5 76 8 32 8,194
PREVIOUS 
REPORT TOTAL 1,344 493 4,602 428 13 250 53 85 832 122 3 81 9 30 8,345
Adjusted Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
Defined as net cash provided by operating activities excluding the items noted below . Valero believes adjusted net cash provided by operating activities is an important measure of its ongoing 
financial performance to better assess its ability to generate cash to fund Valero’s investing and financing activities. The basis for Valero’s belief with respect to each excluded item is provided below. 
• Changes in current assets and current liabilities – Current assets net of current liabilities represents Valero’s operating liquidity. Valero believes that the change in its operating liquidity from period 
to period does not represent cash generated by Valero’s operations that is available to fund Valero’s investing and financing activities.
• DGD’s adjusted net cash provided by operating activities attributable to the other joint venture member’s ownership interest in DGD – Valero is a 50/50 joint venture member in DGD and 
consolidates DGD’s financial statements; as a result, all of DGD’s net cash provided by operating activities (or operating cash flow) is included in Valero’s consolidated net cash provided by 
operating activities. DGD’s members use DGD’s operating cash flow (excluding changes in its current assets and current liabilities) to fund its capital investments rather than distribute all of that 
cash to themselves. Nevertheless, DGD’s operating cash flow is effectively attributable to each member and only 50 percent of DGD’s operating cash flow should be attributed to Valero's net cash 
provided by operating activities. Therefore, net cash provided by operating activities has been adjusted for the portion of DGD’s operating cash flow attributable to the other joint venture member’s 
ownership interest because Valero believes that it more accurately reflects the operating cash flow available to Valero to fund Valero’s investing and financing activities.
Notes from Page 9: Valero published the 2021 TCFD Report and Scenario Analysis following the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). A copy of this report 
is available on our website at www.valero.com > Investors > ESG.
Valero uses third parties to conduct GHG emissions, carbon intensity and fuel compliance verifications. Governments across the world with cap-and-trade and low-carbon fuel policies that purchase 
our low-carbon fuels require independent third-party assurance of our GHG emissions and the carbon intensity of our products. For instance, California requires the mandatory verification of GHG 
emissions data reports as well as low-carbon fuels. Verification services are performed by qualified and trained third-party verifiers. We engaged Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Inc., an affiliate of 
Lloyd’s Register North America Inc., to evaluate and issue an assurance statement on the accuracy and reliability of our global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions.
Notes from Page 14: Southwest Research Institute Ted Talk, presented by Graham Conway. Life cycle emissions from EVs are significant from mining raw materials to fabrication to delivery to the 
showroom. Two times as much CO2 emissions are generated compared to cars fueled by gasoline. Before it leaves the showroom, 12 tons of CO2 emissions have already been generated vs. 6 tons of 
CO2 emissions from cars fueled by gasoline. 
Notes from Page 15: U.S. Heavy-Duty Long-Haul Vehicle (HDV) Life Cycle Emissions study conducted by Southwest Research Institute – “Life Cycle Analysis Report” (2021). Class 8 heavy-duty truck with 
a 1,000,000 mile (~15 years) lifetime, electric truck with a 500-mile battery range, electricity based on 2019 EIA average mix, one battery replacement, and diesel engine running on 100% waste oil based 
renewable diesel. Embedded emissions captures the emissions involved in the manufacturing, assembly and production of the vehicle as well as maintenance items over the lifetime of the vehicle 
such as battery, fluids, ADR (assembly, disposal and recycling), and components.
Notes from Page 36: Data Verification. Valero uses third parties to conduct GHG emissions, carbon intensity and fuel compliance verifications. Governments across the world with cap-and-trade and 
low-carbon fuel policies require independent third-party assurance of our GHG emissions and the carbon intensity of our products. For instance, California requires the mandatory verification of GHG 
emissions data reports as well as low-carbon fuels. Verification services are performed by qualified and trained third-party verifiers. We engaged Lloyd’s Register Quality Assurance Inc., an affiliate of 
Lloyd’s Register North America Inc., to evaluate and issue an assurance statement on the accuracy and reliability of our global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. We intend to continue attaining 
assurance statements on our global refinery GHG emissions each year.
Valero’s Net Scope 3 Intensity was calculated using Valero’s reported GHG emissions in 2021 under the EPA 40 CFR Part 98 netted for avoided emissions and emissions reductions from low-carbon fuels 
displacement of petroleum-based fuels and carbon capture, divided by total refining throughput, and ethanol and renewable diesel production. Avoided emissions are determined using the total 
produced and purchased/blended ethanol, renewable diesel and biodiesel volumes converted to energy-equivalent volumes of gasoline and diesel and multiplied by the corresponding emissions 
factors. Emissions reductions include carbon capture initiatives. GHG emissions for the refineries in Canada and the U.K. were calculated in conformance with EPA 40 CFR Part 98 methodology. 
Peer group consists of publicly listed independent pure play refiners. Net Scope 3 Intensity for the peer group was calculated using company reported 2021 GHG emissions, if publicly available, or 
otherwise 2020 GHG emissions (latest reported GHG emissions) under the EPA 40 CFR Part 98 netted for avoided emissions from low-carbon fuels displacement of petroleum-based fuels, if publicly 
available or based on an assumed blending and credits for 10% ethanol and the U.S. national average of 4.4% for biodiesel and renewable diesel divided by total refining throughput, and actual ethanol, 
biodiesel and/or renewable diesel production as disclosed in publicly available financial statements for the same year as the peer latest reported GHG emissions. 
There is not currently any standardized methodology for calculating Scope 3 emissions and the inherent unreliability of Scope 3 calculations may be of limited value. While our Net Scope 3 Intensity 
calculations include data reported under EPA 40 CFR Part 98, Net Scope 3 Intensity itself is not based on any standardized industry methodology and is not necessarily calculated in the same manner 
or comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies, including the peer group, or estimates published by third parties.
Notes from Page 54: Sustaining Capex and Growth Capital Investments Atrributable to Valero are available on our website at www.valero.com > Investors > Events & Presentations > Investor 
Presentation.
Non-GAAP Disclosures and Notes
The data below corresponds to the 2021 U.S. Equal 
Employment Opportunity Employee Information (EEO-1) 
Report (which we intend to file in 2022). The EEO-1 Report 
is a compliance report mandated by federal statute and 
regulations. The survey requires company employment 
data to be categorized by race/ethnicity, gender and job 
category. Please note that the job categories differ in the 
way we categorize jobs and track Diversity, Equality and 
Inclusion progress at Valero.  
EEO-1 Report
Year ended December 31

112
Valero Energy Corporation  
P.O. Box 696000, San Antonio, TX 78269
Printed in the U.S.A.
Valero.com
RIGHT NOW 
AT VALERO
RENEWABLE 
DIESEL
ETHANOL SUSTAINABLE 
AVIATION FUEL
LOW-CARBON 
HYDROGEN
RENEWABLE 
PROPANE
RENEWABLE 
NAPHTHA
RENEWABLE 
ARCTIC  
DIESEL
FIBER 
CELLULOSIC 
ETHANOL
CARBON 
CAPTURE AND 
STORAGE
Digital Copy
Watch our  
RIGHT NOW Videos

. 
 Page 1 of 2  
 
LRQA Independent Assurance Statement 
Relating to Valero Energy Corporation’s GHG Inventory for the Calendar Year 2021 
 
This Assurance Statement has been prepared for Valero Energy Corporation , in accordance with our contract.  
 
Terms of Engagement 
LRQA was commissioned by Valero Services Inc. to provide independent assurance of Valero Energy Corporation’s 
(Valero’s) greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions inventory (“the Inventory”) for the calen dar year (CY) 2021 against the 
assurance criteria below to a limited level of assurance and materiality of the professional judgement of the verifier 
using LRQA’s verification procedure and ISO 14064 - Part 3 for greenhouse gas emissions. LRQA ’s verificati on 
procedure is based on current best practise and is in accordance with ISAE 3000 and ISAE 3410.  
 
Our assurance engagement covered Valero’s operations at their refineries , using the operational control 
consolidation methodology, and specifically the following requirements: 
• Verifying conformance with: 
• World Resources Institute / World Business Council for Sustainable Development Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol: A corporate accounting and reporting standard, revised edition (otherwise referred to as the 
WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol) for the GHG data 1; 
• Evaluating the accuracy and reliability of data and information for only the selected indicators listed below:  
• Direct (Scope 1) and Energy Indirect (Scope 2) GHG Emissions. 
 
The Inventory excludes emissions of Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), Perfluorocarbons (PFCs), Sulfur hexafluoride (SF6) 
and Nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) on the basis of their de minimis contribution to the em issions inventory. 
 
LRQA’s responsibility is only to Valero.  LRQA disclaims any liability or responsibility to others as explained in the end 
footnote. Valero’s responsibility is for collecting, aggregating, analysing and presenting all the data and infor mation 
within the Report and for maintaining effective internal controls over the systems from which the Inventory is derived.  
Ultimately, the Inventory has been approved by, and remains the responsibility of Valero. 
 
LRQA’s Opinion 
Based on LRQA’s approach nothing has come to our attention that would cause us to believe that Valero has not, in 
all material respects: 
• Met the requirements of the criteria listed above; and 
• Disclosed accurate and reliable performance data and information as summarized in Table 1 below.  
The opinion expressed is formed on the basis of a limited level of assurance2 and at the materiality of the professional 
judgement of the verifier.  
 
 
1.  http://www.ghgprotocol.org/ 
2.  The extent of evidence-gathering for a limited assurance engagement is less than for a reasonable assurance engagement.  Limited assurance 
engagements focus on aggregated data rather than physically checking source data at sites.  Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a 
limited assurance engagement is lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been 
performed.

. 
 Page 2 of 2  
Table 1. Summary of Valero’s GHG Emissions Inventory for CY 2021:  
Parameter Quantity Units 
Scope 1 GHG emissions 23.67 Million tonnes CO2e 
Scope 2 GHG emissions (Location-based)1 4.99 Million tonnes CO2e 
Scope 2 GHG emissions (Market-based)1 4.86 Million tonnes CO2e 
1. Scope 2, Location-based and Scope 2, Market-based are defined in the GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance, 
2015. 
 
LRQA’s Approach 
LRQA’s assurance engagements are carried out in accordance with our verification procedure.  Th e following tasks 
were undertaken as part of the evidence gathering process for this assurance engagement:  
• interviewing relevant employees of the organization responsible for managing GHG emissions and 
environmental data and records;  
• assessing Valero’s d ata management systems to confirm they are designed to prevent significant errors, 
omissions or mis -statements in the Inventory.  We did this by reviewing the effectiveness of data handling 
procedures, instructions and systems, including those for in ternal quality control; and 
• verifying historical GHG emissions data and records at an aggregated level  for the calendar years 2021. 
 
LRQA’s Standards, Competence and Independence 
LRQA implements and maintains a comprehensive management system that meets accreditation requirements for 
ISO 14065 Greenhouse gases – Requirements for greenhouse gas validation and verification bodies for use in 
accreditation or other forms of recognition  and ISO/IEC 17021 Conformity assessment – Requirements for bodies 
providing audit and certification of management systems  that are at least as demanding as the requirements of  the 
International Standard on Quality Control 1 and comply with the Code of Eth ics for Professional Accountants issued 
by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants.  
 
LRQA ensures the selection of appropriately qualified individuals based on their qualifications, training and 
experience. The outcome of all verification and certification assessments is then internally reviewed by senior 
management to ensure that the approach applied is rigorous and transparent.  
 
Signed         Dated: June 30, 2022 
 
Derek Markolf           
LRQA Lead Verifier 
On behalf of LRQA, Inc.  
1330 Enclave Parkway, Suite 200, 
Houston, TX 77077 
 
LR Reference: UQA00001846 
 
LRQA Group Limited , its affiliates and subsidiaries, and their respective officers, employees or agents are, individually and collectively, referred to in this clause as 
'LRQA'. LRQA assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable to any person for any loss, damage or expense caused by reliance on the inf ormation or advice in this 
document or howsoever provided, unless that person has signed  a contract with the relevant L RQA entity for the provision of this information or advice and in that 
case any responsibility or liability is exclusively on the terms and conditions set out in that contract.  
The English version of this Assurance Statement is the only valid version. LRQA assumes no responsibility for versions translated into other languages.  
This Assurance Statement is only valid when published with the Inventory to which it refers. It may only be reproduced in its entirety.  
Copyright © LRQA, 2022.