Sustainability Report 2021
CHALLENGING 
OURSELVES TO LEAD IN 
SUSTAINABLE ENERGY

Table of Contents
On the cover: 
MPC employees in 
Findlay, Ohio.
03 A Message from Our CEO
04 2021 Sustainability Highlights
06 Our Approach to Sustainability
07 ESG Performance Linked to Compensation
08 Stakeholder Engagement and Shared Value
09 Identification of Material Topics 
10  Strengthen Resiliency
11 Lowering Our Carbon Footprint 
18 Conserving Natural Resources 
30  Innovate for the Future
31 Renewables and Emerging Technologies
36  Embed Sustainability
37  Engaged and Energized Workforce
49 Embracing a Culture of Safety
55 Engaging Our Stakeholders and Communities
62 Advancing Supply Chain Sustainability
64  Accountable and Transparent Governance 
73 About This Report
74  Performance Data
MPC at a Glance
2.9 MILLION
barrels per calendar day of crude oil  
refining capacity 
2.4 BILLION
gallons of renewable fuels delivered to 
consumers in 2021
2 STRONG 
BRANDS
135 YEARS 
of experience in the energy 
business, with roots tracing  
back to 1887
MPC’s master limited  
partnership formed to own, operate, 
develop and acquire midstream energy 
infrastructure assets
11.8 BILLION
standard cubic feet per day of natural 
gas processing capacity
320
vessels and barges owned and operated 
through marine business
42.8  
MILLION
barrels of terminal storage capacity
~   19,000
miles of pipelines we own, lease 
or have an ownership interest in
~   8,250
North American branded and 
direct dealer locations
~13,100 
rail tank cars we own, lease and operate
~   600
transport trucks owned and operated
02

A MESSAGE  
FROM OUR CEO, 
MIKE HENNIGAN
As MPC and MPLX meet the energy needs of today and invest 
in an energy-diverse future, our approach to sustainability 
is key to our success. Only by applying the skill, perspective 
and creativity of our people in collaboration with community 
and other stakeholders do we advance our collective goals. 
We are challenging ourselves to lead in sustainable energy by 
strengthening the resiliency of our operations, innovating for 
the future and embedding sustainability in decision-making and 
how we engage our people and stakeholders. 
We apply this approach to environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) as we execute our three strategic priorities 
— to strengthen the competitive position of our assets, embed 
a low-cost culture and improve commercial performance. We 
continue to challenge ourselves to lead in sustainable energy by 
deepening ESG commitments to drive long-term benefits for 
our business and stakeholders.
To enhance our suite of sustainability goals, in 2022 we became 
the first U.S. refining company to commit to an absolute Scope 
3, Category 11 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction. 
Our absolute Scope 3 reduction goal of 15% below 2019 levels 
by 2030 builds on our goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions intensity 30% below 2014 levels by 2030 — a goal 
linked to compensation. We also committed to reduce methane 
emissions intensity 75% below 2016 levels by 2030 across our 
natural gas gathering and processing operations. This expands 
on our previous 50% by 2025 methane goal, which we are 
pleased to report is nearing accomplishment. Aligned with our 
commitment to natural resource conservation, we continue to 
pursue our goal to reduce freshwater withdrawal intensity 20% 
from 2016 levels by 2030.
In 2022, we are allocating significant growth capital to 
renewables, including the conversion of our Martinez, 
California, refinery to a renewable fuels facility. When 
complete, the Martinez Renewable Fuels facility will 
be larger than any renewable diesel production 
facility operating in the U.S. today, while generating 
approximately 60% less GHG emissions per year than 
its prior operations.  
Michael J. Hennigan 
President and Chief Executive Officer, MPC and MPLX 
June 2022
To maintain a competitive workforce and reflect the 
diversity of our communities, we added a diversity, equity 
and inclusion metric tied to compensation — the first U.S. 
independent refiner to do so. In 2021, we exceeded the goal 
we set to increase BIPOC new hires, but fell short of our 
women new hire goal. We continue to improve our existing 
programs and evaluate new programs that will aid in the 
retention and recruitment of women. Through our DE&I 
strategy of building awareness, increasing representation, 
ensuring success, and measurement and accountability, we 
are embracing the power of our differences to strengthen our 
company.
This strength was put into action when we supported 
communities and coworkers impacted by Hurricane Ida. After 
initially providing food, water, hygiene items and funding, I am 
proud of how our people have continued to give of their time, 
talent and treasure to support long-term recovery. To date, 
MPC has activated over $8.5 million in recovery assistance.     
Across the board, our talented people put our sustainability 
goals into action in ways that offer concrete examples 
of leadership. Our energy efficiency performance was 
recognized with a third consecutive ENERGY STAR® 
Partner of the Y ear — Sustained Excellence Award from the 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. Only 16 companies 
from across the entire U.S. industrial sector received the 
recognition, and we were the only recipient with fuels 
manufacturing as its primary business. In December 2021, 
our subsidiary Virent’s bio-based fuel technology was used in 
the first commercial passenger flight using 100% sustainable 
aviation fuel compatible with today’s jet engines.
I invite you to read on to learn about the ways we’re  
working together to provide the energy the world needs 
in responsible and sustainable ways. We are open to your 
feedback and welcome you to share your thoughts with us at 
sustainability@marathonpetroleum.com.
Sincerely, 
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Introduction  03

2021 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
First independent U.S. 
downstream energy company to 
establish an 
ABSOLUTE SCOPE 3 - CATEGORY 11 GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY TARGET 
to reduce 15% below  
2019 levels by 2030 23% 
REDUCTION 
in companywide  
Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions intensity  
since 2014
46% REDUCTION 
in methane emissions 
intensity since 2016
Expanded our  
METHANE EMISSIONS INTENSITY TARGET 
to reduce 75% by  
2030 from 2016 levels
Established a  
pipeline right-of-way
BIODIVERSITY TARGET 
First independent U.S. 
downstream energy company to 
establish a 
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION GOAL 
linked to compensation
15% REDUCTION 
in freshwater  
withdrawal intensity  
since 2016
04  Introduction  |  Sustainability Report 2021

DOW JONES 
Sustainability™ North 
America Index 
for the third straight year 
Third consecutive 
U.S. EPA  ENERGY STAR® 
Partner of the Y ear – Sustained
Excellence Award and four 
additional Challenge for 
Industry Awards
$21  MILLION+
invested in communities  
by MPC and MPLX
FIVE 
American Fuel 
& Petrochemical 
Manufacturers  
safety awards
100%  SCORE
 on Human Rights 
Campaign Corporate 
Equality Index 
Virent's products used in 
1ST COMMERCIAL PASSENGER FLIGHT 
with 100% sustainable  
aviation fuel
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Introduction  05

OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
STRENGTHEN  
RESILIENCY
Strengthening our business for 
today, while building durability 
for the future
We operate with an understanding of the 
potential environmental impacts of our business. 
This understanding informs our commitment 
to lower the carbon intensity of our operations 
and the products we manufacture, improve the 
energy efficiency of our operations and advance 
practices that conserve natural resources.
INNOVATE  
FOR THE FUTURE
Investing in the energy 
evolution to lower carbon 
intensity and capture value
We strive to be a market leader in the production 
and delivery of renewable fuels, seek ways to 
expand the use of renewable energy in our 
operations and deploy emerging technologies that 
reduce environmental impact while enhancing 
business performance.
EMBED  
SUSTAINABILITY
Embracing sustainability in 
decision-making, in how we 
engage our people and in how we 
create value with stakeholders
We are committed to protecting the health and 
safety of our employees and the public, responsibly 
managing our social impacts, promoting diversity, 
equity and inclusion and maintaining accountable 
and transparent governance.
At MPC and MPLX, our commitment to sustainability means taking actions that create shared value with our stakeholders — empowering people 
to achieve more, contributing to progress in our communities and protecting the environment we all share. We are challenging ourselves to lead in 
sustainable energy — meeting the needs of today while investing in an energy-diverse future. This objective drives us to strengthen the resiliency of 
our business, innovate for the future and embed sustainability in all we do. 
06  Introduction  |  Sustainability Report 2021

ESG PERFORMANCE LINKED TO COMPENSATION
2021 Target:  
23.4
2021 Result: 
22.9
2021 Target:  
0.33
2021 Result: 
0.41 2021 Target:  
60
2021 Result: 
55
2021 Target:  
30% Women
30% BIPOC
2021 Result:  
23% Women
32% BIPOC
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
measures our effectiveness 
toward reaching our five-year 
Representation Goals with respect 
to women and Black, Indigenous 
and People of Color (BIPOC).
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Intensity 
measures how efficiently we operate 
our facilities and is based on Scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions divided by 
the manufacturing inputs processed 
at our refineries, renewable fuel 
facilities and natural gas processing 
and fractionation plants.
Process Safety Events Rate 
measures our ability to identify, 
understand and control certain 
process hazards through tracking 
Tier 1 and 2 events. This rate 
combines our Tier 1 and 2 events, 
more heavily weighting the Tier 1 
process safety events.
Designated Environmental Incidents 
measures environmental performance 
through tracking Tier 3 and 4 
incidents.
Safety and environmental performance have long been a part of our companywide annual cash bonus programs. In 2021, we introduced a diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) 
component — making us the first U.S. independent downstream energy company to link improving diversity representation to compensation, in the same way we led the industry in 
linking GHG intensity reductions to compensation. Our ESG metric, which includes DE&I, GHG intensity and environmental and safety performance components, is weighted at 
20% of our annual cash bonus program.
5% 5% 5% 5%
Greenhouse  
Gas Intensity
(tonnes CO2e/thousand boe input) 
Process Safety 
Events Rate
(events/200,000 hours) 
Designated 
Environmental 
Incidents 
(count)
Diversity,  
Equity and 
Inclusion 
(percent of external hires)
20%  
of annual cash bonus 
program linked to  
ESG metrics
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Introduction  07

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND SHARED VALUE
2021 BY THE NUMBERS
Our People
$4.1 
billion+
paid in wages and 
benefits to 17,000+ 
employees
Shareholders
70% 
of shares
Engaged with investors 
representing  ~70% of 
MPC’s outstanding 
shares 
Business Partners
$7 
billion+
paid to 12,000+ 
suppliers and business 
partners for goods and 
services1
Customers
3.4 
million+
barrels per day of 
refined products sold to 
~5,400 customers
Communities
$21 
million+
invested in the communities 
in which we operate through 
company contributions
Governments
$16.3 
billion+
paid in taxes 
contributing to 
national, state and local 
economies2
HOW WE ENGAGE
 y Code of Business 
Conduct
 y Integrity Helpline
 y CEO communications
 y Regular employee 
communications
 y Performance 
management
 y Safety meetings
 y Training and professional 
development
 y Employee Network 
Groups
 y Wellness programs
 y Investor presentations 
and conferences
 y Engagement with 
analysts and portfolio 
managers
 y Engagement with 
investor stewardship 
teams
 y Annual Shareholder 
Meeting
 y SEC filings
 y Press releases
 y Supplier Code of 
Conduct
 y Business partner reviews
 y Sourcing process
 y Contract management
 y Supplier diversity 
program
 y Value creation 
opportunities
 y Supplier audits
 y Supplier recognition 
awards
 y Strategic partnership 
management
 y Global, regional and local 
industry events, forums 
and conferences
 y Company events and 
meetings
 y Partnerships and working 
groups to advance best 
practices
 y Websites, news and social 
media
 y Community investment 
programs
 y Community engagement and 
board representation
 y Bridge programs
 y Employment
 y Landowner events
 y Focus groups
 y Community surveys
 y Facility tours
 y Community hotlines
 y Community Advisory Panels
 y Facilitation of community 
events
 y Sponsorships
 y Advocacy
 y Policy development
 y Industry and 
trade association 
representation
 y Regulatory compliance
 y Permit reviews
 y Regulatory audits
 y Collaboration on 
community investment 
projects
 y Facility tours
 y Marathon Petroleum 
Corporation Employees 
Political Action 
Committee
1 Excludes crude/feedstock purchases 
2 Includes sales, use, excise taxes
At MPC and MPLX, we value open dialogue with our stakeholders, including employees, shareholders, business partners, customers, the communities we call home and governments.  
Our sustainability strategy is guided by ongoing dialogue with stakeholders to inform our understanding of the issues and trends facing our industry and company. We seek to understand 
stakeholder perspectives and incorporate their feedback and insights into our approach to sustainability.
08  Introduction  |  Sustainability Report 2021

IMPORTANCE TO SOCIETY
BUSINESS IMPACT 
IDENTIFICATION OF MATERIAL SUSTAINABILITY REPORTING TOPICS
In 2021, we refreshed and updated our reporting 
materiality assessment to prioritize environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) topics based on 
external developments and stakeholder feedback. 
Consistent with Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) and Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Core reporting guidelines, 
we continued to focus on topics that reflect 
significant ESG impacts and enable stakeholders 
to assess our company performance.
We engaged both external and internal 
stakeholders to understand their perspectives on a 
broad range of identified topics. We had extensive 
engagement with stakeholders and shareholders 
holding over 70% of our outstanding shares. 
Discussions included a wide range of issues, 
such as climate change risks and opportunities, 
executive compensation, incentivizing ESG goals 
through compensation, Scope 3 targets and 
political engagement, including trade associations 
and climate lobbying.
We combined the updated information gathered 
from these engagements with insights from 
industry benchmarking, governmental regulations, 
voluntary initiatives and analysis of online news 
and social media trends utilizing Datamaran®. The 
majority of our topics remain and are of similar 
priority relative to our previous materiality analysis 
in 2021.  One new topic, management of local 
impacts, was added this year. This topic refers to 
the mechanism to assess, manage and mitigate 
any potential direct or indirect negative impacts 
of our business in the local communities in which 
we operate.
Material Reporting Topics1
1   Distinct from concepts of materiality in financial reporting and under 
securities laws, material sustainability topics according to GRI consider 
impacts an organization may have on the broader economy, environment and 
society and factors viewed as important to stakeholders
Water use and 
conservation
Energy management
Ecological impacts
Climate change risks  
and opportunities
Public health risks
Diversity, equity and 
inclusion
GHG emissions
Air quality and 
emissions
Workforce health 
and safety
Process safety
Business ethics and 
accountability
Spills
Stakeholder 
engagement
Human rightsTransparency
Critical incident risk 
management
Waste and hazardous materials 
management
Supply chain management
Governance structures  
and mechanisms
Employee engagement
Understanding the 
legal and regulatory 
environment
Human capital 
management
Cybersecurity
SIGNIFICANTHIGHLY SIGNIFICANT (INTERNAL)HIGHLY SIGNIFICANT (EXTERNAL)MOST SIGNIFICANT
Management of 
local impacts
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Introduction  09

Lowering Our Carbon Footprint    11
Conserving Natural Resources   18
Strengthening our business for today,  
while building durability for the future
10  
Strengthen  
Resiliency

LOWERING OUR CARBON FOOTPRINT
Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions intensity
30% 
reduction of Scope 1 
and 2 GHG emissions 
intensity by 2030 from 
2014 levels
23%
Adopted in 2020, our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
intensity reduction target encompasses both Scope 
1 emissions — direct emissions from our operations 
and Scope 2 emissions — indirect emissions from the 
electricity and steam we purchase to support our business 
activities.
Since 2014, we have achieved a 23% 
reduction in our companywide Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions intensity.
Companywide Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity 
(tonnes CO2e/thousand boe input)
2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
2030 Goal - 20.9
32
28
24
20
16
WE ARE COMMITTED TO:
 y Reducing the carbon footprint of 
our operations and the products we 
manufacture
 y Improving the energy efficiency of our 
operations
 y Working with others to improve energy 
efficiency within the manufacturing, 
consumer and transportation sectors 
We have achieved this reduction through multiple 
initiatives, including our Focus on Energy program, 
the acquisition and expansion of our MPLX natural gas 
gathering and processing (G&P) business and our growth 
in renewable fuels.
Some other notable items related to our Scope 1 and 2 
GHG emissions: 
 y Since 2014, our refining Scope 1 and 2 emissions have 
decreased on an absolute basis by 13% while absolute 
companywide Scope 1 and 2 emissions have decreased 
by more than 5% even with the expansion of our MPLX 
G&P and renewable fuels business.
 y Since 2019, our companywide Scope 1 and 2 emissions 
have decreased by over 11%.
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity Target
Eighth consecutive year in reducing our 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity
 2030 Goal     Progress
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  11

absolute scope 3 
- category 11 ghg 
emissions
11%
15% 
reduction of Scope 3 - 
Category 11 GHG emissions 
by 2030 from 2019 levels
Scope 3 Emissions
Scope 3 emissions result from the use of our sold products 
and are not directly controlled by MPC. MPC established 
a 2030 target to reduce absolute Scope 3 – Category 
11 GHG emissions by 15% below 2019 levels. MPC's 
Scope 3 target covers Category 11: Use of Sold Products, 
for products manufactured at the company's refineries. 
Informed by guidance from the Science Based Targets 
initiative (SBTi) and Ipieca, the calculation of Scope 3 – 
Category 11 emissions is based on refinery yields because 
MPC's refinery yields are larger than marketed volumes. 
Since 2019, we have achieved an 11% 
reduction in our Refining Scope 3 –  
Category 11 GHG emissions. 
This significant reduction was achieved, in part, by ceasing 
crude processing at three petroleum refineries. One 
refinery has been successfully converted to renewable 
diesel production and another is undergoing such 
conversion.
Additional detail on our GHG emissions, including climate 
change risks and opportunities, can be found in our annual 
Perspectives on Climate-Related Scenarios report.
2020 data is not representative of a normal year because production was impacted by 
COVID-19.
 2030 Goal     Progress
Refining Scope 3 - Category 11 GHG Emissions 
(million tonnes)
320
340
360
380
400
420
440
2019 2020 2021
2030 Goal - 363
12  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Capital Allocation
Our risk-based strategy for capital allocation is designed 
to drive capital discipline and long-term competitive 
returns for our shareholders. We continue to require higher 
return-on-investment (ROI) thresholds for projects with 
greater financial and regulatory uncertainty than those 
with more stable cash flow and less regulatory risk. The 
ROI thresholds are highest for refining investments where 
high carbon pricing and market uncertainty impose more 
risk. This acts as a de facto carbon price because refining 
projects, with the highest carbon exposure, must overcome 
a much higher hurdle rate than, for instance, investments 
in our MPLX natural gas G&P business, with lower carbon 
exposure. Projects are also individually evaluated against 
our long-term price forecast, which considers the demand 
projections from various Paris-aligned scenarios along with 
our GHG, methane and water intensity reduction targets. 
These targets provide a backstop to align investments with 
our strategies to reduce GHG intensity and footprint over 
time.
This process is driving significant capital investment that 
supports a lower-carbon future. For example, we are 
investing to convert our Martinez, California, refinery into 
a renewable diesel facility. This is in addition to more than 
$500 million of growth capital invested to convert our 
Dickinson, North Dakota, refinery. As a result of these 
two asset conversions, we expect to become one of the 
largest renewable diesel producers in the world. Further, we 
continue to invest growth capital to expand and increase 
utilization of our strategic natural gas business. Finally, 
of the growth capital allocated to our legacy refining 
assets, the vast majority is directed at strengthening the 
competitive position of our assets rather than increasing 
capacity. 
WE INCORPORATE ENERGY AND GHG 
MANAGEMENT INTO PROJECT DESIGN, 
SO THAT OUR COLLECTIVE GROWTH 
PROJECTS SUPPORT OUR 2030 GOALS.
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  13

Focus on Energy
Through our Focus on Energy program, we have achieved significant energy reductions and cost savings, including avoiding 
the equivalent of nearly 2 billion Btu/hour of energy use and over $65 million per year in costs. This is roughly the same 
amount of energy used by over 100,000 homes in a year.
MPLX CONTINUES TO 
DRIVE ENERGY EFFICIENCY 
IMPROVEMENTS
Smart-Start Vapor Recovery
MPLX terminals utilize vapor recovery units 
(VRUs) to recover vapors as trucks are loaded 
with fuel. Continuous emission monitors equipped 
with Smart-Start processing equipment allow the 
VRUs to operate only while loading, saving power 
and decreasing emissions. Utilizing Smart-Start 
technology at 55 VRUs across MPLX terminals 
avoided 17,930 metric tons of CO2 emissions in 
2021.
Variable Frequency Drives
MPLX terminals use centrifugal pumps to deliver 
gasoline, diesel and jet fuel to barges, rail cars, 
trucks and ships that take our product to its next 
distribution point. These pumps are sized to deliver 
product at various flow rates depending on how 
many loading arms are active at any given time. 
Historically, the pumps would run at maximum 
speed to deliver whatever flow is required. 
Variable Frequency Drives (VFD) are electrical 
devices that can be installed to control the speed 
of the motors that are powering our pumps. By 
controlling the speed of the pump to deliver just 
the right flow rate at the desired pressure, there is 
less energy wasted through the system. MPLX has 
partnered with an energy consultant to develop a 
tool that will calculate and identify energy savings 
based on historical pump and motor data. Results 
will be used to determine where to best deploy the 
VFD technology.
Detroit Refinery
CHANGING COMPRESSOR USAGE 
A change in compressor usage is allowing the Detroit 
refinery to meet the needs of its flare gas recovery (FGR) 
system while cutting electricity costs, energy intensity and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions.
After feasibility tests, the refinery confirmed it could 
optimize the compressor utilization with a new compressor 
arrangement. To implement the new arrangement, the 
refinery completed multiple control improvements. These 
adjustments reduced baseline natural gas flow to the flare, 
improved compressor startup and switching operation and 
now require only one small compressor to remain online in 
normal situations.
The anticipated annual benefits include:
 y Reducing electricity consumption by almost 3,500 
megawatt-hours per year saving $191,000
 y Lowering the refinery’s energy intensity index level 0.2 
points
 y Eliminating more than 2,000 metric tons per year of 
Scope 2 GHG emissions
Galveston Bay Refinery
IMPROVING REACTOR 
EFFICIENCY
Our Galveston Bay refinery implemented an advanced 
process control application that continually optimizes 
the reactor systems in two naphtha desulfurization units, 
generating cost savings and reducing emissions and energy 
intensity. 
The refinery anticipates:
 y Saving more than $530,000 a year in combined 
hydrogen and natural gas costs
 y Reducing annual Scope 1 GHG emissions by 6,933 
metric tons and annual Scope 3 GHG emissions by 
1,568 metric tons
Robinson Refinery
COMMITTED TO MAINTAINING A 
ROBUST INSULATION PROGRAM 
An audit of the crude oil and ultraformer units at our 
Robinson refinery helped quantify 
the benefits of a healthy 
insulation program. Insulation 
improvements  reduced energy 
consumption by nearly 100 
billion Btu per year, saving 
almost $400,000 annually. 
More importantly, Robinson 
reduced its CO2e emissions by 
over 5,000 metric tons per year. 
In addition to annual audits, our 
employees’ diligence is just as important to maintaining 
a healthy insulation system. If employees see missing or 
damaged insulation, we ask them to notify the Operations 
or Maintenance Departments. This is especially important 
after large planned maintenance periods or outages, when 
insulation may have been removed to repair or inspect a 
piece of equipment. One small piece of missing insulation 
may seem inconsequential, but several across the refinery 
can add up to a substantial impact.
2021 ENERGY REDUCTION EXAMPLES:
14  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

MPC has earned its third consecutive ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Y ear – 
Sustained Excellence Award, the highest level of recognition in the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency’s (EPA) ENERGY STAR program. 
This honor acknowledges the success of companywide energy efficiency and environmental compliance efforts in 2021 
and the company’s ability to maintain a superior level of performance over time. Only 16 companies across the entire 
U.S. industrial sector received the Partner of the Y ear - Sustained Excellence Award this year. 
The EPA chooses Sustained Excellence Award winners at its discretion from companies that earned ENERGY STAR 
Partner of the Y ear recognition for a minimum of two consecutive years and then continued to go above and beyond 
the criteria needed to qualify for the award. Partner of the Y ear honorees must demonstrate best practices across their 
organizations, prove organizationwide energy saving; and participate actively in the ENERGY STAR program.
EPA'S ENERGY STAR 
CERTIFICATIONS
Five MPC refineries received EPA's ENERGY STAR certifications for top 
quartile energy performance in given refinery class along with top environmental 
performance:
EPA’S 
ENERGY 
STAR 
CHALLENGE  
FOR INDUSTRY
The ENERGY STAR Challenge for Industry is 
a national call to action to improve the energy 
efficiency of America’s manufacturers by 
10% or more. By taking the ENERGY STAR 
Challenge, manufacturing sites set a goal to 
reduce their energy intensity by 10% within 
five years. 
Four MPC terminals have achieved the EPA's 
ENERGY STAR Challenge for Industry by 
reducing energy intensity — bringing the total 
to 10 terminals in the program. 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 Jackson, Michigan
 Lansing, Michigan 
 Muncie, Indiana
Through investments in technology, each 
terminal is helping to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions caused by energy use. Combined, 
the four terminals have reduced more than 
2,100 metric tons of greenhouse gases and 
saved enough energy to power 413 homes for 
one year.
  Anacortes, Washington  
Second consecutive and second overall certification 
  Canton, Ohio   
16th consecutive and 16th overall certification
  Garyville, Louisiana  
16th consecutive and 16th overall certification
  Robinson, Illinois  
Fourth consecutive and seventh overall certification
  St. Paul Park, Minnesota  
Third consecutive and fourth overall certification
Recognized for Energy Efficiency Efforts
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  15

Reduce MPLX 
G&P methane 
emissions intensity 
50% by 2025 
and 75% by 2030 
from 2016 levels
46%
Methane Emissions 
Intensity Reduction 
Target
Focus on Methane
In 2022, MPLX expanded our methane emissions 
intensity reduction target to 75% below 2016 levels by 
2030. The reduction target applies to MPLX's natural gas 
G&P operations and is an expansion of our existing 2025 
target to reduce methane emissions intensity by 50% 
below 2016 levels.
Through MPLX’s Focus on Methane program, a holistic 
approach to voluntarily reduce methane emissions across 
MPLX's natural gas gathering and processing operations, 
we have reduced our methane emissions intensity 46% 
from 2016 levels. 
Natural gas, which consists primarily of methane, emits 
half the carbon dioxide of coal when used to generate 
electricity. To fully realize the climate benefits of natural 
gas, it is important to minimize leaks, venting and flaring of 
methane. 
MPLX FOCUS AREAS FOR  
METHANE REDUCTIONS
Reductions Achieved 
Since 2016
(tonnes per year)
Additional Reductions 
Expected Through 2030
(tonnes per year)
Pneumatic Devices 
 y Over 80% of 25,000+ pneumatic controllers are powered by compressed air
 y Eliminate all ~340 high-bleed pneumatic controllers from service by end of 2022
 y Convert ~3,400 intermittent-bleed pneumatic controllers to compressed air or lower 
emitting devices
 y Route methane emissions from pneumatic pumps to control devices
 y Enhance monitoring of pneumatic devices 
~1,500 ~7,000
Pipeline Launchers and Receivers 
 y Optimized existing pipeline launchers and receivers that are opened frequently
 y Installed new installations with a smaller launcher/receiver chamber 
 y Modified purging practices to reduce venting events
~1,000 -----
Fugitive Leak Detection and Repair (LDAR) 
 y Implement LDAR programs at all compressor stations by the end of 2023 
 y Employ advanced monitoring technologies such as satellite imagery, flyovers, drones and 
fenceline monitoring to conduct more frequent/real-time monitoring 
~500 ~ 1,000
Compressor Rod Packing Changeout 
 y Install monitoring ports to complete periodic monitoring and proactively replace 
compressor rod packing when warranted
 y Install low-emission rod packing, where feasible, as rod packing is changed
~500 ~1,000
Maintenance Venting and Other Controls 
 y Optimizing necessary maintenance venting and blowdowns to reduce emissions going to 
the atmosphere, including using vapor recovery units and/or portable flares
 y Installing additional miscellaneous controls where appropriate (e.g. select tanks)
~5,000 ~2,000
Total Reductions ~8,500 ~11,000
MPLX continues to implement measures that minimize 
and eliminate methane emissions through our Focus on 
Methane program, with the aim of ensuring that natural 
gas delivers on its promise of significantly lower carbon 
intensity as compared to coal.
 2030 Goal    2025 Goal    Progress
16  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

PARTNERING 
TO IMPROVE 
ENVIRONMENTAL 
PERFORMANCE
In 2022, MPLX joined The 
Environmental Partnership, which 
is a coalition of nearly 100 oil and 
natural gas companies committed to 
continuously improving environmental 
performance in members’ operations 
across the country.
The Environmental Partnership provides a platform 
for the industry to collaborate with stakeholders 
and share best practices and new technologies. The 
Partnership’s goals are consistent with the aims of 
our Focus on Methane program.
Specifically, partners commit to the 
following:
 y A program to replace, remove or retrofit high-
bleed pneumatic controllers
 y A program to install or retrofit pneumatic 
controllers with lower- or zero-bleed methane 
emissions devices
 y A leak detection and repair program for natural 
gas and oil facilities
 y A program to reduce emissions from 
compressors
 y A program to reduce emissions from pipeline 
blowdowns and flaring
In early 2022, MPLX announced a collaboration with 
Cheniere Energy, Inc. (Cheniere) and other natural gas 
midstream companies, methane detection technology 
providers and leading academic institutions to implement 
quantification, monitoring, reporting and verification 
(QMRV) of GHG emissions at natural gas gathering, 
processing, transmission and storage systems specific to 
Cheniere’s supply chain. 
The program is intended to improve the overall 
understanding of GHG emissions and further the 
deployment of advanced monitoring technologies and 
protocols. The QMRV program will support Cheniere’s 
Cargo Emissions Tag initiative to provide GHG emissions 
data to customers for liquefied natural gas (LNG) cargoes, 
a critical first step for the industry to quantify GHG 
emissions, enhance transparency and over time look for 
reduction opportunities to maximize the climate benefits 
of LNG.
The midstream QMRV work will be conducted by 
emissions researchers from Colorado State University 
and the University of Texas. The measurement protocol 
designed by the research group and Cheniere will be 
field tested at MPLX facilities that are part of Cheniere’s 
supply chain.
The midstream QMRV program involves a combination 
of ground-based, aerial and drone-based emissions 
monitoring technologies. The midstream QMRV program 
requires emissions monitoring over at least a six-month 
period, with all data independently analyzed and verified by 
the project’s academic partners.
By participating in the program, MPLX will gain expertise 
in advanced monitoring techniques and technologies that 
we can leverage to further reduce methane emissions 
throughout our vast gas gathering and processing network.
MPLX Partners to Advance Quantification, Monitoring, Reporting and Verification of GHG Emissions  
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  17

CONSERVING NATURAL RESOURCES
We are committed to living out our core value of Safety and 
Environmental Stewardship by minimizing our environmental impact. 
Environmental Management
Our Operational Excellence Management System 
(OEMS) is third-party reviewed for alignment with 
the RC14001® standard. This standard incorporates 
our environmental stewardship policies, which include 
responsibilities to assess and minimize our environmental 
impact, train our employees on environmental 
management best practices and communicate with 
stakeholders about the environmental impacts of our 
products and operations. 
Holding Ourselves Accountable
We link environmental performance to employee 
compensation and measure it using the Designated 
Environmental Incident (DEI) metric. It tracks 
three categories of environmental incidents: spills, 
environmental permit exceedances and agency 
enforcement actions. We use four DEI tiers to measure 
severity, with Tiers 1 and 2 being the least severe and Tiers 
3 and 4 being more severe.
30,000+ HOURS OF ENVIRONMENTAL 
TRAINING FOR MPC EMPLOYEES
~$1 
BILLION
amount we invested in 2021 
to improve the environmental 
performance of our assets
59%  
REDUCTION
in Tier 3 and 4 DEIs since 2018
Across the company, we have implemented advanced 
practices and technologies and made significant 
investments to conserve natural resources. 
WE ARE DEDICATED TO THESE 
PRIORITY AREAS:
Reducing, 
reusing and 
recycling 
waste
Protecting 
biodiversity
Reducing 
freshwater 
withdrawal 
Improving 
air quality
18  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Biodiversity: A Long-Standing Commitment 
MPC and MPLX use proactive measures to protect the diverse plant and animal species and to 
preserve their natural habitats in areas where we operate. Our OEMS provides the procedural 
framework to account for the potential effects of our activities on ecosystems and prepare 
necessary mitigation procedures.
1  International Finance Corporation’s Performance Standards on Environmental and Social Sustainability include: Performance Standard 1 − Assessment and Management of Environmental 
and Social Risks and Impacts, Performance Standard 3 − Resource Efficiency and Pollution Prevention, Performance Standard 4 − Community Health, Safety, and Security and Performance 
Standard 6 − Biodiversity Conservation and Sustainable Management of Living Natural Resources.
AT EACH STAGE OF THE ASSET  
LIFE CYCLE WE:
 y Identify and engage impacted stakeholders to 
solicit feedback that, in turn, becomes part of our 
decision-making process.
 y Conduct environmental impact assessments 
when necessary, including field studies, to 
evaluate impact to natural resources and land use.
 y Determine mitigation and enhancement 
initiatives within the project by working 
with stakeholders, local biologists and other 
environmental specialists.
 y Implement biodiversity management and 
mitigation plans and assess potential outcomes to 
drive achievement of the intended objectives.
10 WAYS WE MITIGATE 
BIODIVERSITY IMPACTS
THROUGHOUT THE PIPELINE
LIFE CYCLE:
1. Incorporating species preservation into 
operational approaches, including voluntarily 
adopting both temporary and permanent changes 
to prioritize endangered species and their critical 
habitats.
2. Developing our construction schedules to avoid 
disrupting species migration, spawning, nesting 
and other activities.
3. Limiting pesticide and herbicide use for land 
clearance and being mindful about types, volumes 
and timing of their use to reduce undesired 
impacts.
4. Implementing conservation mowing on select 
pipeline rights of way to avoid disrupting 
population dynamics such as breeding, feeding 
and reproductive behaviors.
5. Restoring all disturbed areas to preconstruction 
conditions by seeding/hydroseeding with native 
seed mixes.
6. Adhering to weed management plans to keep 
previously disturbed areas free of invasive and 
non-native weeds.
7. Conducting post-construction surveys and 
research to verify sensitive areas have been 
appropriately restored.
8. Monitoring wetland and waterway crossing sites 
on pipeline rights of way to confirm they are fully 
restored and functioning.
9. Training affected employees and contractors 
about biodiversity and maintaining assets in 
sensitive areas.
10. Using signage to indicate sensitive areas.
Protecting Endangered Species
We utilize a companywide Migratory Bird Protection 
Guidance to guard against interfering with the seasonal 
patterns of migratory birds. This guidance corresponds 
with legal requirements of the Endangered Species 
Act, Migratory Bird Treaty Act, Bald and Golden Eagle 
Protection Act and other regulations for state-designated 
special species of concern.
In 2021, on a pipeline system in Wyoming, we voluntarily 
postponed projects near areas of potential habitats for 
nesting raptors. The decision was made to begin work when 
all remaining fledglings vacated their nests. 
Protecting Biodiversity throughout the  
Asset Life Cycle
Throughout the asset life cycle, we work to avoid 
ecologically sensitive areas. When land disturbance in 
these areas is unavoidable, we use a variety of recognized 
best-management practices and techniques to mitigate 
our impacts during the asset’s life cycle. In situations 
where complete restoration presents challenges, we at 
least offset impacts to sensitive areas in several ways, 
including purchasing mitigation credits through approved 
mitigation banking sources or using other mechanisms to 
provide ongoing protection to similar ecologically sensitive 
properties.
Our policies and practices for siting, constructing, 
operating, maintaining and decommissioning are designed 
to protect the environmental quality of the habitats in 
and around our operations. These policies and practices 
are aligned with the International Finance Corporation’s 
Performance Standards on Environmental and Social 
Sustainability1.
Our Commitment to Biodiversity details our approach 
and practices. It emphasizes that we seek first to avoid, 
then minimize or offset, impacts to biodiversity. We are 
mindful that operating within communities is a privilege, 
and we collaborate with local stakeholders and applicable 
state and federal regulatory agencies, including the U.S. 
EPA, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, U.S. Bureau of Land 
Management (BLM) and U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  19

Nature-Based Solutions 
In 2021, we harnessed the power of nature-based solutions — through programs such as Integrated 
Vegetation Management, Integrated Habitat Management and Urban and Community Forestry — 
to mitigate the impacts of our operations related to both biodiversity and climate. 
INTEGRATED VEGETATION MANAGEMENT (IVM)
focuses on promoting native or desired vegetation communities and quality habitat creation through 
select herbicide use, conservation mowing, enhanced vegetation seeding and alternative vegetation 
structure to provide environmental benefits while reducing long-term management costs. 
INTEGRATED HABITAT MANAGEMENT (IHM) PLANS  
help us improve habitat on the right of way by promoting biodiversity, connecting wildlife habitat 
corridors to address habitat fragmentation, providing habitat for migratory insects, birds and various 
wildlife species, while providing nesting habitat for ground-nesting birds.
Building Sustainable Landscapes
IVM and IHM allow Marathon Pipe Line LLC (MPL) to 
operate safely while providing wildlife habitat for species, 
reducing impact to operations and promoting long-term 
environmental health. 
In 2020, MPL launched a trial of IVM and IHM within 
several pipeline stations and select right of way segments 
and monitored the outcome to optimize vegetation 
structure while maintaining regulatory compliance, 
promoting biodiversity and protecting pipeline integrity and 
safety. MPL was able to change the landscape by planting 
a variety of species that provided benefits to pollinators 
and other wildlife within the areas of operations. MPL plans 
to expand this highly effective land management program 
across compatible pipeline rights of way through 2025. 
Starting in 2021, MPL began implementing IVM and 
IHM as part of its established rights-of-way maintenance 
program. MPL manages approximately 50,000 acres of 
pipeline rights of way, 40% of which is compatible with IVM 
and IHM. The remaining acreage is primarily agricultural, 
residential or commercial land.
MPL INCORPORATES IVM  
AND IHM INTO RIGHT-OF-WAY 
MAINTENANCE
1. Evaluating existing vegetation and setting site-
specific goals − MPL engages landowners and 
other stakeholders in the evaluation process to 
set goals specific to location, land use, habitats, 
species and other criteria. 
2. Developing implementation plans that consider 
site-specific goals to promote native species, 
increase pollinator plants, increase carbon 
sequestration, promote water quality and soil 
stabilization and connect fragmented habitats. 
Plans prioritize pollinator and grassland habitats 
that provide critical habitats for threatened and 
endangered species.
3. Executing the plan in conjunction with 
contractors and partners to achieve desired 
outcomes. 
4. Monitoring the plan to confirm execution is 
achieving planned objectives.
5. Evaluating success through our partners to 
verify all criteria have been met as a result of our 
executed plan.
Partnerships
To help facilitate the evolution of our 
right-of-way maintenance program, 
MPL has entered partnerships with:
 y The Ohio State University 
Sustainability Institute to conduct 
research on pipeline rights of way 
with a focus on ecology, soil carbon and 
landowner relations.
 y Pheasants Forever to support site evaluations, 
plan development and execution, and monitoring 
outcomes.
BIODIVERSITY 
TARGET
 2025 Goal     Progress
9.5%
Apply sustainable  
landscapes to
50% 
 of compatible MPL rights of 
way by the end of 2025
20  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Moving Along the Path to Urban and 
Community Forestry 
Urban and Community Forestry (UCF) provides 
environmental resilience, equitable canopy cover, 
habitat for wildlife and many other benefits to 
the communities that need it most. Our Detroit, 
Michigan, refinery worked with the Wildlife Habitat 
Council (WHC) to implement an urban forestry 
project called Marathon Gardens. It seeks to increase 
the habitat value and air and water quality in an 
industrial neighborhood while encouraging community 
participation. 
Throughout the years, MPC employees 
have collaborated with a variety of 
community partners, including WHC 
staff and interns from Grow Detroit’s 
Y oung Talent and other volunteer groups, 
to expand and maintain the habitat. We 
frequently invite residents from the 
surrounding community to take part in 
weeding and planting events.
The Wildlife Habitat Council is the only voluntary 
sustainability standard designed for broad-based 
biodiversity enhancement and conservation 
education activities on corporate landholdings. 
MPC has a nearly 30-year standing relationship 
with WHC and manages one of the longest-
running certified sites in the country, located 
near our Catlettsburg, Kentucky, refinery. Across 
operations, we continue to actively participate in 
habitat certification and carry out engagement 
programs and partnerships.
IN 2021, WE OWNED 
AND MAINTAINED 
1,200+ ACRES OF 
WHC-CERTIFIED 
HABITAT LAND ACROSS 
20 CERTIFIED HABITATS 
2014: MPC employees assessed existing trees, 
identifying invasive species and trees in poor 
condition. These trees were removed and healthy 
native species were planted alongside an assortment 
of understory vegetation, wildflowers and native 
grasses. Non-native wetland vegetation, including 
invasive phragmites, was also removed from the banks 
of an on-site oxbow and replaced with native trees 
and shrubs.
2019: Five years after the initial tree assessment, 
three acres of forest have been established. 
Monitoring has shown a 90% survival rate among 
the planted trees. Deer, coyotes and foxes, turtles 
and many bird species, including yellow warblers, 
American goldfinches and red-winged blackbirds, 
have been identified on-site.
2021: MPC employees conducted another 
planting, this time in a public park area, to provide 
residents with more opportunities for outdoor 
recreation, in line with municipal goals. MPC worked 
with WHC to select trees for the plantings and 
prioritized species adept at removing particulate 
matter from the air, such as sycamore and burr oak. 
Vacant residences were razed and planted, increasing 
the amount of vegetative groundcover that could 
capture and filter stormwater. 
PROJECT 
TIMELINE
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  21

Our commitment to safely and responsibly operating our assets is critical and 
fundamental to our business and to protecting our employees, contractors, 
communities and the environment. We support this commitment through 
operational practices and technology focused on a goal of zero spills.
Spill Prevention
By integrating new technologies and industry innovations into 
our spill prevention and preparedness strategies, we are better 
equipped to rigorously assess the integrity of our assets and 
address releases if they occur. Across MPLX, we continue to 
make investments to improve pipeline in-line inspection and 
assessment technology programs. We have implemented a 
combination of state-of-the-art pipeline inspection technology 
and advanced analysis techniques for the continued safety of 
the public and environment.
New technologies adopted:
 y Launched quarterly patrols of select pipeline rights of way 
using airplanes equipped with specialized sensors that detect 
hydrocarbon spills. 
 y Piloted the use of operational cameras to detect crude and 
highly volatile liquid (HVL) spills at remote pipeline stations. 
We plan to employ this artificial intelligence technology at 
45 additional facilities in 2022.
PIPELINE INTEGRITY MANAGEMENT 
We use comprehensive integrity management practices to address 
risks to pipelines, protecting their integrity and safety. These 
risks may include third-party damage, corrosion, operator error, 
equipment failure, geohazards or weather events.
Inspections
In-line Inspection (ILI) - ILI tools travel through pipelines, scanning 
and measuring a pipe’s walls for signs of dents, corrosion or cracking.
Above-Ground Inspections - Pipeline routes are visually inspected 
with air and/or ground patrols to detect land disturbances and pipeline 
leaks.
Waterway Crossing Inspections - High-resolution sonar equipment 
is used to inspect underwater pipelines to determine how erosion and 
water channel changes may impact the pipe.
Evaluating Threats
Geohazard Management - Our process to monitor, assess, inspect 
and remediate potential hazards associated with earth movement 
from both landslides and subsidence in unstable terrain and varied 
geological conditions.
Risk Modeling - Annual risk modeling is conducted to systematically 
identify potential hazards to each pipeline, assess their relative 
significance and develop reduction measures that properly address 
risks.
Corrosion Control
Protective Coating - Coating that prevents corrosion is applied to the 
outer surface of pipelines and storage tanks. 
Cathodic Protection Systems - Cathodic protection systems are 
installed along pipeline routes to help prevent external corrosion.
Monitoring and Detection
24/7 Pipeline Monitoring - Our highly trained personnel monitor 
pipeline pressure, flow and volume 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Leak Detection Technology - Sensors and meters on pipelines detect 
drops in pressure or changes in flow rate and alert personnel.
Pipeline Safety Engagement 
Ongoing Education - We educate landowners, first responders and 
community partners located near our pipelines about safe digging 
practices and emergency response.
SPILL 
PREVENTION 
AND DETECTION 
TECHNOLOGIES
22  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

MARINE INTEGRITY MANAGEMENT 
Marine environments present a unique set of challenges that 
require a comprehensive approach to spill prevention. 
Inspections
Vessel General Permit Inspections - We inspect the deck areas 
of vessels and barges daily.
Spill Kit Inspections - Every six months, we visually inspect the 
contents of every spill kit to verify they are intact and ready to 
use.
Special Marine Measures
Double-Hulled Barges and Vessels - All of our barges used for 
river transport of raw materials and refined products are double 
hulled. All new vessels entering or operating in U.S. waters are 
also double-hulled and existing vessels are either double fulled 
or appropriately retrofitted. 
Spill Valves - Most of our barges are equipped with spill valves 
designed to prevent a catastrophic failure if a barge has become 
over-pressurized. 
Deck Coaming and Drip Pan Containments - Approximately 
99% of our barges are equipped with special drip pan 
containments that exceed regulatory requirements for barges. 
Drip pan containments capture spills before they enter rivers 
and other bodies of water.
Training 
Barge Transfers - We require our trainees to assist on 10 
loads and 10 discharges before conducting barge transfers 
unassisted as a credentialed mariner, well exceeding regulatory 
requirements.
MPLX’S LOGISTICS AND 
STORAGE ORGANIZATION 
RECEIVED THE 2022 U.S. COAST 
GUARD’S REAR ADMIRAL 
WILLIAM M. BENKERT 
MARINE ENVIRONMENTAL 
PROTECTION 
GOLD AWARD FOR 
EXCELLENCE
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  23

Emergency Preparedness
Emergency Response Exercise Program 
To maintain readiness, our CERT members and other 
emergency response personnel participate in various 
exercises and work alongside federal, state, local and tribal 
responders, such as the U.S. EPA, the U.S. Coast Guard, 
state environmental protection or wildlife agencies and 
local emergency responders. MPC and MPLX maintain 
an emergency response exercise program to test and 
continually improve our response capabilities:
 y Our exercises follow the guidelines of the federal 
government’s National Preparedness for Response 
Exercise Program (PREP), which meets the 
requirements of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and all 
federal, state and local requirements.
 y Exercises not only help prepare for emergency 
situations, but are also used to review, critique and 
improve our emergency response plans.
 y We take a collaborative approach to emergency 
preparedness. In addition to training our own employees 
and contractors, we engage federal, state, local and 
tribal agencies, local fire departments and other first 
responders and community members who have an 
interest in the design and development of our plans and 
exercises.
In 2021, we adjusted our approach for drills and exercises 
to align with protocols in place for the COVID-19 
pandemic and completed all required exercises. We held 
multiple exercises via a “virtual command post.” These 
exercises incorporated video feeds on field deployment 
activities using drone videos, FaceTime and smart helmet 
technology. They also fostered effective collaboration with 
participants, observers, stakeholders 
and evaluators while providing 
responders the opportunity 
to maintain proficiency in 
their response planning 
and execution.
Robust preparedness enables us to respond effectively 
should an emergency event occur. Consistently investing in 
our response capabilities equips us to mitigate and manage 
the impact to the environment and people in the event of 
an incident. 
All our operating locations have emergency response teams 
assigned and site-specific emergency preparedness and 
response plans tailored to the risks they may encounter. 
These location-specific plans are subject to regular drills to 
test proper execution in the event of an actual incident.
Several agencies review and approve our plans, including 
the U.S. EPA, the U.S. Coast Guard, the Pipeline and 
Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) and 
various state agencies.
MPC’s Emergency Preparedness Group (EPG) oversees 
our response program, which includes companywide 
guidelines and procedures on how to prepare for 
and respond to emergencies. The group’s focus is to 
continuously strengthen our capability to respond rapidly 
and appropriately to an emergency incident anywhere 
we operate. The EPG staff coordinates with business 
components to share best practices and resources across 
the company.
For incidents that may require resources beyond those 
available at a local facility, our EPG maintains a Corporate 
Emergency Response Team (CERT). It comprises of 
approximately 250 employees with response expertise and 
training in the Incident Command System (ICS), a globally 
recognized organizational structure designed to integrate 
resources across multiple agencies and organizations, should 
an emergency event occur.
Tiered Response System:
Tier 1 Incidents are directed by a local response team
Tier 2 Incidents are directed by a district/regional response team
Tier 3 Incidents are larger in scope and complexity and directed  
by the CERT
CERT PROVIDES RESOURCES 
AND SUPPORT FOR 
RESPONDING TO AND 
MANAGING EMERGENCIES 
 y Emergency Strike Team is 
a stand-alone response 
management 
team, capable of 
supplementing, 
relieving, or taking 
command of a major 
emergency.
 y Emergency Support 
Group provides key 
support functions, such 
as IT, communications 
and geographic information 
system mapping during an 
incident.
 y Crisis Management Team is a group of 
executive-level advisors prepared to respond to 
MPC’s and MPLX’s needs during incidents that 
pose a significant threat.
 y Business Recovery Team works to meet MPC's, 
MPLX's and customers’ needs during supply 
disruptions.
 y Threat Assessment Group is tasked with 
determining the potential impact of a threat 
to MPC or MPLX, informing impacted 
stakeholders and recommending steps to 
protect people and assets.
 y International Team determines the potential 
impact, recommends response strategies and 
responds to incidents related to international 
cargo.
24  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

WE USE FRESH WATER IN 
REFINING OPERATIONS TO:
 y Add heat to our refining process (as steam)
 y Purify products (as stripping steam)
 y Remove heat from the process (as cooling water)
 y Remove salts and impurities from crude oil 
 y Protect equipment from corrosion
 y Generate hydrogen 
 y Control emissions 
 y Clean equipment during maintenance activities
We actively monitor and manage water use throughout 
all operations, continually looking for ways to reduce our 
use of this shared resource and use it more efficiently. To 
further our commitment to water conservation, we have 
voluntarily set a companywide target to reduce freshwater 
withdrawal intensity 20% by 2030 from 2016 levels.
Water Use in Operations
Water is vital to our refining operations. We source water 
from rivers, lakes, wells and municipal water plants and 
also purchase some recycled water for use in refining. 
In contrast, MPLX gas processing plants are designed 
to use little or no water in their routine operations. 
Nearly all plants have hot oil heaters that burn fuel gas to 
transfer heat into the process units and air-cooling units 
that circulate hot product through air-cooled radiators, 
minimizing the need for water.
Managing Wastewater
We operate 11 biological treatment plants and three primary 
treatment facilities across our refinery locations. Water 
not reused or consumed in refining activities is collected at 
these on-site facilities to be treated and recycled back into 
refining activities or treated and discharged. Water is treated 
to meet or exceed required state permit or pretreatment 
permit limits. Our systems are set up for only fully treated 
water to be discharged to a surface body of water such as 
a lake, river or bay, so that the quality of these waters is 
maintained.
Water
Freshwater 
withdrawal intensity 
reduction target
15%
20% 
reduction of freshwater 
withdrawal intensity by 
2030 from 2016 levels
 2030 Goal     Progress
Freshwater Withdrawal Intensity 
(megaliters/million boe)
75
80
85
90
95
100
2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
2030 Target - 75.5
70
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  25

WATER SUPPLY STAKEHOLDER 
ORGANIZATIONS WE SUPPORT:
 y American Petroleum Institute's Clean  
Water Issues Group
 y Brazos River Water Authority
 y California Council for Environmental and 
Economic Balance 
 y Far West Texas Water Planning Group
 y Gulf Coast Water Authority 
 y West Basin Water Association (California) 
Local Water Conservations
Water availability is a concern throughout much of the world, including parts of the U.S. Currently, two of MPC’s 
operating refineries — El Paso, Texas, and Los Angeles, California—are located in water-stressed regions as 
defined by the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and World Resources Institute assessment tools. 
To help conserve water in these regions and across all MPC refineries, our refining teams use 
aspects of a nine-element guidance framework designed to assess water use, understand 
and mitigate water risks and identify opportunities to reduce water use. 
Each refinery has designated engineers who serve as water coordinators, each 
has established baselines for assessing their water use, and each maintains 
robust transparency on how water is used through the use of standardized 
water monitoring and reporting.
To help mitigate local water risks, we engage community members, 
government agencies and key water supply organizations. This 
engagement includes tracking and monitoring the local water 
supply, planning for future changes in water availability and water 
pricing. We support water supply stakeholder organizations 
through membership, board membership and committee 
participation.  
77% OF FRESHWATER WITHDRAWN FROM 
NON-WATER-STRESSED AREAS1
1  World Resources Institute Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas
01
Water Limits 
Actual water usage and 
discharges are tracked 
against known limits. 
02
03
05
06
07
08
09
04
Accounting 
Water monitoring 
programs integrate 
contractual water 
volume and cost. 
Value Chain & Community 
Engagement 
Mutually beneficial opportunities 
are sought to reduce water 
demands and costs and reliance on 
single-water sources.
Impacts
Water-related business and 
compliance issues are tracked, 
investigated and mitigated. 
Risks
Water-related risks  
are identified and assessed  
based on impact to the 
company and community. 
Targets & Goals
Water targets and goals 
are set.
Opportunities 
Opportunities are identified  
and applied to meet water 
targets and goals and improve 
performance relative to 
benchmarking.
Monitoring &  
Performance
Water withdrawals are 
measured to benchmark water 
demands and to understand 
consumption. 
Commitment & Engagement 
Expectations of water targets and 
goals are clearly communicated 
and resources for successful 
implementation are assigned.
WATER 
FRAMEWORK
26  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Water Results
Through a variety of innovations, we have reduced our freshwater withdrawal intensity by 15% since 2016 and have plans 
for additional reductions. In 2021, we continued our refinery-wide “Focus on Water” program to further assess water use, 
understand and mitigate water risks and identify opportunities to reduce water use. As a result, MPC refineries saved 
a combined 866 million gallons of fresh water. Across the company we continued to further align water management 
practices to make significant progress toward our 2030 target.
2021 REFINING WATER SAVINGS EXAMPLES: 
Catlettsburg refinery
SAVED 161 MILLION  
GALLONS OF FRESH WATER  
by reducing the frequency and durations to clean or 
backwash filters that treat its boiler feed water without 
impacting water purity performance. 
Detroit refinery
SAVED 59 MILLION  
GALLONS OF FRESH WATER 
by expanding operation of reverse osmosis units, enabling 
the reuse of ~25% of the refinery's total effluent.
Galveston Bay refinery
SAVED 20.5 MILLION 
GALLONS OF FRESH WATER  
by modifying the regeneration procedure for water-
softening equipment, reducing backwash and fast rinse 
times by 33%. 
Garyville refinery
SAVED 13.7 MILLION 
GALLONS OF FRESH WATER  
by increasing the amount of wash water recycled in a 
distillate hydrotreater, ultimately reducing demand for 
steam.
Kenai refinery
SAVED 14.5 MILLION 
GALLONS OF FRESH WATER  
by using an air cooler that utilizes air instead of water to 
cool waste water going into the biological treatment unit.
Los Angeles refinery
SAVED 26.4 MILLION 
GALLONS OF FRESH WATER  
by using an anti-scaling dispersant to reduce cooling tower 
water use. The dispersant made it possible to increase the 
number of times water can be cycled back through the 
towers, reducing the amount of fresh water used.
LEVERAGING TECHNOLOGY FOR 
SUSTAINABLE PERFORMANCE
Marathon Pipe Line LLC (MPL), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of MPLX, leverages technology through 
the use of highly sophisticated In-Line Inspection 
(ILI) tools which eliminate the use of water 
without sacrificing accuracy. MPL embarked on 
a multi-year journey with a third-party to drive a 
step-change improvement in ILI crack detection 
technology, increasing the probability of finding 
critical seam defects from 90% to 99%. The tool 
also detects hook cracks, reducing the need for 
hydrotests, which were historically used to identify 
such defects.
Through the use of in-line inspection tools, MPL 
avoids hydrotesting nearly 400 miles of pipeline 
per year, realizing an average annual savings of  
7 million gallons of water.
MPLX WATER SAVINGS
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  27

Reducing, Reusing and Recycling Waste
PREVENTED 32,000 TONNES 
OF HAZARDOUS WASTE FROM 
ENTERING LANDFILLS
CEMENT KILN DISPOSAL
We partner with CIRCON Environmental to 
convert hazardous waste from oil tanks to waste-
derived fuels used in cement production. 
CATALYST METALS RECLAMATION
Catalysts are an important part of fuels manufacturing, facilitating a variety of critical chemical processes. 
We deliver spent catalyst to a recycler that extracts the vanadium and other valuable metals to produce 
ferrovanadium and a ferronickel molybdenum alloy, which are then sold to the steel industry. 
PROMOTING A CIRCULAR ECONOMY
We actively search for ways to reduce material use and discover new approaches to 
recapture waste as a resource to manufacture new materials. Two examples of this 
are using hazardous waste to fuel cement production and reclaiming catalyst metals. 
Knowing that an important aspect of conserving natural 
resources is actively managing waste, over the years we 
have refined our processes to reduce, reuse and recycle 
waste wherever possible. 
Waste Disposal
The volume of waste we generate in any given year 
varies significantly depending on scheduled maintenance 
and remediation activities. Amidst these variables, we 
maintain our careful approach to containing and labeling 
drums, boxes, bins and roll-off containers of waste and 
transporting them to permitted waste disposal and 
recycling facilities. 
Our environmental professionals continually look for ways 
to do this — from using hazardous waste to fuel cement 
production, to using robots in tank inspections. In these 
and many other ways, we work to reduce the waste we 
generate and recycle or beneficially reuse as much of what 
is left as possible.
Waste Vendor Approval Process
In addition to meeting our Contractor Selection 
Requirements found on Page 53 of this report, 
contractors are required to use a structured process to 
dispose of our waste materials legally and responsibly.
 y Our corporate environmental department vets and 
approves potential nonhazardous and hazardous waste 
vendors.
 y All contracted waste disposal and recycling facilities 
that we work with must prove compliance with state 
and federal waste regulations.
47,000+
tonnes of CO2e emissions avoided when 
compared to mining for virgin ore.
5,500+
tonnes of spent catalyst sent to recycler for 
catalyst metal reclamation.
 When our refinery tanks are cleaned, residual 
material is removed and placed in CIRCON’s 
proprietary transportation containment, 
eliminating the need for on-site storage and 
rental units.
Valuable materials recovered from waste 
streams are used to create waste-derived fuels. 
Those fuels are sent via truck to power 
CIRCON’s network of cement kiln partners, 
displacing coal, leaving behind no residual ash 
and creating carbon offset benefits.
3
2
1
2
3
~1.4 MILLION 
gallons of waste-derived fuel was sent to 
cement kilns in 2021, keeping nearly 3,900 
tonnes of waste out of landfills and avoiding 
approximately 18,700 tonnes of CO2e 
emissions. 
103,000+ 
tonnes of waste from our refineries have 
become an alternative fuel source for the 
cement industry since 2013, avoiding over 
248,000 tonnes of CO2e emissions and 
reducing cement manufacturers’ coal use by 
approximately 64,000 tonnes.
28  Strengthen Resiliency  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Air Quality and Emissions
Air quality is important to our business, our stakeholders and the local communities where we operate. We are committed 
to continuously improving our programs and strategies that improve air quality and implementing them throughout our 
operations. From 2002 through 2021, this approach helped us reduce our criteria pollutants by 54%, while the footprint of 
our refining and natural gas assets expanded. And we’re committed to maintaining open and ongoing dialogue with the people 
who live near our operations on a wide range of topics that are important to them, including air quality.  
FROM 2002 THROUGH 2021, WE 
HAVE ACHIEVED A 54% REDUCTION 
IN CRITERIA POLLUTANT EMISSIONS 
WHILE THE FOOTPRINT OF OUR 
REFINING AND NATURAL GAS ASSETS 
EXPANDED. 
Reducing Gas Flaring
Avoiding flaring is one of our key priorities. Our refineries 
implement flare reduction programs that help minimize 
flaring while recovering gases and enabling efficient 
combustion. In addition, flare gas recovery systems return 
gas to the refining process instead of flaring, reducing 
criteria pollutant emissions and GHG emissions. 
Minimizing Fugitive Emissions
We use acoustic imaging cameras, also known as FLUKE® 
Imagers, to quickly and accurately locate air, gas and 
vacuum leaks in compressed air systems. These devices 
use extremely sensitive microphones to detect sounds 
both in the human hearing range and the ultrasonic 
range. Initially used to identify air leaks at our compressor 
stations and gas plants, they are now being used across 
our refineries and natural gas gathering and processing 
assets, where they are used to confirm that leak repairs 
are effective. 
Transparent Community Air Monitoring 
We’ve implemented detailed, near real-time, public-
facing, air monitoring systems for our Detroit and Los 
Angeles refineries. These systems, which can be found 
on the refineries’ websites, provide easy-to-read, color-
coded classifications that provide a quick glance of overall 
air quality, emission levels, wind direction, wind speed and 
temperature. Members of the community can also opt in 
to an alert system that can notify them when air quality 
reaches a certain level. 
AN EXAMPLE  
OF CONTINUAL 
IMPROVEMENT AT OUR 
LOS ANGELES REFINERY 
In 2021, we decreased carbon monoxide 
emissions at our Los Angeles refinery by 
23% due to operational changes within a 
fluid catalytic cracking (FCC) unit. 
When it was realized that the FCC unit was 
struggling to operate with reduced carbon 
monoxide (CO) emissions rates, different CO 
catalyst promoters were evaluated and tested to 
lower both CO and NOx emissions. The most 
effective promoter was then utilized in conjunction 
with installation of a new catalyst loader. This new 
loader automatically loads both fresh catalyst and 
the CO catalyst promoter into the unit, instead of 
manual loading.
Not only has this new loader been more reliable, 
but its integrated notification feature alerts 
operators to any performance issues.
Companywide Criteria Pollutant Emissions 
(thousand tonnes)
Total SOx emissions
Total CO Emissions
Total NOx emissions
Total VOC emissions Total PM10 emissions
54% 
reduction 
since 2002
95
59
54
50
44
44
0 20 40 60 80 100
2002
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Strengthen Resiliency  29

Investing in the energy evolution to lower carbon 
intensity and capture value
30  
Innovate for 
the future
Renewables and Emerging Technologies   31

RENEWABLES AND EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES
At MPC and MPLX, we strive to be 
market leaders in the production and 
delivery of renewable fuels, seek ways 
to expand the use of renewable energy 
in our operations and deploy emerging 
technologies that reduce environmental 
impact while enhancing business 
performance.
MPC is one of the largest marketers of renewable fuels 
in the U.S. In 2021, we delivered approximately 2.4 
billion gallons of renewable fuels to consumers, including 
over 400 million gallons that we produced. This 2.4 
billion gallon volume avoided nearly 10 million tonnes of 
customers’ CO2 transportation emissions per year in 2021.
We are making significant capital investments that support 
a lower-carbon future. For example, we intend to direct 
over 50% of multiyear growth capital toward increasing 
our production of renewable fuels and natural gas, thereby 
lowering the carbon intensity of our products.
DELIVERED APPROXIMATELY  
2.4 BILLION GALLONS OF 
RENEWABLE FUELS TO 
CONSUMERS IN 2021
Avoided nearly
10  
MILLION
tonnes of customers' CO2  
transportation emissions in 2021
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Innovate for the Future  31

Martinez Renewable Fuels Project
Substantial strides were made toward 
converting our Martinez, California, refinery 
into a renewable fuels facility. 
In May 2022, the Contra Costa County Board of 
Supervisors approved the final Environmental Impact 
Report and land use permit for the project, concluding 
the required environmental review process under the 
California Environmental Quality Act. 
When complete, the Martinez facility will be larger than 
any renewable diesel production facility operating in the 
U.S. today, producing nearly 48,000 bpd.
In March 2022, we announced our intent to form a 
joint venture with Neste for the Martinez Renewable 
Fuels facility. MPC and Neste will leverage their 
complementary core competencies in the joint venture. 
MPC brings experience in renewable diesel facility 
conversion, large capital project execution and operating 
expertise. Neste brings knowledge in sustainable feedstock 
sourcing and in renewable liquid fuels production. 
The agreement reflects both partners’ commitment to 
obtain low carbon intensity feedstocks to achieve the 
project objectives of providing fuels that meet the demand 
driven by the California Low Carbon Fuel Standard 
(LCFS). 
The Martinez facility is currently targeted to begin 
production in late 2022, with full production and 
pretreatment capabilities to come online in 2023. The 
facility is expected to be capable of producing 730 million 
gallons per year by the end of 2023. Estimated total 
project costs for Martinez are approximately $1.2 billion.
CONVERSION OF THE 
MARTINEZ FACILITY FROM A 
PETROLEUM REFINERY TO A 
RENEWABLE FUELS FACILITY IS 
ANTICIPATED TO: 
 y Reduce the facility’s stationary greenhouse gas 
emissions by approximately 60%
 y Lower total criteria air pollutants by 70% 
 y Save 1 billion gallons of water per year 
32  Innovate for the Future  |  Sustainability Report 2021

A Range of Renewable Fuels Solutions
Our current portfolio includes a diverse mix of renewable fuels.
RENEWABLE DIESEL 
Our Dickinson, North Dakota, 
Renewable Diesel facility started 
producing renewable diesel in 
November 2020 and reached full 
capacity in the second quarter 
of 2021. As the second largest 
facility of its kind in the U.S., it can 
produce approximately 184 million 
gallons of renewable diesel per year. 
The facility converts biogenic oils — distillers 
corn oil, soybean oil and tallow—and used cooking oil 
into renewable diesel, which can be used in existing 
infrastructure and engines. The renewable diesel produced 
today has a carbon intensity that’s over 50% lower than 
diesel derived from petroleum, and we continue to explore 
projects that have the potential to produce net-zero 
fuel at the facility, such as renewable electricity, carbon 
capture, utilization and sequestration, and regenerative 
agriculture.
BIOFUELS 
PRETREATMENT
Our Beatrice, Nebraska, 
pretreatment facility, which we 
acquired and repurposed in 2020, 
began operations, processing advantaged feedstock for 
transport to our Dickinson Renewable Diesel facility. The 
pretreatment facility uses Midwestern agricultural and 
waste feedstocks such as distillers corn oil, soybean oil  
and tallow.
Additional feedstock for Dickinson will come from our 
Cincinnati, Ohio, pretreatment facility, which recently 
began operating after being converted from a biodiesel 
plant (pictured on the right).
BIOCRUDE
We are working with 
Fulcrum BioEnergy to 
process approximately 800 
bpd of biocrude derived from 
municipal solid waste.
ETHANOL
Through our joint venture with The Andersons, Inc., we 
have the capacity to produce approximately 475 million 
gallons of ethanol per year. We hold an ownership interest 
in ethanol production facilities in Albion, Michigan, 
Logansport, Indiana, Greenville, Ohio, and Denison, Iowa.
FEEDSTOCK PARTNERSHIP
In 2021, we closed on a joint venture with ADM to produce 
soybean oil to supply the rapidly growing demand for 
renewable diesel fuel. The joint venture, Green Bison Soy 
Processing, LLC, will own and operate a soybean processing 
complex in Spiritwood, North Dakota, with ADM owning 
75% of the joint venture and MPC owning 25%.
Expected to be complete in 2023, the $350 million 
Spiritwood facility will source and process local soybeans 
and supply the resulting soybean oil exclusively to MPC. 
The Spiritwood complex is expected to produce 
approximately 600 million pounds 
of refined soybean oil annually 
— enough feedstock for 
approximately 75 million 
gallons of renewable 
diesel per year.
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Innovate for the Future  33

Moving Toward Commercialization
Virent, a wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, is working to 
commercialize its BioForming® Platform for converting bio-based 
feedstocks into low-carbon renewable fuels and chemicals. It has 
the potential to make a broad impact on the renewables industry 
by developing pathways for producing both renewable fuels and 
chemicals from the carbohydrate portion of plants to achieve 
lower-carbon products.
Feasibility Assessment
Virent and MPC recently initiated a commercial-scale plant 
feasibility assessment. Plans for feasibility include more detailed 
engineering work and exploring commercial options for off-take, 
investment, financing and potential partnerships. The first plant 
focus is currently on gasoline and sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). 
At its facility in Madison, Wisconsin, Virent’s demonstration 
plant has accrued over 30,000 hours of total operating time, 
generating process engineering data that will allow for direct scale-
up to a first commercial plant.
New Market Opportunities
Virent is working to create new market opportunities by enabling 
renewable gasoline, which can reduce the carbon intensity of 
gasoline. Virent’s Bioform® gasoline is currently registered with 
the EPA for use as a gasoline blendstock up to 45% and has the 
potential to achieve a lower carbon footprint for the gasoline 
market. Life cycle analysis studies indicate a greater than 50% 
carbon intensity reduction, with options to achieve net-zero or 
better. When used in a hybrid vehicle, BioForm gasoline can 
provide a carbon intensity comparable to electric vehicles.
Virent has created options for renewable chemicals by expanding 
the market for 100% bio-based plastics, fibers and films. Most 
recently, Coca-Cola’s 100% plant-based bottle prototype was 
developed using Virent’s bio-based paraxylene (BioForm® PX), 
which is made from naturally occurring sugars.
Through this future-facing packaging solution, Virent has the 
potential to contribute to the industry’s goal to achieve 100% 
plant-based content, while also providing opportunities for bio-
based polyester fibers and other bio-based chemical feedstocks. 
Virent contributed to an aviation industry first in December 2021, as United Airlines flew an aircraft 
full of passengers using 100% SAF in one engine and petroleum-based jet fuel in the other. 
Virent used its BioForm® process to produce synthesized aromatic kerosene (SAK) —  
a critical component that made the 100% SAF possible.
Virent’s proprietary technology converts widely available, plant-based sugars into 
fuels that are 100% renewable and 100% compatible with today’s aviation fleet. 
For this flight, Virent used corn sugar to manufacture the fuel component that 
made petroleum blending unnecessary and demonstrated that we can power 
sustainable aviation without modifying today’s modern airline engines or the 
infrastructure that serves the airline industry.
Because Virent’s SAK is made from plant-based feedstocks, the carbon impact on 
a life cycle basis is less than that of petroleum-based fuels. Virent is targeting greater 
than 50% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions for SAK from a commercial project, with 
the potential to achieve net-zero emissions using options such as renewable electricity, renewable 
natural gas and carbon capture and sequestration. Virent has also developed data from engine 
testing that shows an SAF blend using its SAK is cleaner burning and has lower particulate matter 
emissions than conventional jet fuels.
MAKING AVIATION HISTORY
VIRENT’S BIO-BASED FUEL USED IN HISTORIC COMMERCIAL 
PASSENGER FLIGHT USING 100% SUSTAINABLE AVIATION FUEL
34  Innovate for the Future  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Carbon Capture, Utilization and Sequestration 
MPC and MPLX support the continued development and use of carbon capture, utilization and 
sequestration (CCUS) technology as a strategy to reduce emissions of CO2 and reduce the 
carbon intensity of the critical products we supply.1
CCUS Alliances
The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change and the International Energy Agency agree that 
CCUS has a critical role in achieving global greenhouse 
gas reduction goals. Additionally, CCUS is one of the 
best options to enable “hard-to-abate” sectors — such as 
refining, steel and cement — to decarbonize.
CCUS technology has been used in limited applications 
for decades. To further the goal of large-scale CCUS 
deployment, alliances of private companies, federal, state 
and local governments, policy institutions, academia, 
national laboratories, and others are bringing their 
resources and expertise to bear. We see these alliances 
as a way for key stakeholders to leverage each region’s 
resources and advantages to help make progress toward 
reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
1  Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, Special Report: Global Warming of 1.5°C – Strengthening and implementing the global response (April 2022), https://www.ipcc.ch/sr15/. 
International Energy Agency, Special Report on Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage – CCUS in clean energy transitions (September 2020), available at IEA website.
CCUS SITE
Los Angeles, California, refinery ~150,000
Catcher Ranch, Oklahoma, gas plant ~42,000
Albion, Michigan, ethanol plant ~105,000
Denison, Iowa, ethanol plant ~80,000
Greenville, Ohio, ethanol plant ~101,000
Total CO2 captured ~478,000
TONNES CO2 CAPTURED
MPC and MPLX are actively involved in three publicly 
announced alliances — Houston CCS, Appalachian 
Energy Future and the Greater St. Louis and Illinois 
Regional Clean Energy Hydrogen Hub (St. Louis-Illinois 
Hub). At present, the Houston alliance is the largest, with 
14 companies evaluating how to use safe, proven CCUS 
technology at Houston-area facilities. The alliance has 
ambitious goals for the greater Houston area. 
In addition to CCUS, Appalachian Energy Future and the 
St. Louis-Illinois Hub are also exploring hydrogen energy 
production and utilization. The hydrogen energy work of 
these two alliances and other coalitions is a direct response 
to the 2021 Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, 
which provides initial financial support to several regional 
hydrogen hubs. 
THE PRIMARY BENEFIT OF OUR WORK WITH CCUS ALLIANCES 
WILL BE ACCELERATING BROAD-BASED EFFORTS TO REDUCE 
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS.
Near-Term Efforts
 y Increase the understanding and importance of CCUS 
 y Progress enabling legislation and regulations that are foundational for the 
development of large-scale CCUS projects 
CAPTURED FROM MPC AND 
MPLX OPERATIONS AND 
JOINT VENTURES IN 2021  
FOR USE IN
industrial  
applications 
and food and  
beverage 
industry
478,000  
TONNES OF CO2
~
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Innovate for the Future  35

Engaged and Energized Workforce   37 
Embracing a Culture of Safety   49
Engaging Our Stakeholders and Communities   55
Advancing Supply Chain Sustainability   62
Accountable and Transparent Governance   64
36  
Embed 
sustainability
Embracing sustainability in decision-making, in how we engage 
our people and in how we create value with stakeholders

CORE VALUES
Our core values guide the way we treat each other 
and all our stakeholders. We believe how we do our 
work is just as important as what we do.
ENGAGED AND ENERGIZED WORKFORCE
We believe our people are our greatest asset 
and strength. 
We are continuously building on our strong culture, striving 
to create an environment where everyone can be their best 
and bring their full and authentic selves to the workplace. 
We are collaborating to foster an inclusive environment, 
empowering our people and prioritizing accountability, 
promoting a culture of safety, providing broad-based 
professional development, recognizing and rewarding 
accomplishments and offering benefits that support the 
well-being of our employees and their families — all to 
enable fulfilling careers and our collective success — 
because we know we are better together. 
 y Safety and Environmental Stewardship
 y Integrity
 y Respect
 y Inclusion
 y Collaboration
THE HUMAN RIGHTS CAMPAIGN 
(HRC) HAS RANKED MPC A “BEST 
PLACE TO WORK” FOR LGBTQ+ 
EQUALITY FOR THE THIRD 
CONSECUTIVE YEAR.
FOR 2022, MPC SCORED 
100% ON THE HRC’S CORPORATE 
EQUALITY INDEX SURVEY.
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  37

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Increasing Representation
To maintain a competitive workforce and reflect the 
diversity of our communities, we added a diversity, equity 
and inclusion metric tied to compensation – the first U.S. 
independent refiner to do so.
Our goal for 2021 was for external hires to represent at 
least 30% BIPOC and 30% women. We exceeded the 
BIPOC goal with 32% representation, but fell short of our 
women goal with only 23% representation. We continue to 
improve our existing programs and evaluate new programs 
that will aid in the retention and recruitment of women.
We made solid progress hiring women and BIPOC 
candidates for senior management roles in 2021, 
including our Vice President of Talent Acquisition and 
DE&I, Vice President of Internal Audit, Vice President, 
Chief Information Security Officer, Vice President of 
IT – Commercial, Assistant Controller of MPLX and the 
General Managers at our St. Paul Park, Minnesota, and 
Canton, Ohio, refineries.
For 2022, we have set a goal for external hires to 
represent at least 26% women and 30% BIPOC.
2021 DIVERSITY, EQUITY 
AND INCLUSION GOAL
 Goal     Women Result     BIPOC Result
External  
hires are at least 
30% WOMEN 
and 
30% BIPOC 
32%
23%
Our Approach to Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We believe that fostering a diverse, equitable and inclusive 
workplace increases success for individuals, teams 
and the company. We strive to create a collaborative 
and supportive environment where all employees can 
build on their strengths and maximize their talents and 
abilities. This enables us to unlock the full potential of our 
teams — embracing the power of our differences while 
demonstrating each day that we are better together. We 
aspire for everyone to bring their unique selves to work, 
for every talent to be realized and every voice to be heard.
Our diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) program 
is guided by a dedicated DE&I team led by our Vice 
President, Talent Acquisition and Diversity, Equity & 
Inclusion and supported by leadership companywide. Our 
program is based on our four-pillar DE&I strategy of 
building awareness, increasing representation, ensuring 
success and measurement and accountability. 
BUILD A  
DIVERSE WORKFORCE
Streamlining our approach  
to managing diverse candidate slates
Establishing new relationships with 
diversity recruiting partners
CREATE A MORE 
INCLUSIVE CULTURE
Increasing support to employee 
networks to capture new and emerging 
opportunities
Enhancing our leadership model with an 
emphasis on inclusive leadership
CONTRIBUTE TO OUR 
THRIVING COMMUNITIES
Identifying and communicating goals for 
diverse supplier commitments
Further aligning our community 
investments with our DE&I 
commitments 
To execute our strategy, our near-term action plans 
are focused on building a diverse workforce, creating a 
more inclusive culture and contributing to our thriving 
communities.
38  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Age 
Representation
Workforce | Age
Generation Z
Millennial
Generation X 
Baby Boomers
2021  
Workforce Metrics
Generation X 43% 
Millennial 41%Baby Boomer 14% 
Generation Z 2%
Senior Management | Age
Generation Z
Millennial
Generation X 
Baby Boomers
All Supervisors | Age
Generation Z
Millennial
Generation X 
Baby Boomers
Generation X 77% 
Millennial 8%Baby Boomer 15% 
Generation Z 0% Generation X 56% 
Millennial 31%Baby Boomer 13% 
Generation Z 0%
Women 
Representation
Workforce
17,670
Senior Management 
148
All Supervisors
2,254
Racial and 
Ethnic Diversity 
Representation
18% 23% 17%
23% 12% 16%
 Baby Boomer - 1946-1964 
 Generation X - 1965-1980 
 Millennial - 1981-1996 
 Generation Z - 1997-2003
KEY: 
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  39

Building a Diverse Workforce
Executing our strategic vision requires that we attract and 
retain the best talent by nurturing new employees and 
providing opportunities for long-term engagement and 
career advancement. Our Talent Acquisition team consists 
of three segments: Executive Recruiting, Experienced 
Recruiting and Campus Recruiting. The specialization within 
each group allows us to specifically address MPC’s broad 
range of current and future talent needs, as well as devote 
time and attention to candidates during the hiring process. 
2021 New Hires
1,366
2021 Intern and Co-op Hires 
296
2021 Intern to Employee Conversions
51
23%
Women
36%
Women
35%
Women
32%
Race/ethnic 
minority groups
25%
Race/ethnic 
minority groups
24%
Race/ethnic 
minority groups
New Hires | Age
Generation Z
Millennial
Generation X 
Baby Boomers
New Hires | Intern and Co-op Hires | Age
Generation Z
Millennial
Generation X 
Baby Boomers
Intern to Employee Conversions | Age
Generation Z
Millennial
Generation X 
Baby BoomersGeneration X 0% 
Millennial 18%
Baby Boomer 0% 
Generation Z 82%
Generation X 0% 
Millennial 7%
Baby Boomer 0% 
Generation Z 93%
Generation X 22% 
Millennial 42%
Baby Boomer 5% 
Generation Z 31%
MPC has provided a three-year grant to the United 
Service Organizations’ (USO) Pathfinder Transitions 
program to support the nonprofit’s cornerstone efforts to 
provide military servicemembers with career resources and 
opportunities to successfully transition back to civilian life. 
During the four recruiting sessions we hosted in 2021, we 
included MPC veteran panels to allow attendees to interact 
with MPC team members who had been through the 
transition process. 
We value diverse perspectives in the workforce, and 
accordingly, we seek candidates with a variety of 
backgrounds and experience. Our primary source of 
full-time, entry-level new hires is our intern and co-op 
program. Through this program, we offer college students 
who have completed their freshman year the opportunity 
to gain hands-on experience in the areas of engineering, 
IT, accounting, finance, marketing, supply chain and other 
relevant disciplines.
40  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Campus Partnerships
University partnerships are an important component of 
MPC's campus recruiting strategy, creating additional 
opportunities for the company to engage with premier 
talent and more effectively build our early career pipeline. 
One of the ways MPC demonstrates its commitment 
to science, technology, engineering and mathematics 
education is by supporting Bridge Programs at partner 
universities. These programs: 
 y Prepare students from underrepresented groups to make 
a successful transition from high school to a university
 y Give students the opportunity to adjust to the academic, 
personal and social challenges they may encounter 
 y Promote a structured environment conducive to building 
the fundamental skills to successfully complete a 
baccalaureate degree
Some of our university partners were able to continue 
leveraging a virtual platform. In 2021, these programs 
included:
 y The Ohio State University Pre First-Y ear Academic and 
Career Engagement (PREFACE)
 y The University of Cincinnati Summer Bridge Program 
As we work to increase representation of women and 
BIPOC candidates, we continue to seek new places to find 
diverse talent. We have been partnering with INROADS 
and with Hispanic serving institutions, including Texas A&M 
University, and historically black colleges and universities 
including North Carolina A&T State University.
2021 HIGHLIGHTS
 y Hosted a tour of our Cincinnati, Ohio, biofuels 
pretreatment facility for students from the University of 
Cincinnati College of Engineering and Applied Science
 y Hosted an information session and MPC panel 
discussion at The Ohio State University Minority 
Engineering Program Seminar
MPC PARTNERS WITH 
OHIO STATE’S SCHOOL OF 
ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL 
RESOURCES
MPC donated $250,000 to The Ohio State 
University School of Environment and Natural 
Resources (SENR) to advance terrestrial wildlife 
ecology research, student learning and sustainability 
and diversity and inclusion scholarships.
 y $165,000 for research in terrestrial wildlife 
ecology
 y $60,000 to create the school’s Diversity and 
Inclusion Scholarship Fund
 y $25,000 for the Students Understanding 
Sustainability and Taking Action to Improve 
Nature and Society (SUSTAINS) Learning 
Community
The gift further enhances Ohio State’s efforts to 
support students from a diversity of backgrounds 
interested in pursuing careers in the environmental 
and natural resource fields. 
The donation supports research to understand the 
benefits of integrated vegetation management on 
utility rights of way with a focus on ecology, soil 
carbon and landowner relations. 
As part of the new partnership, one Ohio State 
student was selected for an internship opportunity 
within Marathon Pipe Line's rights of way vegetation 
management team in 2022. Additionally, one 
student from Ohio State’s SENR was chosen for 
an internship within MPC’s ESG and Stakeholder 
Engagement team.
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  41

Creating an Inclusive Culture 
Employee Network Groups
Having a culture where everyone feels valued and 
confident to be themselves is essential for a workforce to 
thrive. When we’re able to advance this kind of inclusive 
culture, we’re able to attract the most highly skilled and 
diverse employee base. Our employee networks are 
fundamental to achieving this goal. 
Our employee network groups connect employees based 
on similar interests or diversity aspects. Our employee 
network groups use an ally or supporter model so no one is 
excluded. Any employee who wants to join a network can 
— something we strongly encourage. 
ASIAN
The Asian Employee
Network (HOPE)
promotes an
environment that values
diversity and an atmosphere
of Harmony, Opportunity,
Purpose and Encouragement (HOPE).
The group plans employee events and activities year-
round to celebrate and educate our workforce on 
Asian American and Pacific Islander (AAPI) culture 
and experiences. During AAPI Heritage Month, 
HOPE, hosted an educational session to teach 
employees how recognizing individual emotions and 
actions and those of others can enable employees to 
work more effectively with individuals across various 
cultures. During another session, AAPI employees 
shared stories about their cultures, histories, 
traditions and the challenges they face in their 
communities and workplace.
BLACK
The Black Employee Network (PROMISE) works to 
create an environment at MPC and its surrounding 
communities, where Black employees and people of color 
feel welcome, valued and equal. In 2021, PROMISE 
chapters from across the company came together to 
celebrate Juneteenth using the time to reflect on African 
American achievement and resilience and advocate for 
equality and inclusion. Employees supported community 
Juneteenth events across the country, volunteered 
and made donations to organizations supporting Black 
communities and participated in a virtual tour of the 
Slavery and Freedom exhibition at the Smithsonian 
National Museum of 
African American History 
& Culture. 
HISPANIC
The Hispanic Employee Network 
(FAMILIA) strives to create a 
more inclusive workplace through 
engagement, awareness and 
advocacy and provide support for 
Hispanic employees throughout 
the company. In an effort to build 
awareness and provide educational 
opportunities during Hispanic 
Heritage Month, FAMILIA 
celebrated by holding panel discussions, embracing 
Hispanic culture, participating in community volunteer 
opportunities and conveying the importance of allyship. 
FAMILIA also hosted a Cultural Day where they shared 
about the different countries that represent our Hispanic 
employees, including traditional music and food of the 
countries. Bringing Hispanic culture to work is important 
to our members and allies.
These groups focus on six populations—Asian, Black, 
Hispanic, LGBTQ+, Veterans and Women. They are led 
by employees with active involvement from executive 
leadership sponsors. These networks connect colleagues 
from across the company and provide opportunities for 
personal and professional development, networking and 
community involvement. 
From celebrating awareness months to planning events 
and hosting open forums to talk about the challenges 
within a particular affinity, the groups continue to help 
create a welcoming and inclusive environment for all 
employees. 
Our senior executives recognize the strengths of a diverse 
workforce and inclusive workplace and many are engaged 
as employee network sponsors. 
ALMOST 3,500 EMPLOYEES 
BELONG TO OUR 63 
EMPLOYEE NETWORK 
CHAPTERS ACROSS 13 STATES.
42  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

While our employee network groups offer many training 
opportunities on various DE&I topics throughout the 
year, Diversity Awareness and Skills is a required course 
for all new employees to complete within 18 months 
of hire. Employees participate in a course designed to 
increase awareness of the challenges of DE&I, the impact 
on our business and to provide skills to continue building 
Marathon's high-performance team culture. 
LGBTQ+
The LGBTQ+ Employee Network (PRIDE) works to 
promote an inclusive environment and provide resources 
to support our lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and 
queer (LGBTQ+) employees and communities. In 2021, 
PRIDE planned several events to build awareness, such 
as an employee panel focused on the importance of 
LGBTQ+ allies during Pride Month, flying the Pride flag at 
several locations across the company and a 
Spirit Day celebration encouraging 
employees to wear purple to 
stand up against LGBTQ+ 
bullying. During the year, the 
group promoted a training 
“Investing in Allyship” focused 
on important LGBTQ+ 
terminology, the history 
of LGBTQ+ rights and the 
economic impact of inclusion.
VETERANS
Our Veterans Employee Network (HONOR) promotes 
inclusion internally and externally to attract, engage and 
retain prospective veteran employees through employee 
and community events and activities year-round to 
celebrate and educate our workforce on the veteran 
community. HONOR partnered with MPC’s Well ALL 
Ways team in Findlay, Ohio, to host the first Spirit of 
Freedom 5K race, which raised more than $25,000 for 
K9s For Warriors, the nation’s largest provider of service 
dogs to military veterans suffering from post-traumatic 
stress, traumatic brain injury and/or military trauma. More 
than 100 employees, community members, partners and 
sponsors participated in the in-person race and nearly 
130 employees across multiple 
MPC locations participated 
in virtual races. 
Facilitated by our DE&I team, engaging and interactive 
workshops are offered to deepen cultural awareness to 
better understand coworkers and appreciate one another's 
diverse backgrounds and perspectives. From unconscious 
bias training and dialogue on race, to generational 
differences and gender, these workshops provide an open 
forum for employees to have respectful dialogue on 
challenging, important topics.
In partnership with 
NeuroLeadership Institute, the 
DE&I team has redeveloped 
MPC’s unconscious bias 
program, piloted the program 
with a group of leaders and 
plans to continue rolling out the training 
throughout this year. 
WOMEN’S
The Women's Employee 
Network (ARISE) strives 
to attract, retain, inspire, 
support and empower women 
at MPC. The network plans activities 
and events year-round to support gender equality in 
our workplace and communities. ARISE launched the 
ARISE Connections Networking Program, open to all 
ARISE members and allies from across the company. 
This program allows participants to foster intercompany 
relationships and connect with others as peers. ARISE 
Connections provides peer-to-peer networking through 
either partnership matching or self-connection and small 
group micro-mentoring sessions. In its initial kickoff, the 
program has nearly 200 participants across 19 states. 
Employee Training
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  43

Investing in Our Employees
Compensation and Benefits 
Compensation and benefits are some of the most direct ways to acknowledge and encourage 
quality performance and meaningful contributions from our employees. 
To confirm we are offering competitive pay packages in our recruitment and retention efforts, we annually benchmark 
compensation, including base salaries, bonus levels and long-term incentive targets. Our annual cash bonus program is a 
critical component of our compensation, as it provides individual rewards for MPC’s achievement against preset financial 
and ESG goals, encouraging a sense of employee ownership. Employees in our executive-level pay grades, as well as senior 
leaders and most mid-level leaders, are eligible to receive long-term incentive awards to align their compensation to the 
interests of shareholders. In 2021, we began piloting workplace flexibility to allow eligible roles to work remotely one day 
per week. We will continue to evaluate this practice and evolve as we learn from the experience.
TAKING CARE OF OUR 
EMPLOYEES 
When Hurricane Ida hit Louisiana, MPC 
provided fuel, generators, equipment 
and tools and placed 23 employees in 
temporary housing, stabilized 33 homes 
and provided $4,500,000 in interest-
free loans to affected employees.
“Our local service stations were not 
receiving fuel for several days after the 
storm. When they did receive fuel, you 
would have to wait in line for hours. MPC 
helped me with the option to purchase 
gasoline for our generators and vehicles. 
MPC also helped with the option for the 
interest-free loans. By providing these 
services, MPC was a sign of hope during 
stressful times.”
Janice Zeringue 
Analytical Processor
HEALTH  
BENEFITS 
Medical, dental, vision, 
wellness benefits
RETIREMENT 
BENEFITS 
Pension, savings
EDUCATIONAL 
REIMBURSEMENT 
Financial assistance 
of approved degree 
programs, certifications 
and licensing
GIVING AND 
VOLUNTEERISM 
Company match for 
qualified employee 
giving and volunteer 
hours
PAID PARENTAL 
LEAVE 
Eight weeks for 
birthing parent, four 
weeks for nonbirthing 
parent
FAMILY LEAVE 
Unpaid time off for 
certain family and 
medical reasons
RELOCATION 
Relocation assistance to 
help make the transition 
as easy as possible
EMPLOYEE 
ASSISTANCE 
PROGRAM
Free counseling, identity 
protection and more
SCHOLARS 
PROGRAM 
Competitive college 
scholarships for 
children of employees
COMPETITIVE 
BENEFIT 
PROGRAMS 
Annual cash bonus 
program
VACATION 
Up to six weeks paid  
time off
ADOPTION 
ASSISTANCE 
Helping pay for 
adoptions
44  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Health and Wellness
We strive to keep our employees healthy, both physically and mentally. That’s why we operate 19 clinics across our 
locations where medical professionals provide on-site access to health services. We also provide a 24/7/365 nurse hotline, 
on-site amenities such as fitness and wellness resources and virtual and on-site educational sessions on a variety of health 
topics — all delivered by a team of dedicated health and wellness professionals.
Helping Our Employees Be Well ALL Ways
In 2021, we introduced the Well ALL Ways well-being model to emphasize to employees the importance of taking care 
of themselves. Well ALL Ways focuses on preventive health and comes with a financial incentive: Eligible employees who 
complete an online health assessment and a preventive physical exam with an approved health care provider can earn a 
$400 payroll stipend, with an additional $200 for a qualified spouse or domestic partner.
In 2021, we made mental well-being a priority of our 
wellness programing. According to the CDC, mental 
health is vitally important because it affects how we think, 
feel and act. It helps determine how we handle stress, 
relate to others and make healthy choices. 
And mental health is important at every stage of life, 
from childhood and adolescence through adulthood. In 
the workplace, mental health contributes to safety and 
productivity. Our 2021 initiatives included:
 y Preventing Negative Thought Traps - Over 400 
employees attended this webinar from our Employee 
Assistance Program (EAP) and also learned about EAP 
benefits available to them.
 y Let’s TALK Workshop - Over 675 employees attended 
more than 20 workshops on how to support someone 
who may be struggling with mental health.
 y Mindfulness Webinar - This webinar focused on using 
mindfulness to positively support mental well-being. We 
also developed a mindfulness workshop facilitated for 
employees throughout the year. 
 y Unwind Y our Mind Mental Well-Being Challenge - 
This challenge asked participants to track mindful 
minutes or brain breaks during the workday. More than 
200 employees participated in this challenge. 
 y Employee Caregiving Panel - Employee caregivers 
shared their stories and talked about the importance of 
mental health and taking care of yourself when caring 
for others.
CARING FOR OUR EMPLOYEES’ 
MENTAL HEALTH
~ 9,000 EMPLOYEES AND SPOUSES TOOK 
ONLINE HEALTH ASSESSMENTS AND 
RECEIVED PREVENTIVE PHYSICALS
O CCU PATIO N AL
FINANCIAL
S OCIALPHYSICAL
M
ENTAL
Well 
All w ays 
program
There are five key aspects to the Well ALL Ways Program:
 y Occupational - how we foster safe and engaging work
 y Financial – how we build toward financial stability
 y Social – how we connect with others 
 y Physical – how we fuel our bodies 
 y Mental – how we respond to life
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  45

Our programs — which we offer across the organization — 
blend business and leadership content, often with external 
faculty. We use a variety of training methods, including 
visual, audio, print, tactile, interactive, kinesthetic, 
experiential and leader-teaching-leader to address and 
engage different learning styles. We believe networking 
and access to our executive team are key leadership 
success factors, and we incorporate these opportunities 
into all our programs. 
We introduced two new leadership development programs. 
New Leader Onboarding (NLO) is designed for newly 
appointed leaders who have supervisory responsibilities. 
In 2021, 61 supervisors participated as part of a pilot. In 
2022, 180 leaders are expected to participate in NLO. 
The second new program, Frontline Leadership Skills 
(FLS), is intended for supervisors of hourly employees and 
will be available in 2022; 1,400 employees are expected to 
complete the program.
Performance Excellence 
Our performance process helps our people focus on the 
core aspects of their job, align on expectations with their 
supervisors and teams and consider accomplishments 
within the context of how they were achieved. Supervisors 
and employees establish up to five performance 
commitments annually. At the end of the performance 
cycle, employees receive a scorecard that summarizes 
results, including assessing performance in terms of values, 
knowledge and competencies. Each year, nearly 100% of 
our salaried exempt and salaried nonexempt employees 
participate in our performance process. 
Strong leadership is essential to our 
success, and we support our leaders at 
all levels with a broad range of training 
opportunities.
Leadership Development and Employee Training
IN 2021, 1,100+ MPC LEADERS PARTICIPATED IN 
40 DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM OFFERINGS. 
LEADERSHIP PROGRAMS
Leadership Skills for 
Extraordinary Safety 
reinforces fundamental safety leadership 
concepts and strong employee safety 
performance through trust building, 
commitment and responsible leadership. 
Marathon Supervisor 
Development Program  
helps leaders strengthen results oriented and 
effective leadership skills. 
Commercial Skills  
raises awareness of MPC’s business operations 
and builds the necessary skills to identify, 
evaluate, negotiate and execute commercial 
activities supporting MPC’s strategic priorities.  
Marathon Strategic 
Leadership Program  
helps participants develop a deeper 
understanding of MPC’s business strategy, 
the dynamics of strategic leadership and value 
creation. 
Marathon Leadership 
Experience  
blends instruction and experiential learning 
around key leadership skills and business topics, 
including strategic thinking, execution, business 
acumen, innovation, personal leadership 
philosophy and value creation.  
Marathon Advanced 
Leadership Program  
provides tools to help participants think 
and behave differently, navigate and lead 
change, provide the knowledge and leadership 
capabilities to work across organizations, 
incorporate diverse perspectives to produce 
expected results, and unlock their highest 
potential and that of their people.  
46  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Employee Engagement
Employee Experience Survey 
Understanding our employees’ experiences 
at MPC and hearing employee perspectives 
provide insights that strengthen and 
better position us for the future. We have 
implemented a more contemporary process 
for gathering and evaluating employee 
feedback, including doing so more frequently 
and through a wider variety of tools. These 
include conducting targeted “pulse” surveys 
throughout the year and holding focus groups 
to dig deeper and better understand the input 
collected through surveys.
We conducted an employee survey to gather feedback 
on key cultural elements that define and shape positive 
experiences for our employees on a long-term basis. 
The survey evaluated how employees are experiencing 
different aspects of working at MPC and how we can 
improve employee experience.  
Results are being shared with employees and 
companywide action plans and specific business unit plans 
are being developed to focus on the areas where MPC can 
improve the employee experience.
FOCUS GROUPS WERE HELD TO 
BETTER UNDERSTAND THE SURVEY 
RESULTS AND TO HELP EXPLORE 
MEANINGFUL OPPORTUNITIES TO 
ADDRESS EMPLOYEE FEEDBACK. 
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  47

HUMAN RIGHTS ARE FUNDAMENTAL 
TO OUR CORE VALUES OF INTEGRITY, 
RESPECT AND INCLUSION, AS WE 
STRIVE TO MAKE A POSITIVE IMPACT 
ON SOCIETY. 
MPC’s and MPLX’s Policy on Human Rights, Including 
the Rights of Indigenous People represents our 
commitment to respect the human, cultural and legal 
rights of all individuals and communities. MPC also 
expects our suppliers, contractors and other business 
partners to likewise respect human rights and remediate 
human rights impacts in their respective activities. 
We are committed to respecting human rights as set out 
in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human 
Rights and the Voluntary Principles on Security and 
Human Rights. In the development of our policy, we 
identified and continue to monitor the following key 
human rights impacts and risks:
 y Child labor
 y Compensation and benefits
 y Diversity and inclusion
 y Forced or coerced labor
 y Freedom of association and collective bargaining
 y Harassment and discrimination
 y Health and safety
 y Security
MPC and MPLX must follow company policies and 
comply with laws and regulations related to human rights. 
We also work within our sphere of influence and business 
operations to reduce the risk of potential human rights 
violations by identifying risks, monitoring risks, reporting 
concerns and remediating violations that relate to 
identified impacts and risks.
Respecting Human Rights
Human Rights Due Diligence
Human rights due diligence is embedded in our ways 
of working, which are applicable to all employees and 
contractors. Several key standards, procedures and 
processes and accompanying employee training, guide 
our integrated approach to human rights:
 y Our Policy on Human Rights, Including the Rights 
of Indigenous People describes our obligation to 
respect the rights of our employees and members of 
the communities, including Indigenous communities, 
where we operate and provides guidance on managing 
this important responsibility.
 y Our core values guide the way we treat each other and 
all stakeholders. We believe how we do our work is just 
as important as what we do. 
 y Our Code of Business Conduct explains how 
employees, contractors and anyone else acting 
on behalf of MPC and MPLX must behave as 
representatives of the company. MPC provides 
mandatory training and regularly reminds employees 
and contractors about the Code of Business Conduct.
 y We promote the well-being of our employees by 
providing competitive compensation and benefits, 
maintaining safe and healthy work environments, 
respecting their freedom to associate and bargain 
collectively and promoting diversity, equity and 
inclusion. We prohibit harassment and discrimination 
and the use of coerced, forced and child labor.
 y Our Supplier Code of Conduct details our 
expectations for suppliers to not only comply with 
environmental, social and governance clauses in their 
MPC contracts, but to adhere to our fundamental 
values, policies and procedures in how they do 
business.
 y We perform supplier ESG performance assessments 
and evaluate compliance with the Supplier Code of 
Conduct for our Tier 1 Critical Suppliers.
 y MPC’s corporatewide Operational Excellence 
Management System provides a standard and 
integrated approach to identifying, monitoring 
and managing risks in our operations, including 
potential human rights risks.
 y We are committed to respecting our neighbors, 
managing our impacts from projects and operations 
responsibly and contributing to the communities in 
which we operate. For major projects, we conduct 
impact assessments and consider the economic, 
social, environmental opportunities and risks. This 
helps us to manage and reduce impacts on the 
environment and on communities throughout 
the lifetime of the project. We engage with 
communities and other stakeholders as part of our 
impact assessment process to share information, 
consider suggestions and discuss ways to address 
concerns. 
 y Our processes for stakeholder engagement and 
feedback mechanisms support our integrated 
approach to human rights due diligence. Through 
our feedback mechanisms, for example, we 
help provide appropriate channels for individuals 
or communities to raise concerns, whether 
through Community Advisory Panels (CAPs), 
widely communicated and accessible hotlines, 
or community engagements. We then work to 
manage, respond to and resolve issues in a timely 
manner, as appropriate.
 y Our Tribal Affairs Working Group drives proactive 
approaches to building relationships with the 
tribes within our operational footprint. When 
engaging with tribal communities, we seek first 
to understand their culture and unique history, 
traditions and beliefs. Learn more about our 
engagement with Indigenous communities in our 
Engaging with Indigenous Communities section. 
48  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

EMBRACING A CULTURE OF SAFETY
Maintaining High Personal Safety 
Standards 
We empower everyone at MPC and MPLX to create 
and maintain a safe and healthy workplace. Employees 
and contractors are held to the same high standards and 
expectations and are authorized to stop any work if they 
feel at risk. Our Operational Excellence Management 
System (OEMS) is based on the principles of RC14001®, 
including health and safety and the Plan-Do-Check-Act 
continual improvement cycle. 
Together, these components provide us with a 
comprehensive approach to managing risks and preventing 
incidents, illnesses and fatalities. The personal safety 
standards that we implement comply with, and in many 
cases, exceed local, state and federal regulations. We 
train employees and contractors on these standards and 
conduct frequent audits and quality assurance visits using 
internal and external subject matter experts to assess 
the system’s effectiveness. Strict adherence to processes 
and procedures that help avoid safety and environmental 
incidents is integral to our safety culture. 
The safety of our employees, contractors, business partners,  
customers and communities is our No. 1 priority. 
In keeping with our core values, we approach our work with the highest commitment to safety and a focus on caring for 
the environment. To continually reinforce these values and drive strong performance, we combine best practice-based 
operational standards, documented work processes, proven management systems and behavior-based programs to train, 
protect and empower our employees and contractors. 
OSHA’S VOLUNTARY  
PROTECTION PROGRAM
OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Program (VPP) is a 
cooperative program between regulators and industry 
that recognizes and helps drive exemplary safety 
performance at all levels of an organization. 
570,000+ HOURS OF HEALTH AND 
SAFETY TRAINING FOR MPC EMPLOYEES
34 
45
ACHIEVING VPP STATUS
OSHA approves 
qualified sites to one 
of three designations: 
Demonstration, Merit and 
Star, the highest level.
VPP sets performance-based 
criteria for a health and safety 
management system and 
assesses applicants against 
these criteria. 
OSHA conducts a rigorous 
on-site evaluation, including 
meeting with leadership and 
employees, a walk-through 
of the facilities, formal and 
informal interviews and a closing 
meeting to discuss findings and 
recommendations.
1
2
3
VPP STAR 
CERTIFICATIONS 
EARNED
MPC AND 
MPLX 
FACILITIES
COVERING
Sustainability Report 2021 | Embed Sustainability 49

Adhering to Process Safety  
Management Practices
We strive to continually improve the safety of our 
operations by applying good practices in the design and 
implementation of equipment we use and by keeping 
safety risk and mitigation at the forefront. Through our 
OEMS and adherence to Process Safety Management 
(PSM), we work to reduce the number and severity of 
process safety events. 
MPC and MPLX maintain standards for PSM that 
emphasize managing hazards using technologies, 
procedures and management practices. Our Process 
Safety Management program provides a framework and 
systematic approach to continuously improve the safety 
and integrity of our assets while identifying and addressing 
environmental, health and safety risks. It is designed to 
prevent or mitigate an incident’s consequences and assure 
ongoing operations.
We also maintain a rigorous auditing schedule to verify 
facilities are assessed across all process safety elements. 
When issues are identified, they are documented in our 
incident tracking tool, and the findings are tracked to 
closure.
2022 Process 
safety T arget
Achieve a 5% reduction in companywide 
process safety events over 2020 and 
2021 combined average — our two best 
performance years ever — by:
 y Maintaining equipment integrity 
 y Managing change
 y Enforcing safe work practices and operating procedures
32% 
reduction in companywide 
process safety events 
since 2018, and we aim to 
continually improve
50  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Reducing Safety Risks Through 
Peer Observations and Feedback
We implement behavior-based safety (BBS) programs 
across all operations, empowering employees and 
contractors to enhance safety practices in the workplace 
through peer observations. These programs manage 
employee exposure at the working interface: the point 
at which employee activities interact with workplace 
conditions and management systems. Safety excellence 
is directly related to the effectiveness of our organization 
at reducing identified hazards; we have found that BBS 
programs drive strong safety performance.
 y Help identify the reasons for 
operational choices made
 y Reinforce safe behaviors
 y Identify safer ways to perform 
tasks
 y Start conversations that lead to safer decisions 
before injury can occur 
BBS PROGRAMS
Reporting and Tracking Incidents
All employees and contractors have the responsibility to 
report an incident or injury, and we prohibit reprisal for 
reporting. We use a companywide software system to 
actively report, track and identify trends in incidents and 
injuries. The system, overseen by management, enables 
tracking and documentation of incident investigations 
and corrective actions, if needed, until an incident is 
closed. We also use this system to measure our operating 
discipline and management system performance through 
indicators such as management of change tasks. 
FIELD AUDIT  
SCORING TOOL  
MPC refineries are getting valuable safety information to 
employees in the field faster than ever before, thanks 
to new web-based software that creates trend data 
in real-time to bring visibility and prioritization to 
emerging risks. MPC’s refining safety group 
developed the Field Audit Scoring Tool (FAST), 
which allows for quicker trend analysis and 
more timely notifications to the field to help 
avoid potential safety issues. 
Employees can use FAST to complete four 
types of safety assessments: a life critical 
audit, joint jobsite visit, job safety analysis and 
general safety audit. 
Assessment observations might include 
risks such as: 
 y Hoses and cords that create tripping hazards 
 y Wearing inadequate personal protective equipment 
for existing conditions 
 y Working at heights without being properly secured to 
prevent a fall 
 y A lack of communication among workers executing a particular task 
The tool was designed so that anyone with a smartphone or other web-capable 
device can complete an audit in under five minutes, which can yield a large quantity 
of valuable data. Software instantly processes the data to show daily behavioral 
trends on a dashboard that all MPC employees and contractors can access. 
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  51

Putting Safety in the Driver’s Seat
MPC transport drivers safely deliver essential 
transportation fuels to gas stations and other locations 
around the country. In 2021, transport drivers drove more 
than 53 million miles with an at-fault accident rate of 0.22 
per million miles. 
We attribute this strong safety performance to effective 
safety programs across our fleet. Driver observation 
programs comprising of unannounced field observations 
and ride-alongs check that drivers are following policies 
and procedures. All drivers are trained using the Smith 
System, a defensive driving program proven to prevent 
collisions, reduce fuel and maintenance costs and save 
lives. 
In 2021, we enhanced our DriveCam program, including 
sideview cameras on our transport trucks that allow 
visibility down both sides of the truck, along with digital 
video recording (DVR) with the ability to review 100 
hours of recorded exterior video. These enhancements 
help us investigate accidents, improve driver coaching and 
improve future remote driver observations.
75%
reduction in at-fault 
accident rates by 
MPC transport 
drivers since 2017
52  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Employees and Contractors 
Working Together
From our employees and contractors in the field to 
our corporate offices, everyone at MPC and MPLX is 
expected to hold themselves and others accountable to 
our safety standards. We communicate this through a 
robust onboarding process for employees and contractors 
and reinforce it through recurring trainings and safety 
discussions. If employees and contractors alike feel a task 
is being performed unsafely, they have the authority 
to stop the work in progress until the safety concern is 
addressed — no matter how big or small the job may be. 
Our field leadership team members emphasize our focus 
on safety by personally conducting regular safety meetings 
with employees and contractors to promote two-way 
communication and continuous learning.
Prove an 
exemplary 
safety record
Practice sound  
environmental 
stewardship
Receive 
training for 
their specific 
roles
Meet all federal 
and state 
regulations
Utilize innovative 
technology and tools 
to improve safety 
and performance
Show a strong 
health and safety 
culture and 
concern for the 
community
Contractor 
Selection 
Requirements
A THOROUGH CONTRACTOR SELECTION PROCESS 
As reflected in our comprehensive contractor evaluation and selection process, safety is always a priority. 
Prospective contractors’ health and safety programs and safety data, including total recordable incident rates 
and federal OSHA logs, must be vetted by an independent third party before we will sign contracts with them. 
After a job is awarded, but before starting work at any of our facilities, all contractors and subcontractors 
conducting what MPC and MPLX define as “safety sensitive” work must meet a series of requirements. These 
requirements include reviewing our operating guidelines regarding contractor safety management, submitting 
a pre-job safety questionnaire and completing daily safe work permits with input from the contractor. 
11 NESTED CONTRACTED 
COMPANIES ARE  
VPP-CERTIFIED AT OUR 
SITES, WITH MPC 
SERVING AS A SPONSOR
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  53

American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers Safety Awards 
Four MPC refineries and our corporate refining organization were recognized 
by American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers (AFPM) for safety 
performance, program innovation and safety leadership in 2021.
DISTINGUISHED 
SAFETY AWARD
AFPM’s highest honor — awarded to facilities for 
achieving a sustained, exemplary level of safety 
performance. 
  St. Paul Park Refinery
GOLD ELITE AWARD
Awarded to facilities with safety performances in the 
top fifth percentile of industry. 
 Anacortes Refinery 
 Garyville Refinery
SAFETY INNOVATION 
AWARD 
Recognizes sites that have unique and innovative 
programs or practices that effectively improve their 
occupational or process safety performances. 
  Detroit Refinery 
  MPC Corporate Refining 
CHAMBER OF 
SHIPPING OF 
AMERICA’S JONES 
F. DEVLIN AWARD 
FOR SAFETY 
ACHIEVEMENT 
AWARD
MPLX’s Marine organization received the 
Chamber of Shipping of America’s Jones F. 
Devlin Award for Safety Achievement. The award 
recognizes vessels for performing outstanding 
feats of safety during the calendar year. 
ILTA SAFETY  
AWARDS 
MPLX’s Terminal organization earned two safety 
awards from the International Liquid Terminals 
Association (ILTA) in 2021.
  Safety Excellence Award 
Recognizes companies achieving a total employee 
recordable incident rate of 0.75 or less. 
  Safety Improvement Award 
Awarded to companies that demonstrate 
consistent trend-line improvement over the 
previous three years. 
Industry Safety Awards 
54  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

ENGAGING OUR STAKEHOLDERS AND COMMUNITIES
We seek to create shared value with 
our many stakeholders, including the 
communities where we operate. 
We work to understand our stakeholders’ goals, 
perspectives and concerns and incorporate their feedback 
into our business strategies. Our engagement approach 
and programs involve establishing regular communications 
with our local stakeholders, assessing community impacts 
and providing opportunities for stakeholders to share 
their concerns. As our business and stakeholder interests 
evolve, we continue to adapt and expand our approach to 
engagement to meet the changing needs of our company 
and our stakeholders.
Stakeholder Engagement Plans
Our Stakeholder Engagement Plans provide road maps 
of intentional engagement strategies tailored to meet 
the needs of the communities we serve. We consistently 
evaluate key stakeholders and local issues through ongoing 
dialogue, surveys and other feedback mechanisms to keep 
our strategies relevant. This is important to: 
 y Build and maintain relationships 
 y Create and maintain an open dialogue
 y Raise concerns and develop solutions
 y Forge partnerships, where appropriate 
We coordinate stakeholder engagements across our 
organization, to understand and address our stakeholders' 
needs and interests, while driving progress toward our 
shared goals. We have Stakeholder Engagement Plans 
in place for 100% of our refineries and owned and 
operated renewable fuels facilities. We’re enhancing 
relationships with neighbors, landowners and tribes near 
our MPLX assets through ongoing dialogue and proactive 
engagements. 
OUR STAKEHOLDER  
ENGAGEMENT PROCESS: 
 y Helps MPC and MPLX leaders and teams engage 
stakeholders in open dialogue to understand needs 
and concerns, define priorities, identify resources 
and pursue shared goals. 
 y Guides facilities to engage key stakeholders 
and audiences in ways that are tailored to their 
circumstances. 
 y Recognizes that each community where we 
operate has different needs.
HOW WE 
ENGAGE
Define Priorities, 
Impacts and Issues
Identify 
Stakeholder 
and Resources
Purposeful 
Communication
Community 
Investment
Deliberate 
Engagement
Track and 
Measurement 
Engagement
Shared 
Value
Active Engagement
Engaging with our stakeholders means two-way 
communications: listening to and addressing their concerns 
and being accessible to the communities we serve.
Community Hotlines 
We have hotlines available 24 hours a day, seven days a 
week that neighbors of our facilities and landowners of 
our pipeline rights of way can use to contact us to ask 
questions and report concerns. Our teams route messages 
to the appropriate area and are empowered to escalate 
concerns when necessary.
Community Advisory Panels 
Community Advisory Panels (CAPs) are made up of 
community representatives from various backgrounds 
and are established at all our major refining assets. CAP 
meetings provide forums for members to learn more 
about MPC and our operational and community initiatives 
and projects, as well as to ask us questions, raise concerns 
or share about opportunities. 
Preparing for a Just and Responsible 
Transition
We recently published our report on Creating Shared 
Value Through a Just and Responsible Transition, which is 
available on our website. This report frames our ongoing 
commitments and actions, particularly our engagement 
and collaboration with our employees and communities, to 
address the potential social impacts of our business as the 
energy transition progresses. The Just Transition Report 
is informed by the metrics — including acknowledgment, 
commitment, engagement and action — in a new just 
transition indicator published by Climate Action 100+ for 
its Net-Zero Company Benchmark. 
As detailed in our report, we will continue to do our part to 
enhance the opportunities for our people and value for our 
communities as we continue to evolve our business. We do 
this by building upon our long-standing commitments and 
practices, through engaging with stakeholders, investing 
in our people and investing in community workforce 
development.
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  55

Program Highlights 
New Neighbor Program 
MPL’s New Neighbor Program aims to 
build awareness of pipeline activity and 
provide educational tools and resources 
to new landowners. Real-time change 
of property ownership notifications 
allow MPL to engage new landowners 
quickly. Landowners receive initial 
safety communications within weeks 
of reported ownership. These more 
frequent updates have increased employee 
engagement with landowners. 
Depth of Cover Program 
MPL began reaching out to farmers using video messaging 
to raise awareness of shallow pipes to ensure they exercise 
care when landscaping and farming. The program included 
video clips of three to five minutes each showing safe 
methods of working around potential shallow pipelines and 
ways to mitigate the risk. The program emphasizes the 
importance of calling 811 before digging or engaging in 
other farming activities. This form of digital engagement 
has reached approximately 
200 farmers and been 
well received. 
FUELING DETROIT  
EVENT SERIES 
DETROIT, 
MICHIGAN
During the summer and 
fall seasons, the refinery 
hosted the Fueling 
Detroit Event Series, 
four community events 
that included a family movie 
night, the Southwest Detroit 
Farmers Market, Back to School 
Blitz and a Health and Harvest Fair. The events were 
held at the Kemeny Recreation Center and nearly 
250 guests attended each event. 
These events brought community members together 
and helped connect residents to resources such as 
immunizations, health screenings and other wellness 
activities. 
The Fueling Detroit Event Series will continue 
throughout 2022, including a financial literacy 
lunch and learn with Wayne Metropolitan 
Community Action Agency, a 
nonprofit organization serving 
residents throughout Wayne 
County, Michigan.
MPL RECEIVED OVER 
1,200 INQUIRIES ON OUR 
LANDOWNER LINE IN 2021. 
Most of the inquiries were simple questions from 
landowners and fewer than 3% of the calls were 
complaints. We responded to more than 97% of the 
inquiries within three days of receiving the call. The 
remaining calls varied in complexity or did not require a 
response. The average response time for all inquiries was 
15 hours.
MPL Virtual Event to  
Promote Safe Digging 
For the second year in a 
row, MPL hosted an 811 
Spin-to-Win Facebook Live 
Event in partnership with the 
Ohio State Fair. The event 
promoted 811’s Call Before Y ou 
Dig campaign in a virtual setting 
to more than 3,500 viewers. Participants were awarded 
prizes for correctly answering questions related to safe 
digging. In total, 811 Spin-to-Win reached nearly 6,500 
people across the U.S.
Engaging Along the Pipeline 
Marathon Pipe Line LLC (MPL), a wholly owned subsidiary of MPLX, continues to evolve its 
model public engagement program, Earning Y our Trust. This program engages landowners, 
community members, schools and public officials about pipeline safety and infrastructure.
56  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Engaging with Indigenous Communities 
MPC and MPLX are committed to fostering relationships 
with Indigenous communities near our facilities. By 
embracing the culture and ideology of Indigenous 
people, we gain perspective into their rich history and 
understanding on how to best create shared value. 
Indigenous perspectives on safety and the preservation of 
cultural and environmental resources inform our planning 
and execution of projects and operational activities. 
Our Tribal Affairs Working Group drives proactive 
engagements to help build sustainable relationships and 
successful partnerships with tribal communities. We 
routinely engage with Indigenous communities through 
hosting facility tours for tribal leadership, conducting 
business update meetings with tribal governments and 
participating in tribal cultural events.
Respecting Indigenous Cultures
Part of establishing dialogue with tribal partners is 
understanding what is important to them and interacting 
in a manner consistent with their values. We continue 
to provide cultural awareness education programs 
to key stakeholders across our company to improve 
understanding of Indigenous history, traditions, rights, 
cultures and governance. This year, our training programs 
included tribal leaders from the Navajo, Umatilla, 
Cherokee and Blackfeet tribes as guest hosts. 
Ute 
Indian 
Tribe
Swinomish/Samish
Umatilla
Jicarilla Apache
Alaska Native 
Corporations 
& Tribes
Zia Pueblo/
Santa Ana 
Pueblo
Cherokee 
Nation
Sac and 
Fox 
Nation
MHA Nation
Shoshone-
Bannock
Pawnee 
Nation
Osage 
Nation
Southern Ute
Ute Mountain 
Navajo 
Nation
Kalispel Tribe 
Choctaw
Creek
Cheyenne-
Arapaho 
Tribal Partners
• Alaska Native 
   Corporations and Tribes
• Cherokee Nation
• Cheyenne-Arapaho Tribe
• Choctaw Tribe 
• Creek
• Jicarilla Apache 
• Kalispel Tribe 
• MHA Nation
• Navajo Nation
• Osage Nation
• Pawnee Nation
• Sac and Fox Nation
• Samish Indian Nation
• Santa Ana Pueblo
• Shoshone-Bannock
• Southern Ute 
• Swinomish 
• Umatilla
• Ute Indian Tribe
• Ute Mountain  
• Zia Pueblo
Rev. 5/20/22 | Note: Illustrative representation of asset map
(a) Includes MPC/MPLX owned and operated lines, 
MPC/MPLX interest lines operated by others and 
MPC/MPLX operated lines owned by others.
MPC Reﬁneries
MPC/MPLX Pipelines (a)
MPC Renewable Fuels Facility
Key:
“Scholarships like these help me pay my 
tuition and buy books. It helps me reach my 
goals and by furthering our education, we 
build stronger communities.”
Valirie Serawop 
UBTech Student of the Y ear
IN 2021, MPC INVESTED OVER $500,000 WITH ORGANIZATIONS THAT DIRECTLY SUPPORT TRIBAL 
COMMUNITIES IN AREAS WHERE MPC AND MPLX OPERATE. WE ACTIVELY ENGAGE WITH 21 TRIBAL 
COMMUNITIES ACROSS THE U.S. AND LOOK FORWARD TO EXPANDING OUR REACH WITH OTHER TRIBAL 
COMMUNITIES WHERE APPROPRIATE.  
PARTNERSHIP WITH  
UTE INDIAN TRIBE 
In the Salt Lake City area, our partnership with the 
Ute Indian Tribe is multifaceted and long-standing. 
MPC purchases crude from the Ute Indian Tribe, 
has natural gas gathering and processing on Ute 
tribal lands and collaborates with the Uintah Basin 
Technical College on their Commercial Driver's 
License and Diesel Mechanic programs, which are 
well attended by students from the Ute Tribe. 
In 2021, MPC established the Marathon Petroleum 
Tuition Gap Funding Program at the Uintah Basin 
Technical College (UBTech) with a $100,000 grant. 
This program supports students, including those 
from the Ute Tribe, to help pay remaining tuition 
balances where grants, scholarships or tribe subsidies 
may fall short. The funding provided by MPC allows 
participating UBTech students to pursue their 
education without concern for tuition gaps. 
Sustainability Report 2021 | Embed Sustainability 57

Our community investment strategy focuses on 
contributions to and partnerships with charitable 
organizations that: 
 y Reflect the priorities of our community stakeholders
 y Align with our core values
 y Amplify our sustainability strategy
 y Enable us to make a positive, measurable impact in the 
communities where we live and work 
With the introduction of our updated focus areas in 2021, 
we have expanded our reach of projects and programming 
to a broader array of organizations making a difference 
in communities. In addition to our long-standing key 
partnerships, we support initiatives focused on workforce 
development, sustainability and opportunities to support 
thriving communities. 
2021 COMMUNITY INVESTMENTS  
BY THE NUMBERS
Community Investment
170,000+
IMPACTS REPORTED
$21 MILLION+
invested in communities by MPC and MPLX
Data includes a mix of initial results, interim estimates and final reports and 
may fluctuate as programs/projects near completion.
Community 
Investment 
Priorities
Thriving 
Communities Sustainability
Workforce 
Development
$4 MILLION+
employee donations to nonprofits
950+
nonprofits supported
Workforce  
Development Sustainability Thriving  
Communities
Impact 
Summary
Preparing more individuals for 
professional success through 
vocational training, career 
readiness, technical internships 
and scholarships
Protecting the environment and wildlife while 
promoting sustainability and conservation 
through educational experiences 
Meeting basic needs — beyond 
assistance with food and shelter 
— we’re improving access to 
resources like youth development 
and safety initiatives
Impacts  
Reported 7,000+ 120,000+ 43,000+
Top 
Related 
Indicators
 y Improved productivity or 
professional effectiveness 
 y Attained, retained, or 
improved employment 
 y Earned post-secondary 
degree, credential 
 y Accessed resources that helped improve 
health
 y Animals treated; habitat improved
 y Sustainability leaders activated, 
strengthened
 y Acres of land or species protected, 
restored  
 y Improved community 
resources
 y Gained support, improved 
safety
 y Achieved food security, 
improved nutrition
$9 MILLION+
COMMUNITY INVESTMENTS  of  
$25K+ to over 100 ORGANIZATIONS 
HIGH IMPACT COMMUNITY INVESTMENTS
58  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Charitable Contributions and Grants
MPC and MPLX consistently seek unique and innovative investment opportunities that challenge 
the view of typical grantmaking. By engaging with stakeholders from different backgrounds, we 
pursue projects that allow us to create a positive measurable impact and build partnerships across 
diverse organizations.
THRIVING 
COMMUNITIES:  
MEETING BASIC 
NEEDS AND MORE 
FOOD BANKS AND FIRST 
RESPONDERS SUPPORT
Across our operational footprint, we’re working hard to 
meet the most basic needs in the communities where 
we live and work. From responding to increased needs 
such as food security, to continuing support for safety 
initiatives, our commitment to thriving communities is 
helping us to make a difference in the lives around us. 
We’ve invested more than $350,000 in food banks 
and meal programs that benefit our neighbors in all 
stages of need. Our partnerships allow us to host drive-
thru food distribution events and fund community 
meal programs, as well as provide weekend meals to 
school-aged students. 
To keep our communities safe, MPC has also invested 
more than $345,000 to first responder organizations 
across our territories. We are committed to helping 
firefighters, health care providers and law enforcement 
respond effectively when needed. 
PASO DEL NORTE COMMUNITY 
FOUNDATION — EL PASO, TEXAS 
We’re developing the air quality monitoring 
capabilities for the Paso del Norte Air Basin to offer 
more robust air quality information. The expanded 
capabilities will offer increased communication 
between environmental authorities at federal, state 
and local levels in Mexico and the U.S., as they 
focus on solving air quality challenges in the Paso del 
Norte region.
Air quality in this region poses complex challenges 
due to geography, population, multistate and 
international jurisdictions due to its extension 
across state lines and the U.S.-Mexico border. 
Close to 3 million people live, travel and trade in 
this mountainous region. MPC funds are helping by 
adding a new monitoring station to the network in 
Ciudad Juarez, Mexico.
With MPC’s contribution, the installation of an 
additional monitoring station will increase the 
current capacity of the network by 33%. This first-
of-its-kind partnership was developed to support 
long-term, sustainable operations and maintenance 
of the air quality monitoring network. 
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT: 
HOW WE’RE HELPING
HABITAT FOR HUMANITY — 
MARTINEZ, CALIFORNIA
The Martinez Renewable Fuels facility launched 
its signature Hands on for Habitat program, a 
three-year partnership with Habitat for Humanity 
East Bay/Silicon Valley that takes high school 
students focused on construction trades beyond the 
classroom and into the world of volunteerism and 
real-world construction experience. Each year, the 
program will benefit more than 100 11th and 12th 
graders enrolled in construction trade programs in 
the Mount Diablo, Martinez and Pittsburg school 
districts.
Through this innovative program, MPC is helping 
students explore high-paying careers while 
advancing the goal of building the 
workforce pipeline for our 
industry and the Bay 
Area economy.
SUSTAINABILITY:  
CLEARING THE AIR
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  59

Employee Giving and  
Volunteer Incentive Programs
Our employees are passionate about giving to 
and volunteering for nonprofit organizations 
in our communities. That’s why we provide 
a robust matching gifts program and reward 
those who invest their time. We match 100% 
of employee donations, dollar-for-dollar, 
to qualified 501(c)(3) organizations, up to 
$10,000 per calendar year. 
Matching Gifts for Higher Education provides a company 
match of up to $10,000 for qualified gifts to two- and 
four-year accredited colleges and universities. This is 
separate from and in addition to the Employee Giving 
Program match.
Our Volunteer Incentive Program allows employees to 
earn a $500 award for the charity of their choice by 
volunteering 24 hours or more with a qualified nonprofit. 
Employees may earn one individual award and one group 
award for a total of $1,000 in potential awards per year.
2021 EMPLOYEE GIVING 2021 EMPLOYEE VOLUNTEERISM
$3.5 MILLION+
match on employee donations
$4 MILLION+
employee donations
57,500+ 
number of employee volunteer hours
800+
number of volunteer projects
60  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

WINTER STORMS IN THE SOUTH
In February 2021, winter storms swept the nation, 
delivering heavy snow in the South that affected MPC 
facilities and employees in Texas and Kentucky. Many 
were without power and water for days while utility crews 
worked to restore service.  
In addition to distributing clean drinking water to 
employees at our San Antonio and Galveston Bay 
facilities, MPC also matched qualifying donations 
dollar-for-dollar through our matching gifts program and 
provided disaster relief support in the form of grants to the 
Salvation Army in Ashland, Kentucky, the San Antonio 
Food Bank and the United Way of Galveston. 
DEVASTATING TORNADOES 
In December 2021, tornadoes directly impacted many 
communities, including our refineries in Robinson, 
Illinois, and Catlettsburg, Kentucky. Employees donated 
clean drinking water, cots and children’s toys to help and 
comfort displaced families. MPC also provided grants in 
the amount of $10,000 each to the American Red Cross 
of the Kentucky Region and to Team Kentucky to aid 
recovery initiatives. 
HUMANITARIAN AID FOR UKRAINE
As war continues to ravage Ukraine, our thoughts are 
with those immediately affected by the violence and 
destruction. To assist those in need, MPC:
 y Donated $1 million to organizations providing direct 
assistance
 y Implemented a special match program for employee 
donations separate from and in addition to the regular 
matching gifts program
 y Hosted local collections and fundraisers to support 
displaced families
THERE WHEN WE ARE 
NEEDED MOST
HURRICANE IDA RESPONSE
On Aug. 29, 2021, Hurricane Ida made landfall in Louisiana as a 
Category 4 storm. Ida passed directly over an area that's home 
to more than 1,000 MPC employees, our Garyville refinery, the 
Garyville, Mt. Airy and St. James terminals, and several pipeline, 
marine and trucking assets. In the aftermath of the storm, the 
safety of our employees and community members was our 
primary concern.
Stepping Into Action — Our Initial Response
 y $1 million donated by MPC to local charitable organizations and 
municipalities in and around St. John the Baptist Parish. 
 y Distributed food, water, hygiene items and other essentials. 
 y Mobilized volunteers to assist employees with their damaged 
homes. 
 y Helped address short- and long-term housing needs for 
employees.
 y Provided $4,500,000 in interest-free loans to employees for 
recovery assistance. 
 y Implemented a special matching gift program that matched the 
first $25,000 of employee gifts made to the American Red 
Cross of Louisiana and St. John United Way. 
 y $50,000 donated and hundreds of volunteer hours served by 
employees to aid recovery. 
Long-Term Recovery Support
 y Joined the St. John Parish Long Term Recovery Group to assist 
individuals and families with unmet needs due to the storm.
 y Partnered with St. John United Way and Eight Days of Hope 
to rebuild damaged homes — 50 MPC employees and 1,500 
volunteers from 42 states participated.
 y $3 million donated by MPC to provide roofing, painting, 
carpentry and drywall work at no cost to families impacted.
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  61

Our commitment to sustainability across the value chain extends to the 
integration of ESG within our supply chain strategy. 
As we experience more fluid and challenging supply landscapes, it is imperative to have a supply chain that is adaptable, 
agile and able to quickly respond to local, national and global events. MPC and MPLX strive to effectively consider risk 
when making strategic and operational decisions that will allow for the continuity of goods and services required to support 
our operations. Through MPC 's and MPLX’s programs governing supplier selection, supplier compliance assurance, 
supplier diversity and supplier recognition, we continue to improve our operations and business practices to manage risk 
and capture opportunities.
We train our supply chain employees on sustainable procurement, including health, safety and environmental issues, 
compliance and ethics, human rights and diversity. This empowers employees to be educated, aware and proactive to 
minimize risk through supplier selection, contracting and compliance assurance.
No significant changes to our Tier 1 supply chain occurred in 2021 that would cause or contribute to significant economic, 
environmental or social impacts.
Managing Risk Through Supplier 
Selection 
MPC and MPLX value relationships with the thousands of 
suppliers that enable us to operate in a safe and efficient 
manner. 
We partner with our suppliers to provide essential goods 
and services and strive to work with suppliers that are 
committed to sustainability, maintain high safety and 
ethical standards, offer innovative, value-added capabilities, 
understand our business, embrace quality procedures and 
processes, and offer superior technology, cost or service 
advantages. 
Our supplier selection process is a valuable tool for us to 
manage risk within our supply chain. Potential suppliers 
are evaluated against key safety metrics and programs 
through our robust procurement process. Between the use 
of predominantly U.S. domestic suppliers bound by U.S. 
laws and regulations and focused vetting of international 
suppliers, our strategic procurement decisions 
reduce supply chain risks related to personnel safety, 
environmental issues and human rights.
To advance continuous improvement, we have set a goal 
to comprehensively assess our current risk management 
program by mid-2023. Through this process we will 
update identified risks, identify any gaps and opportunities 
for improvement and implement enhancements to 
strengthen our overall program.
ADVANCING SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY
2021 Non-U.S. Spend by Country1 
(non-U.S. spend %)
Supply Chain Non-US Spend
Other
Spain
Netherlands
Ireland
Canada
United Kingdom
United Kingdom 36% Ireland 14%
Canada 20% Netherlands 12%
Spain 7%
Other 11%
1  Excludes crude/feedstock purchases; Other category includes the following countries each 
having spend of 6% or less: South Korea, Mexico, Italy and Hungary.
4,400+ 
hours of supply chain 
sustainability-related 
training
IN 2021, MPC 
AND MPLX SPENT 
NEARLY  
$7 BILLION 
WITH OVER 
12,000 
SUPPLIERS. 
62  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Advancing a Diverse Supply Chain
MPC and MPLX are committed to a diverse and inclusive 
supply chain—one that is reflective of the communities 
where we live and operate. Supplier diversity helps us 
build a stronger, better, more competitive company. We 
actively build partnerships with diverse suppliers across 
our operations, and we are committed to providing equal 
and impartial opportunities to meet our business needs. 
This approach stimulates local economic development 
and enhances our long-term business performance by 
attracting qualified providers of goods and services and 
improving supplier competition and sustainability. We 
actively participate in organizations that support the 
development of diverse and small businesses in the U.S. 
We are corporate members of several diversity councils, 
including the National Minority Supplier Development 
Council, National LGBT Chamber of Commerce and the 
Women’s Business Enterprise National Council.
Supplier Code of Conduct 
How we conduct ourselves is just as important as the 
results we achieve. This expectation applies not just to 
our employees, but also to our valued partners who play 
a role in the safe, responsible and reliable operation of 
our business. Our Supplier Code of Conduct details 
our expectations of our suppliers’ standards and work 
practices. We expect our suppliers not only to comply 
with environmental, social and governance clauses in 
their contracts with MPC, but to adhere to our policies, 
procedures, Code of Business Conduct and our Supplier 
Code of Conduct and apply them to how they do 
business. We provide an Integrity Helpline and encourage 
all suppliers to anonymously report suspected unethical 
or illegal acts. As a precondition to participating in our 
standard bidding process, potential suppliers must first 
acknowledge and accept the Supplier Code of Conduct. 
Recognizing and Rewarding 
Performance
Our annual Supplier Recognition Awards program is 
designed to recognize MPC and MPLX suppliers for 
outstanding performance in alignment with our core 
values. Ten awards were given in the following categories:
 y Sustainability Partnerships
 y Innovative Partnership
 y Exceptional Partnership
 y Diverse Supplier of the Y ear
 y Supplier of the Y ear
$575 MILLION
Total Supplier Diversity  
Program spend for 2021
$1.2 BILLION+
Total Supplier Diversity  
Program spend since 2019 
COMPLIANCE ASSURANCE
In 2021, we made significant progress in implementing ESG performance assessments  
and Supplier Code of Conduct compliance evaluations of our Tier 1 Critical Suppliers. 
~90 OF OUR TIER 1 CRITICAL SUPPLIERS ARE  
PARTICIPATING IN OUR ESG ASSESSMENT
 y Environmental, health, safety and security 
 y Legal and ethical compliance 
 y Conflict minerals 
 y Conflicts of interest 
 y Human rights 
 y Diversity 
 y Compliance assurance 
 y Reporting unethical or illegal acts 
THE SUPPLIER CODE OF 
CONDUCT EMPHASIZES 
EXPECTATIONS OF SUPPLIERS 
IN THE AREAS OF: 
ROBCO SERVICES 
RECEIVES REFINING'S 
DIVERSE SUPPLIER OF THE 
YEAR AWARD IN 2021
RC Williams Enterprise dba Robco Services (Robco) is a 
leader in janitorial and facility management services based 
in Texas City, Texas. 
Robco’s skill set was invaluable in support of the Galveston 
Bay refinery in 2020 when the refinery was faced with 
the task of maintaining operations to support the nation’s 
critical energy needs during the global pandemic. At a 
time when little was known about COVID-19, Robco 
stepped up to partner with MPC and focus on aspects of 
the situation we could control, including increased safety 
protocols, additional cleaning and mitigation measures.
Robco’s assistance in keeping our facilities safe provided 
MPC employees with peace of mind as they reported to 
work during an uncertain time. 
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  63

Senior Leadership Industry  Sustainability &  
Public Policy
Finance &  
Accounting Risk Management Operations Government, Legal 
& Regulatory
Public Company 
Governance
Abdulaziz F. Alkhayyal • • • • • •
Evan Bayh • • • • • •
Charles E. Bunch • • • • • • •
Jonathan Z. Cohen • • • • • • •
Steven A. Davis • • • • • • •
Edward G. Galante • • • • • •
Michael J. Hennigan • • • • • • •
Kim K.W. Rucker • • • • • • •
Frank M. Semple • • • • • • •
J. Michael Stice • • • • • • •
John P. Surma • • • • • • • •
Susan Tomasky • • • • • • •
Director Skills and Experience
ACCOUNTABLE AND TRANSPARENT GOVERNANCE
Our Board of Directors
Our Board provides oversight for our 
company operations and activities, as well as 
our strategic direction that includes ESG and 
sustainability objectives.
The Board believes that MPC’s commitment to strong 
corporate governance benefits all our stakeholders, 
including our shareholders, employees, business partners, 
customers, communities, the government and others who 
have a stake in how we operate.  
Our directors bring a range of backgrounds, critical skills, 
perspectives and expertise to our Board. Our Corporate 
Governance Principles affirm our Board's long-standing 
commitment to actively seek diverse Board candidates 
with a focus on women and individuals with diverse ethnic 
and racial backgrounds. 
2021 GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS
11/12
independent directors with an independent chairman  
of the board
At year-end 2021, 11 of MPC’s 12 directors were independent 
as defined by New Y ork Stock Exchange guidelines.
5.6
years of tenure
The board of directors' average 
tenure is 5.6 years.
100%
board meeting attendance
Each director attended 100% of board and 
committee meetings in 2021. 
42%
board diversity
At year-end 2021, 42% of directors were 
female and/or a racial/ethnic minority or 
Native American Tribal member.
64  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Sustainability Governance BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AUDIT  
COMMITTEE
ESG Responsibilities and 
Oversight: 
 y Enterprise risk 
management process
 y Legal and regulatory 
compliance
 y ESG-related financial 
reporting
 y Business integrity and 
compliance 
 y Business continuity
 y Cybersecurity and data 
privacy
COMPENSATION 
AND 
ORGANIZATION 
DEVELOPMENT 
COMMITTEE
ESG Responsibilities and 
Oversight: 
 y Human capital 
management strategies 
and policies, including 
DE&I initiatives, as 
well as pay equity, 
talent and performance 
management practices
 y Stakeholder 
engagement for 
compensation 
and human capital 
management matters
 y Compensation program, 
including annual cash 
bonus program
CORPORATE 
GOVERNANCE 
AND NOMINATING 
COMMITTEE
ESG Responsibilities and 
Oversight: 
 y Board succession 
planning and 
commitment to diversity
 y Codes of conduct and 
corporate policies 
 y Legislative and regulatory 
developments and 
stakeholder engagement 
relating to corporate 
governance matters
SUSTAINABILITY 
AND PUBLIC POLICY 
COMMITTEE
ESG Responsibilities and 
Oversight: 
 y Policies and programs 
regarding sustainability, 
ESG and Health, 
Environment, Safety and 
Security (HES&S)
 y Climate change and 
sustainability reporting and 
targets
 y Public policy positions 
 y Political contributions and 
lobbying activities
 y Legislative and regulatory 
developments and 
stakeholder engagement 
relating to sustainability, 
ESG and public policy 
matters
Our corporate impacts, risks and opportunities are 
identified and managed by company leadership with 
oversight from our Board. The Board, which has the 
ultimate responsibility for and is actively engaged in, 
overseeing risk:
 y Reviews strategic risks annually at a designated strategy 
meeting and on an ongoing basis throughout the year.
 y Delegates responsibility for managing certain types of 
risk to its committees, which report regularly to the 
Board on activities in their individual areas of oversight.
The Board has four standing committees, each of 
which is responsible for specific areas of oversight and 
policy decision-making, as set forth in our Corporate 
Governance Principles and each committee’s charter.
Our executive leadership team has primary responsibility 
for sustainability strategies and standards. Sustainability 
is embedded in several cross-functional leadership 
committees that help incorporate our objectives into our 
Operational Excellence Management System (OEMS) 
standards and sustainability strategies. These are in turn 
cascaded throughout the organization through leadership 
teams and cross-organizational teams. Standards and 
strategies developed by committees of the executive 
leadership team are aligned with related procedures and 
plans at the operational level. Leadership meets routinely 
on these matters and reports to the Board and its 
committees throughout the year.
COLLABORATION AND  
COMMUNICATION AMONG THE 
BOARD, ITS COMMITTEES AND 
MPC LEADERSHIP ARE CRITICAL 
TO MAINTAINING OUR ALIGNED 
DIRECTION ON SUSTAINABILITY 
MATTERS.
MPC Executive Leadership Team
Sustainability is embedded across executive 
committees with responsibility for sustainability 
strategies and standards
External Policy Committee, HES&S Management Committee, 
Enterprise Risk Management Committee, Strategic Steering Committee
Leadership Team
Drives sustainability strategies across the enterprise
ESG and Sustainability Working Group, HES&S Planning 
Committee, Renewable Energy Steering Committee
Cross-Functional Teams
Implement key sustainability strategies, programs and plans
Environmental Justice Team, Climate Policy and Strategy Team, Embedding and 
Communicating ESG Team, Focus on Water and Focus on Energy Teams
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  65

Operational Excellence Management System
Everyone, from our employees to our contractors and 
business partners, contributes to our sustainability 
performance. As set forth in our policies, standards 
and procedures and managed through our Operational 
Excellence Management System (OEMS), we strive to 
conduct business safely, responsibly and cost effectively. 
Building on Best Practices
Our OEMS helps us manage risks and internal and 
external requirements, engage with our stakeholders 
and further deliver on our sustainability objectives. Our 
current OEMS reflects more than 15 years of refining a 
comprehensive RC14001® environmental, health, safety 
and security management system. 
In 2020, we published our new, integrated OEMS. It 
expands on the RC14001® scope, aligning with ISO 
9001, which incorporates quality and an increased focus 
on a process approach and stakeholder engagement.
Advancing Our Performance
Our OEMS outlines the requirements that will enable 
us to achieve our goals, improve our performance and 
lead to long-term success. It provides an iterative process 
and tools to continually improve the work we do through 
maintaining operational discipline and speaking up with 
ideas and concerns. 
We apply performance-based standards that complement 
our OEMS and establish organizational expectations. 
We also periodically review and update these standards 
to reflect changes in laws or regulations, incorporate 
recommendations arising from audits and incident 
investigations, integrate stakeholder feedback and 
continually improve our performance. 
Our Health, Environment, Safety and Security (HES&S) 
Management Committee, comprising executive 
leadership team members, oversees the companywide 
implementation of our OEMS. 
EMBEDDING OEMS COMPANYWIDE
We have—and continue to implement — resources and tools 
companywide, such as our OEMS Playbook and OEMS Centers  
of Excellence. 
 y OEMS Playbook – Published to further embed our OEMS across the company and provide employees 
with resources that support continual improvement and risk management. To view our OEMS Playbook 
please visit our website.  
 y OEMS Center of Excellence – A companywide forum for sharing best practices and lessons learned and 
promoting continual improvement. The forum includes 30 employees tasked at ensuring management 
system approaches across MPC and MPLX align with the OEMS framework. They also develop 
attestation audit recommendations, engage in collaborative audit conversations and create OEMS 
awareness training and content for use companywide.
OUR COMPANY IS 100% IN 
SCOPE OF OUR OEMS, WHICH 
HAS BEEN REVIEWED BY A 
THIRD PARTY FOR ALIGNMENT 
WITH RC14001® AND ISO 9001.
66  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

Risk Management
A Comprehensive Enterprise Risk Management 
Program 
We apply an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) 
methodology to identify, assess and manage enterprise-
level risks and review the effectiveness of risk-mitigation 
strategies. Enterprise-level risks cover environmental, 
social and governance risks and include topics such as 
climate change and compliance, as well as other social 
and governance risks as deemed appropriate. We describe 
additional risks in our Annual Report on Form 10-K 
and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission.
Identifying Emerging Risks
Our continuous and dynamic ERM process helps us 
identify emerging risks that may impact our ability to 
operate and allocate resources efficiently. The process 
involves a cross-functional review of potential enterprise-
level risks, including risks related to sustainability. Our 
enterprise risk manager leads the process with quarterly 
leadership workshops that involve key leaders who are 
responsible for our sustainability priorities. Our risk 
analysis includes an examination of the causes and 
consequences of each enterprise level risk, as well as the 
development of strategies to mitigate risks — imminent 
and potential — and position us to capitalize on new 
opportunities.
Broad-Based Governance
We have formed an ERM community of practice to 
support the ERM Committee. Comprising mid-level 
risk and assurance representatives across our value chain, 
it meets quarterly to discuss, develop, standardize and 
integrate risk management best practices throughout the 
company to support risk-based decision-making.
Our Board of Directors and executive leadership team 
routinely review and discuss enterprise-level risks and 
strategies. The Board’s Audit Committee further reviews 
our ERM process and performance trends and oversees 
internal controls and audits to evaluate their effectiveness.
Managing Climate-Related Risks
We carefully review, evaluate and manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities to enable our ability to adapt and 
strengthen our resiliency. These include both transitional 
and physical risks that we routinely discuss with the 
Board’s Sustainability and Public Policy Committee and 
executive and senior leadership committees.
For more information on how we manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and the role cross-functional 
committees play, please see Page 7 of our annual 
Perspectives on Climate-Related Scenarios report. 
Overseeing Risks Related to Regulatory Changes
As part of our ERM process, our Board oversees risks 
related to the regulatory landscape. That includes 
emerging and proposed regulations related to issues that 
have the potential to impact our business, such as GHG 
and other air emissions, water withdrawals and effluents, 
hazardous materials management, product specifications 
and employee health and safety. 
Identifying and Disclosing Risks
We disclose material risks to our company in the Risk 
Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and 
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q that are filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Categories of risk 
described in these reports include:
 y Business and Operational Risks
 y Financial Risks
 y Legal and Regulatory Risks
 y Strategic Transaction Risks
 y General Risk Factors
AUDIT COMMITTEE
COMPENSATION AND 
ORGANIZATION DEVELOPMENT 
COMMITTEE
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND 
NOMINATING COMMITTEE
SUSTAINABILITY AND PUBLIC 
POLICY COMMITTEE
EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM
Establishes and drives ERM strategies
ERM COMMITTEE
Directs ERM process for identifying, 
assessing and managing enterprise risk 
Monitors the performance of risk 
mitigation strategies
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Oversight of Risk Management
Roles and Responsibilities
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  67

Ethics and Compliance 
Dedicated to the Highest Standards 
Through the many aspects of our Compliance and 
Ethics Program and Business Integrity and Compliance 
initiatives, MPC and MPLX work to observe the highest 
standards of conduct in every way.
Roles and Responsibilities
MPC'S CHIEF  
COMPLIANCE OFFICER
Oversight of Compliance and Ethics
BUSINESS INTEGRITY 
COMMITTEE
Promotes the effectiveness of 
enterprisewide Compliance and 
Ethics Program
EXECUTIVE 
LEADERSHIP 
TEAM
SENIOR 
MANAGEMENT
The Code also requires that all employees immediately 
report any suspected illegal or unethical conduct 
connected with the business of MPC or its affiliates. 
Our Code applies to every employee at all levels of MPC 
as well as all consolidated subsidiaries, including those 
providing services to MPLX. Our Code also applies to 
the members of the boards of directors of MPC and the 
general partner of MPLX. Business partners, including 
suppliers, consultants and contract workers, all have 
an impact on our reputation. As a result, we work with 
business partners that share our commitment to quality, 
safety, ethics and compliance, and we expect them to act 
in a way that is consistent with our Code.
Approved by the Board, the Code of Business Conduct 
incorporates topics such as:
 y Our Anti-Corruption Program
 y Our Anti-Discrimination and Anti-Harassment Policies
 y Anti-trust and fair competition compliance
 y Our Conflicts of Interest Policy
 y Our Insider Trading Policy
 y Money laundering compliance
Code Audits
Our Code’s annual audit includes a review of business 
conduct governance, conflicts of interest, employee 
disclosures, MPC and MPLX Codes of Conduct Policies, 
anti-corruption compliance, insider trading, aircraft 
usage, vendor ethics communication and officer business 
expense reports. Objectives in these categories are 
reviewed and tested by MPC’s Internal Audit organization 
in conjunction with Law, Government Affairs, Business 
Integrity and Compliance, Treasury, Aviation, Expense 
Reporting, Tax and Human Resources, as required.
Code of Business Conduct
Operating with the highest standards of integrity is part of 
our culture. These standards are woven into our day-to-
day work and through our Code of Business Conduct, 
which is based on the overarching principle that we always 
strive to do the right thing.
By defining expectations for ethical decision-making, 
accountability and responsibility, our Code helps us make 
sound business decisions. 
Code Training and Certification
All new employees are required to take Code of Business 
Conduct training and complete a new-hire questionnaire. 
Salaried employees complete an annual Code of Business 
Conduct certification that enables employees to disclose 
issues that could present a violation of the Code. Business 
partners — including suppliers, consultants and contract 
workers — are expected to comply with both the Code 
of Business Conduct and applicable law and to support 
effective compliance programs in their own organizations. 
Suppliers must also comply with our Supplier Code of 
Conduct.
TRAINING METRICS
100% 
of employees who travel internationally 
for business completed comprehensive 
anti-corruption training
100% 
of all salaried MPC employees completed 
the Code of Business Conduct certification
99.6% 
of new MPC employees completed  
Code of Business Conduct training
68  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

POLICIES
Human Rights
Our Policy on Human Rights, Including the Rights of 
Indigenous People, represents our commitment to respect 
the human, cultural and legal rights of all individuals and 
communities. For more information on our commitment 
to Human Rights, please see Page 48 of this report.  
Conflicts of Interest
Our Conflicts of Interest Policy helps employees 
recognize and resolve real or apparent conflicts of interest. 
This policy acknowledges that business decisions on behalf 
of the company must be made by exercising independent 
judgment in the company’s best interest and not 
influenced by the personal interests of decision-makers.
Legal Compliance and Beyond 
We comply with legal requirements governing all areas 
of our business. We also expect our employees to be 
knowledgeable about applicable legal requirements and act 
accordingly.
Our approach to ethics goes beyond compliance with 
evolving laws and regulations to include implementing 
proactive initiatives to safeguard our business reputation, 
the environment and the communities where we live 
and work. We are committed to selecting contractors, 
suppliers and other business partners that demonstrate 
similar practices, and our protocols guide this aspect of the 
selection process. 
Integrity of Financial Records
The chief executive officer, chief financial officer, 
controller, treasurer and other leaders performing similar 
roles at MPC and MPLX are subject to our Code of Ethics 
for Senior Financial Officers. 
Anti-Corruption 
We maintain a zero-tolerance policy regarding bribes or 
facilitation payments in any form and require compliance 
with all applicable laws pertaining to bribery and 
corruption, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices 
Act. 
Anti-Discrimination
As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we give consideration 
for employment to qualified applicants without 
discriminating on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, 
sex, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding 
or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender 
identity, gender expression, age, mental or physical 
This separate Code of Ethics affirms the principles of 
honesty, integrity and sound judgment that we expect of 
senior executives who are responsible for preparing and 
certifying our financial statements. 
In responding to and reporting any alleged Code of Ethics 
violation, our Business Integrity and Compliance group 
has direct access to the Board chairman, chief executive 
officer, chief financial officer, vice president of Audit and 
the chair of the Board’s Audit Committee.
24/7 Anonymous Integrity Helpline
The Integrity Helpline enables employees, contractors, 
vendors, customers, community members and others 
to ask questions or raise allegations related to workplace 
behavior or ethics. While all our employees are encouraged 
to speak with their immediate supervisors or Human 
Resources representative if they have questions or 
concerns related to ethics and the Code, the helpline is an 
additional avenue to do so anonymously.
Every allegation received through the helpline or reported 
to MPC Human Resources is investigated in a manner 
and to the extent appropriate, based on the nature of the 
allegation. Our goal is to resolve all matters within 90 days.
Where warranted, investigations may result in discipline, a 
change in policy or procedure, or a determination that an 
allegation could not be substantiated.
WE MAINTAIN A FIRM  
NO-RETALIATION POLICY AND WILL 
NEVER PERMIT A GOOD-FAITH 
SUBMISSION TO BE A CAUSE FOR 
DISCIPLINARY ACTION. 
Allegation statistics are reported to the Audit Committee 
of the Board of Directors twice per year, with certain 
types of allegations escalated rapidly, including certain 
allegations regarding financial statements and reporting 
and allegations of Code violations by directors or officers.
disability, medical condition or AIDS/HIV status, ancestry, 
national origin, genetic information, military or veteran 
status, marital status, citizenship or any other status 
protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.
Whistleblowing 
Our Whistleblowing Policy, as it relates specifically to 
accounting matters, addresses complaints we may receive 
regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or 
auditing matters. This policy establishes procedures for the 
receipt, retention and treatment of allegations of unethical 
behavior and provides for the confidential, anonymous 
submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting 
matters.
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  69

Cybersecurity and Privacy
We manage cybersecurity risks by working continuously to protect our computer systems, 
data, assets, infrastructure and computing environments from threats—and to safeguard 
confidentiality, integrity and availability. We implement a comprehensive suite of policies, 
practices and standards that guide our teams on how to mitigate and manage these risks.
Our cybersecurity program aligns with the National 
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) – 
Cybersecurity Framework and relevant NIST publications, 
such as NIST SP 800-53, NIST SP 800-82. The NIST 
Cybersecurity Framework helps companies develop a 
standardized model on which to build their information 
technology and operational technology cybersecurity 
program and subsequently measure their maturity in this 
important area. 
Our Chief Information Security Officer is responsible for 
our cybersecurity program and provides routine briefings 
to the Board of Directors Audit Committee and the Board 
as a whole at least twice a year. The Audit Committee 
further reviews and provides input on our cyber and 
information security strategy.
Informed and Vigilant Employees
We provide our employees and contractors with special 
training to help them manage cybersecurity risks. 
Informed employees and contractors use common sense 
and situational cybersecurity awareness to do the same 
things that physical and digital firewalls do — protect our 
information and critical systems from threats. 
Employees and contractors alike act as control agents for 
what comes into and goes out of both company networks 
and personal home networks. We only allow our secured 
devices to access our network remotely, since security 
on these personal networks is even more important given 
work-from-home arrangements.
We use a simulated phishing program to train and test 
MPC email account users on how to augment our 
hardware and software safeguards. Users are shown how 
OUR ASSET 
OPERATIONS 
CENTERS 
ACROSS THE 
COUNTRY ARE 
PROTECTED USING 
A RESILIENT SYSTEM 
OF LAYERED SECURITY 
ARCHITECTURE.
99% 
of email account holders received 
phishing simulations
97% 
of employees completed 
cybersecurity awareness training
to identify and report phishing emails and periodically 
simulated phishing emails test users’ awareness of phishing 
attacks. Our anti-phishing program provides immediate 
feedback to users and notifies the individual’s management 
in the event of repeated failures. Management then takes 
appropriate actions and additional training is issued.
Threat awareness and prevention training begins when 
an employee is hired and continues throughout each 
employee’s tenure, delivering training and materials 
through multiple channels. Contractors also participate in 
most of these initiatives.
TRAINING METRICS
70 Embed Sustainability | Sustainability Report 2021

y Cybersecurity incident response 
procedures and business continuity plans 
are in place and tested at least annually.
 y Highly trained employees on our 
Cybersecurity Incident Response Team are 
ready to respond 24/7. 
 y Risk assessments, vulnerability analyses and 
targeted penetration testing are conducted 
throughout the year.
 y Independent third parties audit, assess and 
test aspects of our IT and cybersecurity 
programs annually.
INCIDENT 
PREPAREDNESS  
AND RESPONSE
Managing Technology Risks
We manage technology risks through a resilient system 
of layered security architecture. We place security limits 
on physical access, segment business and operational 
networks and align critical applications to withstand 
cyberattacks with additional layers of security.
Internal IT controls allow us to detect security events 
by collecting and analyzing data in our centralized 
Cybersecurity Operations Center.
Third-Party Risks
Using both internal and third-party vendor-provided 
capabilities, we maintain a proactive, data-centric 
cybersecurity risk assessment and management program. 
As part of the approach, employees are trained to report 
and escalate suspicious incidents and cyberthreats to our 
IT Service Desk. From there, threats are screened and 
escalated to our 24/7 Cybersecurity Operations Center 
for appropriate action. We continue to expand our due 
diligence capabilities in response to a changing cloud-
computing landscape.
Privacy 
Protecting personal data we receive is a top priority. We 
comply with applicable privacy laws, as well as applicable 
privacy regulations and safeguards, which have been 
applied to our operations. 
MPC adheres to the Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standard, which provides a baseline of technical 
and operational requirements to protect customers’ 
payment card account data, and we engage a third-party 
Qualified Security Assessor to assess our compliance 
annually.
Cybersecurity Policies
Our Computer Security Policy governs our cybersecurity 
efforts and supports compliance with legal requirements. 
The policy is implemented through a governance process 
that includes standards, procedures, risk management, 
defense strategy and compliance reviews.
Cybersecurity policies apply to MPC and MPLX entities, 
employees and third parties that own, manage, administer, 
support, develop or work on company information 
systems and to all our computing environments, whether 
connected to or segregated from our corporate network. 
All employees have access to our cybersecurity policies, 
and we emphasize policy awareness for employees through 
training and supervisor engagement and implement policy 
compliance through a structured escalation program, if 
needed. 
Our Code of Business Conduct further addresses 
protection of company assets, information systems, 
social media, business records retention and confidential 
information.
Sustainability Report 2021  |  Embed Sustainability  71

Political Contributions and Advocacy
We believe participating in the political process is an 
essential part of advancing the meaningful exchange of 
information and views on issues that affect our company 
and our stakeholders. MPC takes part in the political 
process in several ways, including lobbying, contributing 
to grassroots activity, advocacy for specific issues, 
participating in trade associations, supporting an active 
employee political action committee and, where lawful, 
directly supporting political candidates and ballot issues. 
All these activities are subject to oversight by our Board 
of Directors, Sustainability and Public Policy Committee, 
general counsel and senior vice president of Government 
Affairs and senior management.
We enhanced our disclosures in 2021 and utilize a web-
based platform to provide comprehensive reporting.  
Climate Policy
As it relates to climate change, our public policy 
engagement is guided by our commitment to 
sustainability, including lowering the carbon intensity of 
our operations and products, expanding renewable fuels 
and technologies, conserving natural resources, engaging 
stakeholders and contributing in our communities. We 
support policies that complement this strategy and the 
investments that continue to transform our company. 
Recent examples of issue advocacy include policies that 
enable sustainable aviation fuel, carbon capture utilization 
and storage, cellulosic and renewable diesel pathways, and 
carbon reduction opportunities under the Renewable Fuel 
Standard Program. 
Lobbying
Federal lobbying reports filed by the company and 
retained lobbying firms are accessible through our website, 
where we also disclose the total amounts reported for 
federal lobbying disclosures. At the state level, we disclose 
a total of state-reported lobbying expenditures and 
provide links to state databases of lobbying reports and 
registrations. 
We are committed to conducting climate-related lobbying 
activities in alignment with the ambition of the Paris 
Agreement to reduce global GHG emissions and limit 
global warming to well below 2 degrees Celsius. MPC 
evaluates climate-related legislative proposals within the 
totality of the bill in which they reside and determines 
the level of engagement and support, if any, that is 
appropriate. Recognizing that not all proposed climate-
related legislation reflects sound government policy, that 
proposals may change significantly during the amendment 
process and that legislation may have implications 
unrelated to climate, MPC takes a thoughtful and 
deliberate approach to the execution of this commitment.
Trade Associations
Taking part in trade associations is an important part 
of our role as an active member of our industry and 
the business communities in which we operate. Trade 
associations provide important ways for us to engage in the 
development of industry standards and practices and share 
advances in science and engineering that inform the best 
practices of the future. 
When our trade associations engage on climate policy, we 
generally encourage them to take positions that are not 
inconsistent with our commitment to sustainability. For 
more information on how we evaluate this expectation 
and for information on the climate positions of our trade 
associations, please visit our website. 
FOR MORE  
INFORMATION ON OUR:
 y Lobbying
 y Issue advocacy
 y Trade associations and their climate positions
 y Political action committee contributions
 y Corporate contributions
Please visit our website.
72  Embed Sustainability  |  Sustainability Report 2021

ABOUT THIS REPORT
MPC’s and MPLX’s 2021 Sustainability Report reflects our long-standing commitment to transparency and accountability around the environmental, social and governance 
dimensions of our business. We have publicly reported on these matters since 2011, and this report communicates our sustainability strategy and performance in accordance with the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) metrics and Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, as well as other recognized reporting frameworks. 
Please visit the following websites for additional information on our sustainability priorities. 
 y MPC − marathonpetroleum.com/sustainability
 y MPLX – mplx.com/sustainability
Reporting Frameworks 
SASB 
This report is informed by the oil and gas industry metrics from the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards. 
GRI 
This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option, 
including use of the Oil and Gas Sector Disclosures. 
IPIECA 
This report is consistent with International Petroleum Industry Environmental 
Conservation Association (Ipieca) Sustainability Reporting Guidance for the Oil and Gas 
Industry (2020) and includes core reporting elements for each presented indicator. 
TCFD 
We annually publish a separate risk assessment report that follows guidelines set forth by 
the Financial Stability Board Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
Click here for our latest Perspectives on Climate-Related Scenarios report. 
Reporting Framework Cross-Reference
See Reporting Framework Cross-Reference for mapping of our most significant reporting 
topics to SASB and GRI standards, as well as Ipieca indicators. See also our SASB and GRI 
indices provided separately on our website. 
Scope of Report 
The information and data in this report covers all MPC entities, including MPLX LP, for 
the calendar year 2021, unless otherwise indicated. 
Data Quality 
Due to rounding, numbers presented throughout the performance data table may not add 
up to the totals provided and percentages may not precisely reflect the rounded numbers. 
Data included has been reviewed by MPC’s Internal Audit organization. In addition, we 
engaged an independent third party, LRQA, to provide independent assurance of our 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 GHG emissions and Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions 
intensity data. Click here to view the external assurance statement from LRQA relating to 
our GHG data.
  73

Company Performance
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
ECONOMIC PERFORMANCE (1)
Sales and Other Operating Revenue $ millions - 201-1a.i - 74,733 96,504 123,949 69,779 119,983
Income from Operations $ millions - - - 4,018 5,571 5,576 (12,247) 4,300
Net Income Attributable to MPC $ millions - 201-1a.iii - 3,432 2,780 2,637 (9,826) 9,738
Capital Expenditures and Investments (excludes acquisitions) $ millions - - - 3,106 4,304 6,133 2,754 1,815
Environmental Expenditures (capital and expense)(2)(3) $ millions - - - 792 957 1,213 630 991 
OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE (4)
MPC Manufacturing Inputs million boe - - - 1,669 1,717 1,817 1,627 1,682
Refining Manufacturing Inputs million boe EM-RM-000.A - - 1,107 1,111 1,142 940 1,012
MPLX Gas Plant Manufacturing Inputs million boe - - - 562 605 675 687 670
Crude Oil Refining Capacity thousand bpcd EM-RM-000.B - - 2,848 3,021 3,067 2,874 2,887
Natural Gas Gathering Volumes million cubic feet per day EM-MD-000.A - - - - 5,967 5,331 5,131
MPLX Crude and Refined Products Transported thousand bpd - - - - - 5,114 4,712 5,453
MPLX Crude Oil Transported thousand bpd EM-MD-000.A - - - - 3,228 2,998 3,380
MPLX Refined Products Transported thousand bpd EM-MD-000.A - - - - 1,886 1,714 2,073
Total Addressable Market for Advanced Biofuels and Associated Infrastructure $ billions EM-RM-410a.2 - - - - 2.8 3.7 8.4
Market Share of Total Addressable Market for Advanced Biofuels and Associated Infrastructure(5) % EM-RM-410a.2 - - - - 2 2 5
Environmental Performance
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS (4)(6)
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG Emissions million tonnes CO2e - - CCE-4 - C1 45.3 45.2 45.0 40.2 39.9
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Intensity (excludes GHG associated with exported power from cogen) tonnes CO2e/mboe input - 305-4a CCE-4 - C4 26.1 25.3 23.8 23.7 22.9
Total Scope 1 and 2 GHG Intensity Reduction Since 2014 % - 305-5a – -13 -15 -21 -21 -23
Total Scope 1 GHG Emissions(7)(8) million tonnes CO2e - 305-1a CCE-4 - C1 37.5 37.0 36.8 32.2 33.0
Total Scope 1 CO2 Emissions million tonnes CO2 - - CCE-4 - C1 36.6 36.2 35.9 31.3 32.2
Total Scope 1 CH4 Emissions thousand tonnes CH4 - - CCE-4 - C1 31 29 31.7 32.7 23.5
Total Scope 1 N2O Emissions thousand tonnes N2O - - CCE-4 - C1 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2
Total Scope 1 SF6 and Tracer Emissions tonnes SF6 and tracer - - CCE-4 - C1 0 2 1 0 9
Refining Scope 1 GHG Emissions million tonnes CO2e EM-RM-110a.1 - CCE-4 - C3 32.3 31.6 31.0 26.7 27.5
Refining Scope 1 GHG Covered by Emissions-limiting Regulation(9) % EM-RM-110a.1 - - 27 28 27 25 23
MPLX Scope 1 GHG Emissions(10) million tonnes CO2e EM-MD-110a.1 - CCE-4 - C3 5.2 5.4 5.7 5.4 5.5
MPLX Scope 1 GHG Emissions from Methane (CO2e basis) % EM-MD-110a.1 - - 13 11 11 13 8
MPLX Scope 1 GHG Covered by Emissions-limiting Regulation % EM-MD-110a.1 - - - - < 2 < 2 < 1
PERFORMANCE DATA
74

MPLX G&P Scope 1 Methane Emissions Intensity % - - - 0.032 0.026 0.026 0.029 0.020
Total Scope 2 GHG Emissions(11) million tonnes CO2e - 305-2a CCE-4 - C2 7.8 8.2 8.2 8.0 6.9
Refining Scope 2 GHG Emissions million tonnes CO2e - - CCE-4 - C3 3.9 3.9 4.0 3.8 3.5
MPLX Scope 2 GHG Emissions(10) million tonnes CO2e - - CCE-4 - C3 3.4 3.8 3.8 3.8 3.3
Scope 3, Category 11: Use of Sold Products - Refinery Yield Method million tonnes CO2e - 305-3a CCE-4 - A2 - - 426 352 379
ENERGY CONSUMPTION (4)(6)
Total Energy Consumption billion g j - 302-1a CCE-6 - C1 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6 0.6
Refining Energy Consumption billion g j - - - 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.5
MPLX G&P Energy Consumption billion g j - - - 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
Energy Intensity g j/boe - 302-3a CCE-6 - A2 0.4 0.4 0.3 0.3 0.4
Refining Energy Intensity g j/boe - - CCE-6 - A2 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.5 0.5
MPLX G&P Energy Intensity g j/boe - - CCE-6 - A2 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
Energy Consumption Purchased/Produced by Renewable Sources million g j - 302-1b CCE-6 - C2 - - - 6.1 5.4
Energy Consumption Purchased/Produced by Combined Heat and Power million g j - 302-1c CCE-6 - C2 - - - - 9.1
Energy Consumption Purchased/Produced by Combined Cycle Gas Turbine million g j - 302-1c CCE-6 - C2 - - - - 58.0
Avoided Energy Consumption from Efficiency Efforts million g j - 302-4a - 18 20 18 13 19
AIR EMISSIONS (4)(6)
Total Criteria Pollutant Emissions thousand tonnes - - - 58.6 54.0 50.3 43.9 43.7
Total SOx  Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.ii ENV-5 - C1 4.7 3.5 3.3 2.5 2.8
Total NOx Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.i ENV-5 - C1 20.5 19.6 17.9 14.8 15.2
Total CO Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.vii ENV-5 - A1 13.1 11.4 10.8 9.7 9.9
Total VOC Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.iv ENV-5 - C1 16.9 16.0 15.0 14.1 13.1
Total PM10 Emissions thousand tonnes - 305-7a.vi ENV-5 - A1 3.4 3.5 3.4 2.9 2.7
Total Criteria Pollutant Emissions Intensity tonnes/million boe - - - 35.1 31.4 27.7 27.0 26.0
Refining Criteria Pollutant Emissions thousand tonnes - - ENV-5 - A3 35.4 33.2 32.8 28.8 29.9
Refining SOx Emissions thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 4.6 3.4 3.2 2.4 2.7
Refining NOx Emissions thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 12.2 11.8 11.9 10.0 10.6
Refining CO Emissions thousand tonnes - - ENV-5 - A3 8.2 7.7 7.6 7.0 7.3
Refining VOC Emissions thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 7.5 7.4 7.3 6.9 6.9
Refining PM10 Emissions thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 2.9 2.9 2.8 2.5 2.3
Refining H2S Emissions(12) thousand tonnes EM-RM-120a.1 - - 0.09 0.08 0.09 0.08 0.06
Refining Criteria Pollutant Emissions from Flaring thousand tonnes - - - 3.0 2.6 2.5 2.1 2.9
Refining Criteria Pollutant Emissions Intensity tonnes/million boe - - ENV-5 - A3 32.0 29.8 28.7 30.6 29.5
Hazardous Air Pollutant Emissions(12) thousand tonnes - 305-7a.v - 1.0 1.0 0.9 0.9 1.0
Environmental Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS (CONTINUED) (4)(6)
  75

Number of Refineries in or Near Areas of Dense Population count EM-RM-120a.2 - - - - 12 12 12
MPLX Criteria Pollutant Emissions(10) thousand tonnes - - ENV-5 - A3 23.2 20.8 17.4 15.1 13.9
MPLX SOx Emissions thousand tonnes EM-MD-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.1
MPLX NOx Emissions thousand tonnes EM-MD-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 8.3 7.8 5.9 4.8 4.6
MPLX CO Emissions thousand tonnes - - ENV-5 - A3 4.9 3.7 3.2 2.7 2.6
MPLX VOC Emissions thousand tonnes EM-MD-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 9.4 8.7 7.7 7.1 6.2
MPLX PM10 Emissions thousand tonnes EM-MD-120a.1 - ENV-5 - A3 0.5 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.4
WATER(4)(6)
Total Water Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a - 154,975 158,823 162,831 145,269 140,181
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.i ENV-1 - C1 150,441 155,301 157,379 139,036 135,057
Other water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.ii ENV-1 - A4 4,533 3,522 5,452 6,234 5,124
Surface Water Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a.i - 82,228 86,133 87,693 79,001 77,123
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.i - 82,228 86,133 87,693 78,999 77,123
Groundwater Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a.ii - 21,727 20,647 21,496 22,861 25,103
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.i - 17,567 17,521 17,338 17,883 21,502
Seawater Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a.iii - 0 0 87 75 73
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.ii - 0 0 87 75 73
Third-Party Withdrawal megaliters - 303-3a.v - 51,020 52,044 53,555 43,331 37,532
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.i - 50,646 51,648 52,348 42,153 36,432
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-3c.ii - 374 396 1,207 1,178 1,101
Total Freshwater Recycled megaliters - - ENV-1 - A5 7,706 7,669 9,167 26,055 27,766
Refining Freshwater Withdrawal megaliters EM-RM-140a.1 - - 148,548 153,518 155,697 137,420 134,495
Refining Freshwater Recycled(13) % EM-RM-140a.1 - - 5 5 6 19 21
Refining Freshwater Withdrawal in High Baseline Water Stress Areas as  
Percentage of Total Freshwater Withdrawal % EM-RM-140a.1 - - 27 27 26 23 23
Refining Freshwater Consumed in High Baseline Water Stress Areas as  
Percentage of Total Freshwater Consumed % EM-RM-140a.1 - - 28 31 27 24 25
Refining Total Water Consumption megaliters - 303-5a - 74,076 74,356 74,661 63,540 62,811
Total Water Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-3b ENV-1 - C4 43,829 44,636 44,069 37,135 34,576
Surface Water Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-3b.i - 0 0 0 0 0
Groundwater Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-3b.ii - 12,517 11,212 11,911 13,931 15,989
Third-Party Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-3b.v - 31,312 33,424 32,158 23,203 18,587
Total Freshwater Withdrawal in Stressed Areas megaliters 39,670 41,510 39,911 32,157 30,975
Total Freshwater Recycled in Stressed Areas megaliters - - - 6,516 5,781 5,267 15,173 16,404
Total Freshwater Recycled in Stressed Areas % - - - 16 14 13 47 53
Environmental Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
AIR EMISSIONS  (CONTINUED) (4)(6)
76

Total Freshwater Withdrawal Intensity megaliters/million boe - - ENV-1 - A2 90 90 87 85 80
Total Water Consumption megaliters - 303-5a ENV-1 - C2 75,242 75,443 76,299 64,784 63,178
Total Water Consumption in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-5b - 23,569 24,942 22,757 18,947 18,184
Total Water Consumption Intensity megaliters/million boe - - - 45 44 42 40 38
Total Water Discharge megaliters - 303-4a ENV-2 - A5 82,410 85,657 89,483 82,478 78,702
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i - 79,701 83,354 86,427 79,825 76,670
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 2,709 2,303 3,056 2,652 2,033
Surface Water Discharge megaliters - 303-4ai ENV-2 - A6 47,132 51,819 52,047 49,453 48,710
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i ENV-2 - A5 47,132 51,819 52,047 49,404 48,710
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 0 0 0 49 0
Groundwater Discharge (includes deepwell injection) megaliters - 303-4a.ii ENV-2 - A6 2,677 2,276 2,951 1,993 1,699
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i - 0 0 32 2 3
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 2,677 2,276 2,919 1,991 1,696
Seawater Discharge megaliters - 303-4a.iii ENV-2 - A6 6,574 6,416 6,377 3,841 1,100
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i - 6,574 6,416 6,290 3,766 1,087
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 0 0 87 75 13
Third-Party Discharge megaliters - 303-4a.iv ENV-2 - A5 26,027 25,145 28,108 27,191 27,193
Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.i - 25,995 25,119 28,059 26,653 26,870
Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4b.ii - 33 27 49 538 323
Total Water Discharge in Stressed Areas megaliters - 303-4c ENV-2 - A7 20,260 19,694 21,312 18,188 16,392
  Freshwater (≤ 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4c.i - 20,260 19,694 21,312 18,188 16,392
  Other Water (> 1,000 mg/L total dissolved solids) megaliters - 303-4c.ii - 0 0 0 0 0
Seawater Discharge in Stressed Areas megaliters - - ENV-2 - A7 6,574 6,416 6,290 3,757 1,087
Third-Party Discharge in Stressed Areas megaliters - - ENV-2 - A7 13,686 13,278 15,022 14,431 15,303
Incidents of Noncompliance with Discharge Limits count - 303-4d.iii - - - 92 92 59
Incidents of Noncompliance with Water Quality Permits, Standards and Regulations with 
Enforcement count EM-RM-140.a2 - - - - 13 13 12
WASTE(4)(6)(14)
Total Waste Generated thousand tonnes - 306-3.a - - - 422 253 318
Hazardous Waste Generated thousand tonnes - 306-3.a - - - 42 42 36
Nonhazardous Waste Generated thousand tonnes - 306-3.a - - - 381 211 282
Total Waste Diverted from Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-4.a,b - - - 119 69 90
Hazardous Waste Diverted from Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-4.a - - - 13 13 10
Hazardous Waste - Preparation for Reuse thousand tonnes - 306-4.b.i - - - 0 0 0
Environmental Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
WATER (CONTINUED) (4)(6)
  77

Hazardous Waste - Recycling thousand tonnes - 306-4.b.ii - - - 13 13 10
Hazardous Waste - Other Recovery thousand tonnes - 306-4.b.iii - - - 0 0 0
Nonhazardous Waste Diverted from Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-4.a,c - - - 106 56 80
Nonhazardous Waste - Preparation for Reuse thousand tonnes - 306-4.c.i - - - 2 0 0
Nonhazardous Waste - Recycling thousand tonnes - 306-4.c.ii - - - 104 56 80
Nonhazardous Waste - Other Recovery thousand tonnes - 306-4.c.iii - - - 0 0 0
Total Waste Directed to Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-5.a - - - 303 184 228
Hazardous Waste Directed to Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-5.a,b - - - 29 29 26
Hazardous Waste - Incineration with Energy Recovery thousand tonnes - 306-5.b.i - - - 19 16 10
Hazardous Waste - Incineration without Energy Recovery thousand tonnes - 306-5.b.ii - - - 7 8 12
Hazardous Waste - Landfilling thousand tonnes - 306-5.b.iii - - - 3 5 4
Hazardous Waste - Other Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-5.b.iv - - - 0 0 0
Nonhazardous Waste Diverted from Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-5.a,c - - - 275 155 202
Nonhazardous Waste - Incineration with Energy Recovery thousand tonnes - 306-5.c.i - - - 21 20 13
Nonhazardous Waste - Incineration without Energy Recovery thousand tonnes - 306-5.c.ii - - - 1 0 1
Nonhazardous Waste - Landfilling thousand tonnes - 306-5.c.iii - - - 253 135 188
Nonhazardous Waste - Other Disposal thousand tonnes - 306-5.c.iv - - - 0 0 0
Refining Hazardous Waste Generated thousand tonnes EM-RM-150a.1 - - - - 38 41 34
Refining Hazardous Waste Recycled % EM-RM-150a.1 - - - - 34 31 25
Underground Storage Tanks (USTs)(15) count EM-RM-150a.2 - - - - 15,872 15,753 298
UST Releases Requiring Cleanup count EM-RM-150a.2 - - - - 32 80 0
UST Releases Requiring Cleanup in States with UST Financial Assurance Funds % EM-RM-150a.2 - - - - 47 85 0
SPILLS(4)(6)
Hazardous Material Spilled >1 bbl - volume bbls - 306-3 - - - 4,594 681 54,108
Hazardous Material Spills >1 bbl - count count - 306-3 - - - 8 3 8
Total Oil Spilled >1 bbl - volume bbls - - ENV-6 - C2 3,689 3,680 5,446 1,003 5,493
Total Oil Spills >1 bbl - count count - - ENV-6 - C2 106 158 160 61 47
Oil Spilled to Land >1 bbl - volume bbls - - ENV-6 - A3 3,639 2,207 5,340 515 4,740
 Oil Spills to Land >1 bbl - count count - - ENV-6 - A3 79 133 140 59 46
Oil Spilled to Water >1 bbl - volume bbls - - ENV-6 - A3 50 1,473 106 488 753
Oil Spills to Water >1 bbl - count count - - ENV-6 - A3 27 25 20 2 1
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled >1 bbl - volume bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - - 2,232 855 2,748
MPLX Hydrocarbon Spills >1 bbl - count count EM-MD-160a.4 - - - - 41 34 26
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled to Land >1 bbl - volume bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - - 2,127 293 1,995
Environmental Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
WASTE (CONTINUED) (4)(6)(14)
78

Environmental Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map IPIECA Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
SPILLS (CONTINUED) (4)(6)
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled to Water >1 bbl - volume bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - - 105 488 753
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled in Arctic >1 bbl - volume bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - - 0 0 0
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled in Unusually Sensitive Areas >1 bbl - volume(16) bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - - 0 0 0
MPLX Hydrocarbons Spilled Recovered >1 bbl - volume bbls EM-MD-160a.4 - - - - 2,140 781 2,528
Reportable Pipeline Incidents count EM-MD-540a.1 - - - - 14 12 14
Reportable Pipeline Incidents - Significant % EM-MD-540a.1 - - - - 28.6 33 50
Rail Transportation Accident Releases count EM-MD-540a.3 - - - - 0 0 0
Rail Transportation Non-accident Releases count EM-MD-540a.3 - - - - 5 6 3
Natural Gas Pipelines Inspected(17) % EM-MD-540a.2 - - - - 22.9 11 12.4
Hazardous Liquid Pipelines Inspected(17) % EM-MD-540a.2 - - - - 26.7 23.7 34
DESIGNATED ENVIRONMENTAL INCIDENTS (DEI s)(18)
Number of Tier 2, 3 and 4 DEIs count - - - 98 228 228 151 166
Tier 2 DEIs count - - - 67 93 143 101 111
Tier 3 and 4 DEIs count - - - 31 135 85 50 55
ECOLOGICAL IMPACTS
Wildlife Habitat Council Certified Habitats Owned and Maintained count - - - 21 23 23 22 20
Acres of Wildlife Habitat Council Certified Habitats Owned and Maintained acres - - - 1,352 1,347 1,317 1,313 1,183
Land Owned, Leased, and/or Operated within Areas of Protected Conservation Status or 
Endangered Species Habitat(19) % EM-MD-160a.2 304-1 - - - - 23 21
Terrestrial Acreage Disturbed(20) acres EM-MD-160a.3 - - - - 3,294 4,644 7,328
Impacted Areas Restored % EM-MD-160a.3 - - - - 100 92 100
Social Performance
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
U.S. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION STATISTICS (EEO-1 DATA)
TOTAL EMPLOYEES
Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 18.6 18.1 18.1
Hispanic or Latino % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 12.3 12.5 12.5
Black or African American % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 4.8 4.8 4.9
Asian % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 3.1 2.8 2.9
American Indian or Alaskan Native % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 1.2 0.8 0.8
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0.3 0.3 0.4
Two or More Races % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 1.4 1.3 1.4
  79

Total Minority Representation % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 23.1 22.6 23.0
White % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 76.9 77.4 77.0
EXECUTIVE/SENIOR OFFICIALS AND MANAGERS
Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 22.6 23.1 24.0
Hispanic or Latino % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 3.2 3.8 4.0
Black or African American % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0 0 0.0
Asian % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0 0 0.0
American Indian or Alaskan Native % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0 0 0.0
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0 0 0.0
Two or More Races % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0 0 0.0
Total Minority Representation % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 3.2 3.8 4.0
White % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 96.8 96.2 96.0
FIRST/MID-LEVEL OFFICIALS AND MANAGERS
Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 12.9 14.2 16.0
Hispanic or Latino % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 7.4 7.4 7.9
Black or African American % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 3 3.2 3.5
Asian % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 2 1.9 2.2
American Indian or Alaskan Native % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0.7 0.4 0.5
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0.2 0.3 0.3
Two or More Races % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 1.1 1.2 1.4
Total Minority Representation % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 14.4 14.5 15.8
White % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 85.6 85.5 84.2
PROFESSIONALS
Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 29.9 30.6 30.6
Hispanic or Latino % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 10.4 10.5 10.7
Black or African American % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 3.1 2.6 2.5
Asian % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 5.4 5.3 5.6
American Indian or Alaskan Native % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0.3 0.3 0.3
Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 0.1 0.1 0.1
Two or More Races % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 1.5 1.4 1.4
Total Minority Representation % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 20.8 20.1 20.7
White % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - - 79.2 79.9 79.3
Social Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
U.S. EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY COMMISSION STATISTICS (EEO-1 DATA) (CONTINUED)
80

Social Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
WORKFORCE (EXCLUDING SPEEDWAY)
Total Workforce - All Employees count - - - - 20,120 20,520 18,639 17,670
Total Workforce - Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 19 19 18 18
Total Workforce - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C2 - 22 23 23 23
Workforce - Full-time Employment % - - - - - 98 99 99
Employees by Age Group Baby Boomers % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 23 20 16 14
Employees by Age Group Generation X % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 42 42 43 43
Employees by Age Group Millennials % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 35 37 40 41
Employees by Age Group Generation Z % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 0 1 1 2
Unionized Employees - All Employees count - - - - 4,780 4,650 4,081 3,824
Board of Directors
Board of Directors - Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 17 17 17 17
Board of Directors - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 25 25 25 33
Board of Directors by Age Group Baby Boomers % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 83 83 83
Board of Directors by Age Group Generation X % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 17 17 17
Officers
Officers - Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 21 22 25 27
Officers - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 4 4 5 5
Officers by Age Group Baby Boomers % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 67 55 41
Officers by Age Group Generation X % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 29 40 50
Officers by Age Group Millennials % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 4 5 9
All Senior Management count - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 134 127 148
Senior Management - Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 15 17 21 23
Senior Management - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 9 9 11 12
Senior Management by Age Group Baby Boomers % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 31 22 15
Senior Management by Age Group Generation X % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 67 75 77
Senior Management by Age Group Millennials % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 2 3 8
All Supervisors count - - SOC-5 - C3 - - 2,581 2,449 2,254
Supervisors - Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 18 17 17
Supervisors - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 14 15 16
Supervisors by Age Group Baby Boomers % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 22 15 13
Supervisors by Age Group Generation X % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 54 56 56
Supervisors by Age Group Millennials % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 24 29 31
Total Hires - All Employees count - 401-1 - - 2,650 2,750 1,590 1,366
Total Hires - Women % - 401-1 - - 24 25 27 23
  81

Social Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
WORKFORCE (EXCLUDING SPEEDWAY) (CONTINUED)
Total Hires - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups % - 401-1 - - 19 21 25 32
Total Hires by Age Group Baby Boomer % - 401-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 7 3 5
Total Hires by Age Group Generation X % - 401-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 23 17 22
Total Hires by Age Group Millennials % - 401-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 49 41 42
Total Hires by Age Group Generation Z % - 401-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 21 39 31
Intern/Co-op Hires - Total count - - SOC-5 - C3 - 519 529 545 296
Intern/Co-op Hires - Women % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 36 35 35 36
Intern/Co-op Hires - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - 24 25 24 25
Interns by Age Group Millennials % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 24 10 7
Interns by Age Group Generation Z % - 405-1 SOC-5 - C3 - - 76 90 93
Intern to Employee Conversions - Total count - - SOC-7 - A2 - 119 136 139 51
Intern to Employee Conversions - Women % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - 35 32 47 35
Intern to Employee Conversions - Racial/Ethnic Minority Groups % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - 20 19 15 24
Intern to Employee Conversions by Age Group Baby Boomer % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - - 1 0 0
Intern to Employee Conversions by Age Group Generation X % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - - 1 0 0
Intern to Employee Conversions by Age Group Millennials % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - - 80 62 18
Intern to Employee Conversions by Age Group Generation Z % - 405-1 SOC-7 - A2 - - 18 38 82
COMMUNITY INVESTMENT (21)
Community Investment Dollars $ million - - SOC-13 - C2 - 21.7 18.7 13 21.3
Nonprofits Supported count - - - - 921 534 937 956
Schools Supported count - - - - - 128 123 150
Employee Donations to Nonprofits $ million - - - - 3.35 5.6 4.61 4.1
Employee Volunteer Hours hours - - - - 43,765 55,525 44,433 57,522
Corporate Sponsorships, Local Giving, Company Matching Gifts, Disaster Relief $ million - - - - - - 10.1 9
Focused, Long-Term Investments and Employee Volunteer Program $ million - - - - - - 2.9 11.4
Commercial Initiatives $ million - - - - - - 2.1 1.5
Value of Employee Volunteer Hours During Working Hours(22) $ thousand - - - - - - - 119
Community Investment Overhead $ million - - - - - - 1.6 1.7
RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES
Operations Where Indigenous Communities are Present count - OG-9 - - - 13 14 21
Number of Significant Disputes with Local and Indigenous Peoples count - OG-10 - - - 0 0 0
 Operations Where Involuntary Resettlement Took Place with Indigenous Communities count - OG-12 SOC-11 - - 0 0 0
SUPPLY CHAIN
Supply Chain Spend (excluding crude/feedstock purchases) $ billion - - - - - 19.7 15 7
Diverse Supplier Spend (excluding crude/feedstock purchases) $ million - - - - - 395 277 575
82

TOTAL COUNT OF SAFETY INCIDENTS (23)
Refining count - - - 85 78 86 54 66
Employee count - - - 37 25 37 20 29
Contractor count - - - 48 53 49 34 37
MPLX count - - - 110 130 139 113 101
Employee count - - - 55 34 76 80 91
Contractor count - - - 55 96 63 33 10
FATALITIES(24)
Total Company - Fatalities count - - SHS-3 - C1 1 2 0 1 0
Employee count - - SHS-3 - C1 0 1 0 0 0
Contractor count - - SHS-3 - C1 1 1 0 1 0
Total Company - Fatality Rate per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.001 0.002 0.000 0.002 0.000
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked EM-RM-320a.1 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.000 0.002 0.000 0.000 0.000
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked EM-RM-320a.1 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.004 0.004 0.000 0.005 0.000
OSHA RECORDABLE INCIDENT RATE (25)
Total Company per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.40 0.43 0.42 0.39 0.51
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.42 0.26 0.47 0.45 0.60
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.39 0.58 0.38 0.33 0.36
Refining per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.29 0.27 0.28 0.22 0.34
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked EM-RM-320a.1 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.30 0.20 0.29 0.18 0.30
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked EM-RM-320a.1 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.28 0.32 0.27 0.27 0.39
MPLX per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.65 0.76 0.71 0.74 0.94
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.73 0.45 0.95 0.98 1.25
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - 403-9 SHS-3 - C1 0.59 1.00 0.55 0.46 0.29
LOST TIME RATE (26)
Total Company per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.09 0.10 0.09 0.10 0.15
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.12 0.10 0.11 0.15 0.19
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.06 0.10 0.07 0.04 0.08
Refining per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.04 0.04 0.05 0.04 0.08
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.07 0.07 0.07 0.05 0.08
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.02 0.02 0.03 0.03 0.07
MPLX per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.19 0.20 0.17 0.22 0.33
Employee per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.25 0.19 0.22 0.34 0.43
Contractor per 200,000 hrs worked - - SHS-3 - C1 0.14 0.21 0.14 0.07 0.12
Safety Performance
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
PERSONAL SAFETY PERFORMANCE
  83

TOTAL COUNT OF HEALTH ILLNESSES (27)
Total Company count - 403-10 - - - 0 36 27
PROCESS SAFETY PERFORMANCE
PROCESS SAFETY EVENTS RATE - TIER 1
Total Company (total tier 1 count/total 
work hrs) × 200,000 - OG-13 SHS-6 - C1 0.05 0.07 0.04 0.06 0.08
Refining (total tier 1 count/total 
work hrs) × 200,000 EM-RM-540a.1 OG-13 SHS-6 - C1 0.05 0.05 0.04 0.04 0.06
MPLX (total tier 1 count/total 
work hrs) × 200,000 - OG-13 SHS-6 - C1 0.10 0.18 0.06 0.19 0.24
PROCESS SAFETY EVENTS RATE - TIER 2
Total Company (total tier 2 count/total 
work hrs) × 200,000 - OG-13 SHS-6 - C1 0.16 0.17 0.19 0.11 0.17
Refining (total tier 2 count/total 
work hrs) × 200,000 EM-RM-540a.1 OG-13 SHS-6 - A1 0.15 0.16 0.18 0.08 0.16
MPLX (total tier 2 count/total 
work hrs) × 200,000 - OG-13 SHS-6 - A1 0.29 0.30 0.24 0.38 0.30
Governance Performance
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
GOVERNANCE
Board Composition - Independent Directors % - - GOV-1 - A1 - - 92 92 92
Board Composition - Independent Directors count - - GOV-1 - A1 - - 11 11 11
Board Composition - Board Diversity (women + ethnic minorities) % - 405-1 GOV-1 - A1 - - 33 33 42
Board Composition - Women count - 405-1 GOV-1 - A1 - - 2 2 2
Board Composition - Ethnic Minorities count - 405-1 GOV-1 - A1 - - 3 3 4
Board Experience - Significant Refreshment Since 2017 % - - GOV-1 - A1 - - 50 50 50
Total Amount of $ Losses from Legal Proceedings Associated with Federal Pipeline and Storage 
Regulations $ million EM-MD-520a.1 - - - - 0 1.29 8.47
Total Amount of $ Losses from Legal Proceedings Associated with Price Gouging,  
Price Fixing or Price Manipulation(28) $ million EM-RM-520a.1 - - - - 22.5 0 0
CYBERSECURITY
MPC Email Account Holders Receiving Phishing Simulations count - - - - - 32,000 36,228 23,236
MPC Email Account Holders Receiving Phishing Simulations % - - - - - 100 100 99
Safety Performance (continued)
Unit of Measure SASB Map GRI Map Ipieca Map 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
PERSONAL SAFETY PERFORMANCE (CONTINUED)
84

Notes
(1)  As reported in the MPC 2021 Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for 2021 data. On May 14, 2021, MPC 
completed the sale of Speedway to 7-Eleven, Inc. As 
a result of this sale, Speedway’s results are reported 
separately as discontinued operations. Previous 
years’ data is as reported in the MPC 2020 Annual 
Report on Form 10-K. 
(2)  Based on the American Petroleum Institute’s 
definition of environmental expenditures.
(3)  These amounts include spending charged against 
remediation reserves, where permissible, but exclude 
noncash provisions recorded for environmental 
remediation.
(4)  Data before 2019 is inclusive of facilities that 
MPC did not yet own so that performance can be 
compared across the same asset base over time. 
Assets included are those that MPC owned/operated 
as of Dec. 31, 2019, unless otherwise noted. 
Estimates used in some instances where historic data 
was unavailable. 
(5)  No significant difference between total addressable 
market and market MPC serves. Nonrevenue 
generating initiatives to commercialize biofuels. 
  MPC has participated in numerous precompetitive 
research projects around biofuels, including: 
• Coordinating Research Council − nonprofit 
organization that directs engineering and 
environmental studies on the interaction between 
automotive/other mobility equipment and 
petroleum products.
• U.S. DRIVE Fuels Working Group − researching 
higher levels of biofuels into gasolines. U.S. DRIVE 
is a voluntary government-industry partnership 
focused on advanced automotive and related 
energy infrastructure technology research and 
development.
  Virent collaborates with many key industry and 
government partners around advanced biofuels:  
• Synthesized Aromatic Kerosene (SAK) − working 
with key partners such as the Federal Aviation 
Administration, University of Dayton Research 
Institute, Air Force Research Lab oratory, GE 
Aviation, ASTM and others on the production 
and certification of SAK for use as a sustainable 
aviation fuel.
• Renewable Gasoline − working with key partners 
such as Southwest Research Institute, Johnson 
Matthey and Cargill on the production and 
distribution of renewable gasoline.
• Distillate Fuels from Biomass − working with the 
University of Colorado-Boulder in partnership with 
the National Renewable Energy Laboratory and 
Royal Dutch Shell on the production of distillate 
fuels from woody biomass.
• Conversion Process for Lignocellulosic Feedstocks 
− Virent’s BioForming technology’s current 
focus is on using sugars from commercial crops 
to enable faster commercialization of advanced 
biofuels such as renewable gasoline, SAK and 
diesel blendstocks, and to provide a pathway 
for commercializing conversion processes for 
lignocellulosic feedstocks and cellulosic sugars. 
Current and prior development activities include 
work with a number of industry and government 
partners developing cellulosic sugar technologies, 
as well as the development of Virent’s proprietary 
lignocellulosic conversion technology under 
competitive grant awards from the U.S. DOE, 
USDA, DOT and Commerce and in collaboration 
with various national laboratories, universities, and 
Wright Patterson Air Force Base. 
(6)  Environmental performance reported for facilities of 
which MPC and MPLX has operational control. 
(7)  Scope 1 direct GHG emissions include those from 
Refining and MPLX and are typically calculated per 
the EPA’s Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting 
Program or the 2009 API Compendium of 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodologies for the 
Oil and Natural Gas Industry. Global Warming 
Potentials used are from Table A-1 to Subpart A of 
40 CFR Part 98 as of February 2022. 
(8)  Inclusive of carbon dioxide (CO2), methane (CH4), 
nitrous oxide (N2O), and Sulfur Hexafluoride (SF6). 
Hydrofluorocarbons (HFC), and perfluorocarbons 
(PFC) emissions are considered to not be material to 
our operations and are therefore excluded. 
(9)  The Martinez and Los Angeles facilities are currently 
subject to the California Cap-and-Trade Program.
(10)  MPLX emissions data includes emissions from all 
midstream facilities and, as such, a small amount of 
MPLX reported emissions are from MPC-owned 
midstream facilities.
(11)  Location-based Scope 2 emissions that include 
indirect GHG emissions from consumption of 
purchased electricity, heat or steam.
(12)  As reported in the Toxic Release Inventory (TRI) 
Program. 
(13)  2020 and 2021 water recycle data not comparable 
to prior years due to enhanced water accounting that 
arose from the Focus on Water program that was 
launched in 2020. 
(14)  The legal or regulatory frameworks used to define 
hazardous waste and recycled hazardous waste is 40 
CFR 260-261. 
(15)  On May 14, 2021, MPC completed the sale of 
Speedway to 7-Eleven, Inc. As a result of this 
sale, UST data beginning in 2021 does not include 
Speedway.
(16)  Volume of spills in Unusually Sensitive Areas is 
inclusive of PHMSA-reportable spills only. 
(17)  MPC and MPLX conform to inspection frequency 
requirements contained in 49 CFR 192 and 195. 
Nonregulated pipelines are not included. For all 
years presented, 100% of regulated natural gas and 
hazardous pipeline inspections were completed as 
required. 
(18)  DEIs include releases to the environment (air, land 
or water), environmental permit exceedances and 
agency enforcement actions. Tier 3 and 4 DEIs are 
the most significant types of DEIs. DEI performance 
is only inclusive of assets/entities that MPC and 
MPLX owned in the reporting year. Andeavor assets 
included beginning in 2018.
(19)  The U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) Protected 
Areas Database v.2.1 is the nation’s official inventory 
of public open space and private protected areas 
and was used to determine areas of protected 
conservation status. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife 
Service (FWS) Critical Habitat, U.S. FWS National 
Wildlife Refuge and U.S. Endangered Species 
Habitat data sets were used to determine areas of 
endangered species habitat. As MPC’s and MPLX’s 
operations are limited to the U.S., these two data 
sets are appropriate for the evaluation of this metric 
in place of the references suggested in the standard. 
As of the end of 2021, 26,505 acres out of 128,365 
total acres owned, leased and/or operated were 
located within areas of protected conservation status 
or endangered species habitat.
(20)  Includes land impacted during the reporting year. 
Disturbed land is defined as that which required 
regulatory review and subsequent permitting (1 acre 
or greater) OR was identified within an otherwise 
environmentally sensitive area. Disturbed land 
does not include either (1) previously disturbed 
agricultural fields, (2) pipeline work on our current 
(previously disturbed) right of way, or (3) right-of-
way maintenance vegetation clearing on previously 
disturbed land required by PHMSA to enable aerial 
pipeline inspections. 
(21) Includes Marathon Petroleum Foundation dollars.
(22)  Calculated using Independent Sector’s 2021 
Estimated National Value of Volunteer Time.
(23)  To present comparable year-over-year data, the data 
presented for Count of Safety Incidents does not 
include COVID-19 cases that MPC conservatively 
recorded as work-related. Including these cases, 
2020 and 2021 Refining Count of Employee Safety 
Incidents is 44 and 33, respectively. 2020 and 2021 
MPLX Count of Employee Safety Incidents is 92 
and 114, respectively. 
(24)  To present comparable year-over-year data, the data 
presented for Fatalities does not include COVID-19 
cases that MPC conservatively recorded as work-
related. Including these cases, 2020 Total Company 
Employee Fatalities is 1 and 2020 Total Company 
Employee Fatality Rate is 0.004. There were no 
work-related COVID-19 fatalities in 2021.
(25)  To present comparable year-over-year data, the 
data presented for OSHA Recordable Incident 
Rate does not include COVID-19 cases that MPC 
conservatively recorded as work-related. Including 
these cases, 2020 and 2021 Total Company 
Employee OSHA Recordable Incident Rate is 0.60 
and 0.74, respectively. 2020 and 2021 Refining 
Employee OSHA Recordable Incident Rate is 0.39 
and 0.34, respectively. 2020 and 2021 MPLX 
Employee OSHA Recordable Incident Rate is 1.13 
and 1.57, respectively. 
(26)  To present comparable year-over-year data, the 
data presented for Lost Time Rate does not include 
COVID-19 cases that MPC conservatively recorded 
as work-related. Including these cases, 2020 
and 2021 Total Company Lost Time Rate is 0.31 
and 0.33, respectively. 2020 and 2021 Refining 
Employee Days Away Rate is 0.26 and 0.12, 
respectively. 2020 and 2021 MPLX Employee Days 
Away Rate is 0.49 and 0.74, respectively. 
(27)  Total Count of Health Illnesses include COVID-19 
related health illnesses.
(28)  In May 2007, the Kentucky attorney general filed 
a lawsuit against MPC and Speedway LLC in state 
court in Franklin County, Kentucky, for alleged 
violations of Kentucky’s emergency pricing and 
consumer protection laws following Hurricanes 
Katrina and Rita in 2005. The lawsuit alleged that we 
overcharged customers by $89 million USD during 
September and October 2005. The complaint 
sought disgorgement of these sums, as well as 
penalties, under Kentucky’s emergency pricing 
and consumer protection laws. In May 2011, the 
Kentucky attorney general amended his complaint to 
include a request for immediate injunctive relief, as 
well as unspecified damages and penalties related to 
our wholesale gasoline pricing in April and May 2011 
under statewide price controls that were activated by 
the Kentucky governor on April 26, 2011 and which 
have since expired. The court denied the attorney 
general’s request for immediate injunctive relief. In 
July 2019, MPC and the attorney general reached a 
settlement to resolve this litigation, which included 
a payment of $22.5 million USD. We disputed the 
allegations made against us by the attorney general’s 
office and expressly denied any liability, wrongdoing 
or violation of the law. With this resolution the 
attorney general’s office acknowledged no admission 
of liability or wrongdoing. Press releases on this 
settlement by both MPC and the Kentucky 
attorney general’s office can be found at https://
ir.marathonpetroleum.com/investor/news-releases/
news-details/2019/Marathon-Petroleum-
Corp-welcomes-settlement-of-litigation-with-
the-office-of-the-Attorney-General-of-the-
Commonwealth-of-Kentucky/default.aspx and 
https://kentucky.gov/Pages/Activity-stream.
aspx?n=AttorneyGeneral&prId=807, respectively. 
We recommended that settlement funds be used 
for the purpose of improving rural roads, navigable 
waterways and/or emergency management to 
mitigate the impact of weather events.
  85

EEO-1 REPORT
HISPANIC OR  
LATINO
NON-HISPANIC OR LATINO
OVERALL 
TOTALS
Male Female
JOB  
CATEGORIES
Male Female White
Black or 
African 
American
Native 
Hawaiian 
or Pacific 
Islander
Asian
American 
Indian or 
Alaskan 
Native
Two or 
More 
Races
White
Black or 
African 
American
Native 
Hawaiian 
or Pacific 
Islander
Asian
American 
Indian or 
Alaskan 
Native
Two or 
More 
Races
Executive/Senior Officials 
and Managers 1 0 18 0 0 0 0 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 25
First/Mid Officials  
and Managers 175 45 1,992 79 5 51 11 30 359 19 2 11 2 9 2,790
Professionals 357 200 2,909 93 3 185 8 45 1,204 39 2 105 6 28 5,184
Technicians 151 20 995 68 5 20 12 15 122 20 1 7 2 2 1,440
Sales Workers 4 2 50 2 0 2 0 0 19 1 0 0 0 1 81
Administrative Support 31 119 111 7 1 4 0 3 479 35 2 17 4 7 820
Craft Workers 271 4 1,395 92 10 24 25 18 27 5 0 0 1 0 1,872
Operatives 773 38 3,461 361 27 86 68 75 169 24 0 6 4 7 5,099
Laborers and Helpers 20 3 289 19 4 1 2 2 11 2 0 1 0 0 354
Service Workers 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 5
TOTAL 1,783 431 11,223 721 55 373 126 188 2,398 145 7 147 19 54 17,670
PREVIOUS REPORT 
TOTAL - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Click here to view our original 2021 EEO-1 consolidated report.
86

GLOSSARY
AFPM: American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers
API: American Petroleum Institute
BBL: Barrel — 42 U.S. gallons
BIODIESEL: A diesel fuel produced from long-chain fatty acids sourced from 
vegetable oils, recycled greases or animal fats. Biodiesel is made using a trans-
esterification process, causing the fuel to have oxygen atoms in its structure.
BIOFUELS: Fuels that are produced from a biomass, meaning plant, algae 
material or animal waste. Since biomass feedstock material can be replenished 
readily, biofuels are considered to be a source of renewable energy.
BIPOC: Black, Indigenous and People of Color
BLM: U.S. Department of the Interior Bureau of Land Management
BOE: Barrel of oil equivalent — a unit of energy based on the energy released 
by burning one barrel of crude oil or 5.8 million British thermal units.
BPD: Barrels per day 
BPCD: Barrels per calendar day — the average of how much crude oil or other 
feedstock a refinery processes over a period of time, divided by the number of 
days in that period, typically 365 days (a common rate measure for petroleum 
refineries).
CERT: Corporate Emergency Response Team — a highly trained group of 
MPC professionals across the company with nationally recognized response 
expertise.
CO2: Carbon dioxide
CO2E: Carbon dioxide equivalent — a common unit of measurement 
converting all greenhouse gases to carbon dioxide. MPC calculates CO2e 
emissions using the EPA factors identified in Table A-1 at 40 CFR Part 98.
DEI: Designated Environmental Incident — a metric adopted by MPC and 
MPLX to capture several categories simultaneously. It includes releases to the 
environment (including to air, land or water), permit exceedances and agency 
enforcement actions. MPC and MPLX rank DEIs in terms of their severity, 
with Tier 4 being the most severe and Tier 1 being the least. Below are partial 
descriptions of the DEI Tiers:
TIER 4 
 • Release of oil or other hazardous material onto the land greater than or 
equal to 1,000 bbl 
 • Release of oil or other hazardous material to a regulated water body 
greater than or equal to 100 bbl 
 • Reportable release to air of a hazardous material greater than or equal to 
100 times the reportable quantity 
TIER 3
 • Release of oil or other hazardous material onto the land greater than or 
equal to 100 bbl but less than 1,000 bbl
 • Release of oil or other hazardous material to a regulated water body 
greater than or equal to 10 bbl but less than 100 bbl
 • Reportable release to air of a hazardous material greater than or  
equal to an established reportable quantity but less than 100 times the 
reportable quantity
TIER 2 
 • Release of oil or other hazardous material onto the land greater than or 
equal to 10 bbl but less than 100 bbl 
 • Safety system failure or bypass 
 • Release of oil or other hazardous material into a regulated water body 
greater than or equal to 1 bbl but less than 10 bbl
 • Release to air of a hazardous material greater than or equal to 80% of a 
reportable quantity but less than an established reportable quantity 
TIER 1 
 • Release of oil or other hazardous material onto the land that is less than 
10 bbl (if less than 1 bbl, release must also be reported)
ENERGY STAR®: A program of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
recognizing energy efficiency. To achieve this status, applicants must perform 
in the top quartile for energy efficiency and have no unresolved environmental 
compliance actions from state or federal regulators.
EPA: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
ERM: Enterprise Risk Management
ESG: Environmental, social and governance
G&P: Gathering and Processing organization
GHG: Greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide and methane
GJ: Gigajoule — a measurement unit of energy. One gigajoule is roughly 
equivalent to 1 million British thermal units.
GRI: Global Reporting Initiative 
HES&S: Health, Environment, Safety and Security 
IPIECA: International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation 
Association 
ISO 9001: International Organization for Standardization’s quality 
management system criteria
MPC: Marathon Petroleum Corporation
MPL: Marathon Pipe Line LLC — a wholly owned subsidiary of MPLX that 
specializes in operating pipelines, storage tanks and marine facilities.
MPLX: A diversified, large-cap master limited partnership formed by 
Marathon Petroleum Corporation that owns and operates midstream energy 
infrastructure and logistics assets and provides fuel distribution services.
OEMS: MPC’s Operational Excellence Management System — a framework 
used to manage work and achieve health, environmental, safety, security, 
product quality and sustainability goals in an intentional and continual manner.
OSHA: The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration
OSHA RECORDABLE INCIDENT: An injury or illness that results in any 
of the following: death, days away from work, restricted work or transfer to 
another job, medical treatment beyond first aid, loss of consciousness, or a 
significant injury or illness diagnosed by a physician or other licensed health 
care professional.
PSE: Process safety event — an unplanned or uncontrolled release of a material 
from a process. Tier 1 PSEs, which we report in this publication, are the most 
serious PSEs. Below are detailed descriptions of the PSE Tiers: 
TIER 1 
 • Loss of primary containment (LOPC) exceeding Tier 1 threshold 
quantity 
 • LOPC resulting in a fatality, lost time injury, community evacuation or 
shelter-in-place
 • LOPC with fire or explosion damage > $100,000 
TIER 2 
 • LOPC exceeding Tier 2 threshold quantity
 • LOPC resulting in a recordable injury
 • LOPC with fire or explosion damage > $2,500
RC14001®: A management system that combines Responsible Care with the 
globally recognized ISO 14001 environmental management system, established 
by the International Organization for Standardization.
RENEWABLE DIESEL: A fuel that is made from renewable biomass. 
Renewable diesel uses a hydrotreating process to produce the fuel, making it 
compatible with diesel engines.
SASB: Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
SCOPE 1 EMISSIONS: All direct greenhouse gas emissions by a company. 
This includes fuel combustion, company vehicles and fugitive emissions.
SCOPE 2 EMISSIONS: Indirect greenhouse gas emissions from consumption 
of purchased electricity, heat or steam.
SCOPE 3 EMISSIONS: Other indirect greenhouse gas emissions that occur 
in a company's value chain that are not captured by Scope 2.
TONNE: Metric ton — 2,205 pounds
  87

Pictured: MPC employees plant cypress trees to restore the swamps of Lake Pontchartrain in Louisiana.
Forward-Looking Statements 
This publication includes forward-looking statements regarding Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) and MPLX LP (MPLX). Y ou can identify forward-looking statements by words such as “anticipate,” 
“believe,” “commitment,” “could,” “design,” “estimate,” “expect,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “imply,” “intend,” “may,” “objective,” “opportunity,” “outlook,” “plan,” “policy,” “position,” “potential,” “predict,” 
“priority,” “project,” “proposition,” “prospective,” “pursue,” “seek,” “should,” “strategy,” “target,” “would,” “will,” or other similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. We have 
based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our business and industry. We caution that these statements are not guarantees of future performance and 
you should not rely unduly on them, as they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. While our management considers these assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, 
economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties, most of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Factors that could cause actual results to 
differently materially from the future performance that we have expressed or forecast in our forward-looking statements include but are not limited to: general economic, political or regulatory developments, 
including inflation, changes in governmental policies relating to refined petroleum products, crude oil, natural gas or NGLs, or taxation; our ability to complete the conversion of the Martinez, California, refinery 
into a renewable fuels facility, within the expected timeframe or at all; the magnitude, duration and extent of future resurgences of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects; and the factors set forth under the 
heading “Risk Factors” in MPC’s and MPLX’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2021, and in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Any forward-looking 
statement speaks only as of the date of the applicable communication and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement except to the extent required by applicable law. Copies of MPC’s 
filings with the SEC are available on the SEC’s website, MPC’s website at https://www.marathonpetroleum.com/Investors/ or by contacting MPC’s Investor Relations office. Copies of MPLX’s filings with the 
SEC are available on the SEC’s website, MPLX’s website at http://ir.mplx.com or by contacting MPLX’s Investor Relations office.