ADVANCING OUR 
SHARED FUTURE:  
OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE Sustainability Strategy 13
Board of Directors 15
Risk Management and Strategic Planning 18
Business Ethics and Code of Business Conduct 19
Public Policy Engagement and Lobbying 20
PLANET Environmental Stewardship at Oxy 23
Climate Policy Positions 24
Climate Strategy: Building to Net-Zero 25
Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Methane and Flaring 30
Energy Utilization and Efficiency 34
Water Stewardship 37
Waste Management 43
Spill Prevention 44
Biodiversity, Land Use and Remediation 45
PEOPLE Advancing Human Capital 49
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging 51
Workforce Development and Learning 54
Health, Safety and Well-Being 56
Operating Management System 59
Product Stewardship 62
Human Rights 63
PROSPERITY Community Engagement and Social Investment 65
Industry Engagement and Leadership 70
Local Supply Chain Management 72
Letter From Our CEO   3
About Oxy  |  Oxy’s Sustainability Statement  5
Performance Highlights and Progress on Our  
Sustainability Pillars  6
About This Report 10
Stakeholder Engagement 11
CONTENTS 
APPENDICES Oxy 2019-2022 Annual ESG Data Summary  75
Notes Concerning Forward-Looking Statements  
and GHG Emissions Estimates   82
Independent Assurance Statements Regarding  
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions    84
2022 EEO-1 Report on U.S. Employees   90
Glossary of Terms   91

LETTER FROM OUR CEO 
Oxy is proud to serve as a leader and Partner of Choice® in 
energy production, essential chemistry, and carbon 
management. We are applying this leadership role to 
advance our shared future—building innovative solutions to 
global sustainability challenges in our operations and 
beyond.   
In 2022, Oxy’s Board of Directors approved our updated 
Health, Safety, Environmental (HSE) and Sustainability 
Principles. Management informed and recommended these 
principles through engagements with shareholders, 
employees and other key stakeholders. The HSE and 
Sustainability Principles incorporate Oxy’s sustainability 
priorities and our ambitious net-zero goals that we 
announced in 2020 for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. The 
Principles also promote alignment with applicable United 
Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals in our 
operations and business activities, while reinforcing our 
longstanding focus on HSE performance and community 
outreach. Our sustainability strategy is built on the pillars 
of People, Planet, Prosperity and Governance. We support 
these pillars with five key types of investments: workforce, 
community, environment, infrastructure, and solutions. 
In 2022, Oxy's employee safety performance remained 
better than our robust pre-Covid levels with an OSHA injury 
and illness incidence rate for employees of 0.26, excluding 
Covid cases.  We safely completed multiple major 
maintenance turnarounds across our operations. For 2023, 
the company set three safety priorities in conjunction with 
our contractors that are aimed at reducing incident 
severity, improving contractor safety performance, and 
harmonizing safety systems, programs and tools.
We strive to recruit, develop, and retain the best talent in a 
competitive marketplace. Oxy’s human capital initiatives, 
such as our Strategic Technical Excellence Program and 
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging Program, recognize and 
build on the unique contributions and perspectives of our 
employees and offer opportunities for continuing 
professional and personal development. Oxy’s benefits 
programs also support the physical, mental, social, and 
financial health of our employees and their families.
Oxy's success is closely tied to the diverse, vibrant 
communities in which we live and work. We aim to pursue 
mutual benefits for shareholders, workers, and host 
communities across a project’s life cycle. In designing and 
“Oxy is proud to serve as a leader 
to advance our shared future—
building innovative solutions to 
global sustainability challenges  
in our operations and beyond.”
executing each project, we closely consider the social and 
environmental attributes, in addition to the products, 
services, infrastructure, and economic benefits our 
investments generate. We greatly value the input and 
insights we receive from local residents to help enhance 
our involvement in the community. Our focus areas for 
charitable giving and community investments include 
health and safety, education, social services, military and 
veterans, the environment, and arts and culture. We 
coordinate with community leaders and non-profit 
organizations to tailor our giving and our outreach to local 
needs, particularly for disadvantaged communities. 
As we design and build new facilities, and retrofit existing 
ones, we work hard to reduce our environmental footprint 
and integrate environmental stewardship in operating 
areas. This report describes our significant investments in 
emissions reduction, water recycling, energy conservation, 
and biodiversity programs, among others, across our 
operations. Our 2023 Climate Report presents further 
details on our concrete progress toward our net-zero goals, 
such as our ongoing construction of STRATOS, the first 
commercial-scale direct air capture (DAC) facility. 
 3
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

LETTER FROM OUR CEO 
The most important thing to us is that DAC provides 
multiple pathways to decarbonization. DAC enables the 
development of decarbonized oil and gas, carbon dioxide 
removal credits (CDRs), sustainable aviation fuels, and also 
decarbonized hydrogen, chemicals like ethylene, and so 
many other vital materials that enhance our quality of life.
Our Asset Integrity program focuses on sustaining  
and expanding the productive lives of our assets and 
infrastructure. This effort supports strong HSE performance, 
helps maximize recovery of oil and gas from existing assets 
and facilities, reduces the need for greenfield development, 
and enables us to apply these assets and infrastructure in 
our carbon capture, utilization and storage projects.    
We are partnering with other leading global companies and 
non-profit organizations to deploy innovative technologies, 
products and services to provide solutions that help a range 
of industries and society at large meet global climate and 
water challenges. Our pioneering development of DAC, 
carbon sequestration hubs and markets for durable, 
high-quality CDRs is addressing a critical need identified by 
leading international organizations. Our equity investments 
in technology companies, such as Carbon Engineering, NET 
Power, Cemvita, Carbon Finance Labs, Newlight 
Technologies, Carbon Upcycling, and TerraLithium, are 
spurring innovation across the spectrum, from DAC and 
near-zero emissions power generation to sustainable 
aviation fuels and an array of low-carbon products. 
We are also helping safeguard drinking water quality with 
our OxyChem subsidiary’s water disinfection products and 
water conservation with our deployment of large-scale 
water recycling in our oil and gas operations. Through our 
partnership with global non-profit Water Mission, OxyChem 
has donated water disinfection products to supply over one 
million people with clean drinking water in refugee camps 
or disaster relief areas in 18 countries around the world. 
Oxy is actively engaged with governments, the UN-
sponsored Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0, and 
climate-focused organizations like Ipieca, the Oil and Gas 
Climate Initiative and the CCS+ Initiative to promote 
policies that will accelerate these solutions. 
I want to thank our Board of Directors and its Sustainability 
and Shareholder Engagement Committee for their 
leadership and guidance on our sustainability strategy, 
policies, and active shareholder dialogue.  I also want to 
thank you, our stakeholders, for contributing your feedback 
on our Climate and Sustainability Reports. We look forward 
to working with you to advance our shared vision of a 
sustainable future.  
Vicki Hollub
President and CEO
 4
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ABOUT OXY 
Oxy is an international energy company with assets primarily in the United States, the Middle East and North Africa. 
We are one of the largest oil and gas producers in the United States, including a leading producer in the Permian and 
DJ basins, and offshore Gulf of Mexico. Our midstream and marketing segment provides flow assurance and 
maximizes the value of our oil and gas. Our chemical subsidiary OxyChem manufactures the building blocks for 
life-enhancing products. Our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures subsidiary is advancing leading-edge technologies and 
business solutions that economically grow our business while reducing emissions. We are committed to using our 
global leadership in carbon management to advance a lower-carbon world. 
OXY’S SUSTAINABILITY 
STATEMENT 
Oxy's integrated business model unifies our talented, diverse workforce with best-in-class assets and industry 
leadership to advance innovative solutions to global challenges in accordance with our Health, Safety, Environmental 
(HSE) and Sustainability Principles. Founded in 1920, Oxy’s success is built on our core values, technical expertise, 
business acumen, strong partnerships, and our ability to deliver lasting results.  
We value our reputation as a Partner of Choice® and work hard to conduct business in a manner that safeguards our 
employees and contractors, benefits neighboring communities, strengthens regional economies, and provides 
energy and chemicals that are essential to society, while working to minimize our environmental footprint. Our 
employees drive our commitment to serve as an innovative and sustainable leader in the effort to accelerate the 
successful transition to a low-carbon future. 
We take great pride in our constructive engagement with investors, customers, non-profit organizations, host 
governments, and the communities where we live and work. We seek to design, build and operate projects with our 
communities in mind, and welcome questions and input from our neighbors about our operations and local 
investments.
Oxy seeks to continually evaluate ways where we can integrate sustainability throughout the company, improve our 
programs and performance, and transparently share our progress with stakeholders. We invite you to explore the 
content featured throughout this Sustainability Report and additional information available at Oxy.com. 
 5
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS 
AND PROGRESS ON OUR 
SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS
We believe our core differentiators—an industry-leading 
portfolio, track record of operational excellence, and 
strategy to achieve net-zero GHG emissions—enable us to 
deliver long-term enterprise value and demonstrate our 
commitment to environmental stewardship. The health and 
safety of Oxy’s workforce and communities is a top priority 
for the company. In 2022, the Board approved our updated 
HSE and Sustainability Principles that management 
recommended based on engagement with shareholders, 
employees, and other stakeholders. The HSE and 
Sustainability Principles serve to underpin Oxy’s HSE and 
Sustainability Policy and our Operating Management 
System (OMS) that direct our workforce in planning and 
conducting our operations and designing our facilities with 
workers, communities, and the environment in mind. Oxy 
works constructively in accordance with the HSE and 
Sustainability Principles with host governments, agencies 
and diverse non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to 
enhance regulations, compliance and voluntary safety and 
stewardship programs. 
We were honored to be recognized by Fortune in both 2022 
and 2023 as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies, 
ranking No. 1 in the Mining, Crude-Oil Production category. 
Oxy has made the list every reported year since 2008 and 
has achieved the No. 1 ranking 13 times. 
In December 2021, Oxy became the first U.S. upstream oil 
and gas company to incorporate an ESG performance 
metric into its credit facilities, including our $4 billion 
revolving credit facility and $600 million receivables 
securitization facility. Oxy worked closely with members of 
our bank group to develop an appropriate metric that aligns 
with the shared net-zero goals of Oxy and our lenders. 
In 2022, Oxy was a founding member of OGCI’s Aiming for 
Zero Methane Emissions Initiative to galvanize industry 
efforts to maximize methane capture for beneficial use and 
reduce avoidable methane emissions. 
In 2022, Oxy reduced our estimated methane emissions by 
approximately 58% since 2019 and 40% since 2021, with 
CO2e reductions of approximately 18% and nearly 4% over 
the same periods.
Oxy achieved Zero Routine Flaring (ZRF) during 2022 
across U.S. oil and gas operations, and our international 
operations significantly reduced routine flaring. We expect 
to achieve ZRF in our international operations well ahead of 
the World Bank’s 2030 target. 
Oxy is a leader in carbon management and major projects, 
skills we are applying to the design and construction of 
crucial infrastructure for the net-zero transition, including 
our first DAC facility, STRATOS. This expertise also guides 
Oxy's and our subsidiaries' investments in technologies 
and processes that we believe are essential to meet the 
goals of the Paris Agreement, such as Carbon Engineering, 
NET Power and TerraLithium. 
OxyChem received 37 Responsible Care® and Facility 
Safety Awards in 2023 from the American Chemistry 
Council (ACC), along with a Better Practice Award from the 
U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) Better Plants® program 
in 2022. The Better Plants program is a voluntary program 
designed to help manufacturing companies in the United 
States reduce their energy consumption and carbon 
footprint.  
OxyChem is helping address global clean water needs as a 
leading manufacturer of water treatment and disinfection 
products. Through our partnership with Water Mission, 
more than one million people in vulnerable regions have 
gained access to safe drinking water after it was made 
hygienic with OxyChem’s ACL® products. To help raise 
awareness for the urgent need to expand global access to 
clean water, OxyChem continues to sponsor the Global 
Water Center®, an educational center launched in 2021 
that leverages multi-sensory exhibits in a highly interactive 
environment.  
OxyChem is focused on reducing the footprint of its 
products through innovative energy efficiency projects, the 
use of hydrogen to reduce its natural gas demand, and a 
continued focus on product stewardship through its 
participation in Operation Clean Sweep® (OCS) Blue to 
prevent plastic resins from entering the environment. 
 6
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GOVERNANCE OUR FOCUS
Enhanced oversight of relevant sustainability matters.
 »  The Environmental, Health and Safety (EH&S) Committee of the Board oversees and reviews the status of HSE 
issues, including compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Sustainability and Shareholder Engagement 
(S&SE) Committee provides oversight of key sustainability and social responsibility issues and oversees Oxy’s 
external reporting on ESG and sustainability matters, including climate-related risks and opportunities.  
 » These committees held a joint meeting in 2022 to discuss Oxy's GHG emissions and reporting.
 »  In 2022, upon the recommendation of both committees, the Board approved updates to the company’s  
longstanding HSE Principles (as revised, the HSE and Sustainability Principles) that management recommended 
based on engagement with shareholders, employees and other stakeholders. 
 »  HSE and sustainability matters, including those with respect to climate change, are inherent in Oxy’s strategic 
plans and, accordingly, are incorporated into regular Board meetings as well as the Board’s annual in-depth 
strategic review session. 
Strategic and thoughtful Board refreshment. 
 »  In the past two years, Oxy’s Board added three new independent directors: Vicky A. Bailey, Claire O’Neill, and Ken  
Robinson. Ms. Bailey brings over 35 years of significant high-level regulatory and public policy experience in the 
energy industry both domestically and internationally. With more than 16 years of experience in consulting, 
finance, and clean energy growth strategy as well as climate policy, we believe Ms. O’Neill has provided, and will 
continue to provide, valuable insight for our low-carbon initiatives. Finally, Mr. Robinson brings over 40 years of 
experience in global finance and accounting, enterprise risk, ethics, and compliance across several industries. 
PEOPLE OUR FOCUS  
Oxy is dedicated to attracting and retaining top talent with a passion for achieving our ambitious goals.   
 » Oxy recruits from a diverse pool of candidates through local job fairs, professional societies and campuses. 
 »  Oxy values the perspectives of our multicultural workforce and fosters a supportive environment for open 
communication through our Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging Program and our Employee Resource Groups. 
 »  Oxy develops and promotes programs to enhance the continuing personal and professional growth of our 
employees, including comprehensive training and development, and our EMPower mentoring program. 
 »  Oxy offers a range of benefits that support physical, mental, social, and financial health and well-being for 
employees and their families. 
Health and safety of our workforce and communities is a top priority.     
 »  All personnel are empowered and expected to report non-compliance or unsafe conditions promptly and to exercise 
their Stop Work Authority to prevent injuries or environmental incidents. 
 »  Oxy is implementing our updated Operating Management System to provide additional support and guidance to 
our workforce. 
 »  Our 2023 safety priorities include reducing incident severity, improving contractor safety performance and 
harmonizing safety systems, programs and tools. 
Oxy remains committed to respecting and upholding human rights.  
 »  We operate in accordance with universally recognized rights and freedoms as provided in our Code of Business 
Conduct and our Human Rights Policy.
 7
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PROSPERITY OUR FOCUS  
Updated HSE and Sustainability Principles. 
 » The updated HSE and Sustainability Principles unify our workforce and exemplify our core values. The Principles  
 reflect Oxy’s ambitious net-zero goals and strategy to advance the goals of the Paris Agreement, our    
 collaboration with host communities in the transition to a net-zero economy, and our drive to provide innovative   
 products, services and solutions to help address global challenges.
Apply our expertise, infrastructure and resources to invest strategically in low-carbon ventures to 
accelerate our pathway to net zero.
 »  Oxy is deploying Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage (CCUS), including Direct Air Capture (DAC) and 
sequestration hubs, to help our company and other industry sectors achieve net-zero goals.  
Build an integrated portfolio of low-carbon projects, products, technologies and companies that 
complement our existing businesses and leverage our competitive advantages in CO2-EOR, 
reservoir management, drilling, essential chemistry and major infrastructure projects to sustain 
long-term shareholder value as we implement the net-zero transition, such as:
 »  Carbon Engineering (CE): Oxy holds an exclusive license for U.S. deployment of CE DAC technology and has a 
worldwide agreement with CE as the execution partner for all its DAC deployments. In 2023, Oxy acquired the 
remaining interests in CE to further accelerate innovation of DAC technology, drive cost reductions and capital 
efficiency improvements and catalyze broader partnerships for DAC deployment. 
 » NET Power: Oxy has invested in NET Power, which uses its patented process to react natural gas and oxygen to   
 produce reliable, clean electricity and sequestration-ready CO2. 
 » TerraLithium: a wholly-owned Oxy subsidiary with patented technologies, currently used in a demonstration   
 phase, that are capable of extracting traces of lithium from waste brines to produce ultra-high-purity lithium in a  
 way that is cost-effective and minimizes impacts to land and natural resources. 
 » Project AVOID: a novel Audio, Visual and Olfactory Inspection Device, which was developed internally at Oxy,   
 designed for 24/7 surveillance of remote locations to quickly detect methane emissions and enable prompt   
 response and repairs. 
 » Carbon Finance Labs and its CarbonSig software: a platform that allows companies to track CO2 emissions   
 across the value chain to provide detailed, auditable carbon intensity reporting at the product level. 
 » Cemvita Factory: a bio-engineering startup that is revolutionizing the way various commodities can be made by   
 using biotech processes to convert CO2 into usable products like ethylene.  
Report on sustainability issues and topics. 
 »  Oxy is committed to reporting climate-related risks and opportunities aligned with the TCFD recommendations in 
our annual Climate Report.
 »  Oxy also reports on our sustainability strategy and programs in this Sustainability Report, external 
questionnaires such as CDP and EcoVadis, and on oxy.com, and provides a detailed ESG Data Summary.
Engage with communities and other stakeholders regarding sustainability issues and topics. 
 » Oxy endorses the WEF-IBC Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics. 
 » Oxy makes community investments to support the UN SDGs. 
 »  Oxy works to strengthen our supply chain with qualified local contractors and suppliers in our operating areas.
 8
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PLANET OUR FOCUS  
GHG Emissions
Goals to achieve Net Zero across our total emissions inventory in accordance with the goals of the 
Paris Agreement. 
 » Net-zero emissions in our operations and energy use (Scope 1 and 2) before 2040, with an ambition    
 to achieve before 2035. 
 » Net-zero for our total emissions inventory including product use (Scope 1, 2 and 3) with an ambition    
 to achieve before 2050. 
 » Total carbon impact through carbon removal and storage technology and development past 2050. 
Monitor, disclose, and reduce Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions. 
 » Oxy discloses its Scope 1 and 2 operational GHG emissions, as well as Scope 3 emissions that we believe are   
 most relevant — downstream transportation and distribution of our oil and gas products (Category 9), processing  
 and refining of our oil and gas products (Category 10), and use of our sold products by consumers (Category 11). 
 » Oxy aims to reduce total Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 3.68 million MTCO2e by 2024 from 2021 levels. 
 »  OxyChem targets reducing operational GHG emissions (Scope 1 and 2) by 2.33% by 2025 compared to its 
multi-year baseline that covers the period from 2014-2019 to reflect variability in plant operating rates. 
Monitor, disclose, and reduce Scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions intensity. 
 » Oxy aims to reduce upstream oil and gas emissions intensity to 0.02 MTCO2e/BOE by 2025. 
 »  OxyChem targets reducing the GHG intensity of its products (MTCO2e/MT of product) by 2.7% by 2025 
compared to its multi-year baseline. 
Monitor, disclose, and reduce methane emissions intensity. 
 »  Oxy set a target to reduce methane emissions intensity from oil and gas operations to below 0.25% (based on 
operated wet gas production for market) by 2025. 
 »  In 2021, Oxy endorsed the UN-Sponsored Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0 to collaborate further on methane 
reductions across our value chain.  
 »  In 2022, Oxy was an original signatory to OGCI’s Aiming for Zero Methane Emissions Initiative to galvanize 
industry efforts to maximize methane capture for beneficial use and reduce avoidable methane emissions. 
End routine natural gas flaring by 2030. 
 »  Oxy was the first U.S. oil and gas company to commit to the World Bank's “Zero Routine Flaring by 2030”  
initiative, which was subsequently endorsed by most major U.S.-based oil and gas companies. 
 »  Oxy achieved Zero Routine Flaring (ZRF) across U.S. oil and gas operations in 2022, and our international  
operations significantly reduced routine flaring. We expect to achieve ZRF in our international oil and gas 
operations well ahead of the World Bank’s 2030 target. 
 
Water Stewardship
 »  Ninety-five percent of the total water withdrawn by Oxy’s U.S. oil and gas operations came from non-fresh sources 
in 2022, of which 94% was produced water. 
 »  Oxy works closely with specialized contractors who conduct significant produced water recycling to reduce our 
need for other water supplies. In 2022, we used about 47 million barrels of recycled produced water in hydraulic 
fracturing operations.
 »  In 2022, our Permian Basin operations were able to satisfy 38% of our Midland Basin and 64% of our New Mexico 
operations’ hydraulic fracturing demand with recycled produced water. 
 »  Through participation in OCS Blue, OxyChem applies leading practices to prevent the release of plastic resins into 
the environment, including waterways. 
Biodiversity 
 »  Oxy has enrolled more than 850,000 acres under various conservation agreements, which promote collaborative 
on-the-ground conservation and restoration initiatives for various species and their habitats. 
 »  Oxy currently manages five sites certified by the WHC Conservation Certification® in Kansas, Louisiana, Ohio and 
Tennessee. 
 9
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ABOUT THIS REPORT
Oxy’s sustainability reporting and strategy align with the 
World Economic Forum’s (WEF) four pillars of Stakeholder 
Capitalism:  principles of governance, planet, people, and 
prosperity. Each pillar represents a key focus area as the 
company continues to implement and enhance sustainable 
business practices and programs.  
 
Oxy was the first U.S. oil and gas company to endorse 
WEF’s Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics, a global ESG 
framework that promotes transparency with investor and 
stakeholder engagement.   
RELEVANCE
The content represents stakeholder perspectives on the most 
relevant sustainability issues and the topics that Oxy considers most 
significant to our business operations and our stakeholders. We have 
also aligned performance indicators to the SASB Standards and with 
the Ipieca Sustainability Reporting Guidance, both of which were 
developed to establish consistent industry-specific disclosure and 
facilitate communication among companies, investors, and other  
key stakeholders.  
2 SCOPE 
Our reporting provides information on our global operations across 
our oil and gas, chemical and midstream and marketing segments as 
well as sustainability and community programs and their effects on 
our stakeholders, including shareholders, employees, contractors and 
suppliers, customers, joint venture partners, NGOs, governments, and 
the communities where we operate. 
BOUNDARY
Our reporting boundary includes Oxy's operated oil and gas, chemical, 
and midstream and marketing assets, with Oxy Low Carbon Ventures 
(OLCV) included within the midstream and marketing segment. Unless 
otherwise indicated, quantitative performance data are based on Oxy’s 
operational control and do not include outside-operated joint ventures 
or facilities, customers, or end users of Oxy’s products. 
INTEGRATION AND ALIGNMENT
The Board is engaged to oversee the strategy established by 
executive leadership, including on sustainability, and associated 
external reporting on certain strategic matters. Members of the 
Board’s S&SE Committee are responsible for oversight of the 
company's external reporting on ESG and sustainability matters, 
including climate-related risks and opportunities. Oxy has adopted 
our Operating Management System based on its longstanding HSE 
Management System, which sets consistent worldwide expectations 
for business managers and employees throughout our operations to 
assess and manage performance and risks. 
Complementing the WEF’s pillars and the reporting 
guidance from the organizations noted above, seven 
reporting principles guide the structure and content 
of Oxy’s reporting process. 
3
4
CREDIBILITY
We develop, review, and verify our performance indicators, some of 
which include estimates, with our business units and corporate 
functions, provide supporting data and information on performance, 
and explain the basis for our estimates. We strive to enhance our 
reporting processes based on reporting guidance and our dialogue 
with shareholders and other stakeholders. 
TRANSPARENCY 
We aim to provide clear, understandable information to address 
topics about which our key stakeholders have expressed an interest 
and to continue refining and improving our associated processes. 
TIMELINESS
Annual performance data and indicators are provided through 
year-end 2022, except where indicated. We report on activities 
through mid-2023, where indicated. 
1
5
6
7
1. Principles of Governance 
2. Planet 
3. People 
4. Prosperity
Our reporting process is also informed by Ipieca’s 
Sustainability Reporting Guidance. Oxy’s performance 
indicators are aligned with the Value Reporting Foundation, 
using the SASB standards for the oil and gas and chemical 
sectors, as well as the ACC’s Responsible Care® initiative 
and the API's Energy Excellence® program. 
 10
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

STAKEHOLDER 
ENGAGEMENT
Stakeholder engagement is a central activity at Oxy and a 
catalyst for ongoing improvement in our policies, practices, 
and reporting. Oxy builds trust through regular and 
transparent communication and engagement with 
stakeholders, including our shareholders, employees, 
leaders in the communities in which we operate, policy 
makers, environmental organizations and business 
partners. Our goal is to understand and proactively address 
issues to develop beneficial outcomes. We regularly meet 
with shareholders to hear their views on governance, 
human capital, and Oxy’s Net-Zero Strategy, among other 
topics. Members of the Board’s S&SE Committee, among 
other Board members, communicate with shareholders and 
regularly report shareholder views to the Board. We look 
forward to continuing this dialogue on ESG and climate-
related risks and opportunities. 
The stakeholder engagement process includes the 
identification of key stakeholders, an assessment of 
stakeholder interests and issues, an evaluation of the 
community’s socioeconomic needs, if applicable, and the 
development and implementation of a stakeholder 
engagement plan. 
Oxy's President and CEO, members of Oxy's Board, our 
Corporate Secretary, and representatives of our investor 
relations, human resources, OLCV and environmental and 
sustainability teams regularly engage with stakeholders on 
sustainability matters and opportunities pertinent to Oxy, 
including our carbon management strategy and the 
policies, technologies, and market mechanisms that 
advance our net-zero goals and those of a wide range of 
other industry sectors. Oxy welcomes and considers all 
feedback from stakeholders on its performance, 
engagement, and reporting. 
Oxy also works closely with NGOs, unions, community 
leaders, and other stakeholders to advocate for policies 
that serve the goals of the Paris Agreement. We believe 
this collaboration positions Oxy to succeed in our changing 
world and reinforces our reputation as a respected Partner 
of Choice®. 
Our objectives are aligned with the applicable UN SDGs. 
These SDGs provide us with a complementary framework 
to communicate and enhance our supportive role with local 
communities and host governments. As reflected in our 
HSE and Sustainability Principles and Human Rights Policy, 
Oxy incorporates the SDGs into our sustainability strategy 
and seeks to identify additional opportunities to help 
countries, regions, and communities where we operate 
make progress toward achieving these goals. In designing 
and carrying out our projects, we closely consider their 
social and environmental attributes, in addition to the 
products, services, infrastructure and economic benefits 
that our investments generate. We recognize and respect 
our neighbors and local community members from all 
backgrounds as stakeholders. We welcome their input, 
which provides valuable insight into local needs and 
interests, ways we can augment our projects by addressing 
their questions and concerns, and how our presence can 
enhance the community. Informed by that dialogue, we 
seek to invest our time and resources in programs and 
initiatives that support the areas surrounding our 
operations, with an emphasis on disadvantaged 
communities, and that promote mutually beneficial and 
inclusive relationships with our neighbors. 
 11
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PRINCIPLES OF 
GOVERNANCE
Sustainability Strategy 
Board of Directors 
Corporate Governance 
Risk Management and Strategic Planning 
Business Ethics and Code of Business Conduct 
Public Policy Engagement and Lobbying 
 12ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
In 2020, Oxy was the first U.S. oil and gas company to 
announce goals to achieve net-zero GHG emissions for its 
total emissions inventory including use of sold products. 
These goals include achieving net-zero GHG emissions (i) 
from our operations and energy use before 2040, with an 
ambition to do so before 2035, and (ii) from our sold 
products, with an ambition to do so before 2050. In 2020, 
Oxy also set various interim targets, including 2025 carbon 
and methane intensity targets, and Oxy was the first U.S. 
oil and gas company to endorse the World Bank’s initiative 
for zero routine flaring by 2030.  
In 2022, Oxy’s Board approved updates to our longstanding 
HSE Principles to formally incorporate sustainability into 
the principles that unify our workforce and exemplify our 
core values. As revised, Oxy’s HSE and Sustainability 
Principles reflect Oxy’s ambitious net-zero goals and 
strategy to advance the goals of the Paris Agreement, our 
collaboration with host communities in the transition to a 
net-zero economy, and our drive to provide innovative 
products, services, and solutions to address global 
challenges. 
Oxy seeks to meet our sustainability and environmental 
goals through the development and commercialization of 
technologies that lower both GHG emissions from 
industrial processes and existing atmospheric 
concentrations of CO2. Oxy believes that carbon removal 
technologies, including DAC and CCUS, can, given the 
necessary incentives for their development and 
deployment, provide essential CO2 reductions to assist the 
world’s transition to a less carbon-intensive economy. 
During 2022, Oxy undertook the following actions, among 
others, toward advancing our low-carbon strategy:  
 » Achieved zero routine flaring of gas across  
 our U.S. oil and gas operations, eight years  
 ahead of the World Bank’s 2030 target 
 »  Reduced estimated methane emissions by 
approximately 58% from 2019 and 40% 
from 2021, along with CO2e reductions.
 »  Construction progressing at STRATOS, the 
first commercial-scale Direct Air Capture plant 
in the Permian Basin, with agreement for 
BlackRock to invest $550 million in STRATOS 
on behalf of clients through a fund managed 
by its Diversified Infrastructure business 
 » Acquired interests in more than   
 300,000 net acres (400 square miles)  
 of pore space access along the U.S.   
 Gulf Coast for planned sequestration hubs 
 » Invested approximately $530 million   
  in emerging net-zero or low-carbon 
technologies, businesses and    
assets, including pore space  
As part of our commitment to sustainability, Oxy strives to 
diligently identify and address our key risks and 
opportunities. We integrate ESG criteria into our strategic 
planning and investment decision-making process and 
perform routine risk assessments to support readiness for 
emerging challenges and opportunities. 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
 13
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OxyChem’s approach to sustainability and stewardship 
aligns with Oxy’s company-wide sustainability priorities 
and values. OxyChem is a central contributor to the whole 
company’s role as an innovative and sustainable industry 
leader. 
We use a variety of methods and metrics, such as priority 
topics assessments and value chain impact mapping, to 
discern and assess important sustainability issues raised 
by internal and external stakeholders. This process informs 
our sustainability strategy and programs and helps us to 
improve transparency and report on the issues that matter 
most to our stakeholders. 
Engagements in recent years have resulted in 
enhancements to Oxy’s sustainability programs and 
disclosures such as: 
 » The content of our climate and sustainability reports 
 » Matters related to corporate governance, including the  
 adoption of proxy access and the amendments to our  
 charter to, among other things, facilitate shareholders’  
 ability to act by written consent and call special meetings 
 » The executive compensation program, including the  
 design of the short-term incentive program 
 14
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
 
Oxy strives to implement sustainable business 
practices across all of our business units. We value 
input from our stakeholders and use their feedback to 
refine our sustainability strategy.

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Oxy’s diverse and highly qualified Board is led by an 
independent Chairman. The structure and operation of the 
Board is defined by Oxy’s corporate governance policies, and 
the Board is committed to strong corporate governance and 
board refreshment to help ensure diverse leadership and 
expertise. 
The Board oversees Oxy’s corporate governance, strategy 
and risk management, including ESG and climate-related 
risks and opportunities and our HSE performance. These 
matters are incorporated into regular Board and committee 
meetings, as well as the Board’s annual strategic review 
session, as central elements of the company’s strategic 
planning. In addition, the Board’s committee structure is 
designed to help ensure the Board and its committees have 
the appropriate oversight of relevant sustainability issues. 
In the past two years, Oxy’s Board added three new 
independent directors: Vicky A. Bailey, Claire O’Neill, and Ken 
Robinson. Ms. Bailey brings over 35 years of significant 
high-level regulatory and public policy experience in the 
energy industry both domestically and internationally. With 
more than 16 years of experience in consulting, finance, and 
clean energy growth strategy as well as climate policy, we 
believe Ms. O’Neill has provided, and will continue to provide, 
valuable insight for our low-carbon initiatives. Finally, Mr. 
Robinson brings over 40 years of experience in global 
finance and accounting, enterprise risk, ethics, and 
compliance across several industries. 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
BOARD DIVERSITY 
AS OF MARCH 23, 2023
50% 
Diverse
Racial/Ethnic Minorities: 3
Women: 3
ENGAGEMENT WITH SHAREHOLDERS, 
STAKEHOLDERS AND SUBJECT MATTER 
EXPERTS 
The company’s Board is accountable to our shareholders, 
and Oxy is committed to regular and transparent 
communication and engagement with shareholders and 
other stakeholders. Oxy proactively offers engagement 
meetings with shareholders collectively representing a 
majority of shares outstanding and responds to 
engagement requests as they are received. Feedback from 
these meetings is shared with directors through senior 
management reports to the Board and its committees and 
by virtue of independent director participation in various 
shareholder engagements throughout the year. 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
Oxy and its Board are committed to high standards of ethical 
conduct, institutional integrity and effective corporate 
governance in every part of our business as we work to 
benefit our shareholders, communities and society. We are 
dedicated to respecting the environment, operating safely 
and upholding high standards of ethics and sustainability 
throughout the company’s worldwide operations.
Oxy’s governance policies are reviewed and updated 
periodically to reflect changing laws and regulations, 
evolving best practices and shareholder feedback. They 
align with the Investor Stewardship Group’s Corporate 
Governance Framework for U.S. Listed Companies. 
For more information about Oxy's Governance Policies, 
please see oxy.com/investors/governance.
 15
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BOARD COMMITTEES 
The S&SE Committee oversees external reporting on ESG 
and sustainability matters, including climate-related risks 
and opportunities. This committee’s responsibilities include: 
 » Oversight of Oxy’s shareholder engagement program 
 » Oversight of Oxy’s social responsibility programs,  
 policies and practices, including the Human Rights  
 Policy 
 » Review and monitoring of climate-related public policy  
 trends and related regulatory matters 
 » Oversight of Oxy’s Political Contributions Policy and  
 review of the company’s political activities and   
 expenditures 
 » Oversight of Oxy’s Charitable Contributions and   
 Matching Gift Program  
The EH&S Committee provides oversight of HSE programs, 
performance and compliance and HSE risk management. 
Topics discussed with this committee include: 
 » Safety programs, performance and statistics 
 » Compliance with applicable HSE laws and regulations 
 » Efforts associated with Oxy’s Operating Management     
 System 
 »  Environmental programs and performance, including 
efforts to enhance energy efficiency of operations,  
control air emissions of GHGs such as CO2 and methane 
and other substances, conserve water and other natural 
resources, and prevent and respond to releases to air, 
water or land 
 » Remediation projects 
The Audit Committee oversees Oxy’s ethics and 
compliance program as well as information technology 
security programs and cyber security. This committee also 
oversees the Code of Business Conduct and Oxy’s 
Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program, which 
consolidates ESG-related risks discussed with the S&SE 
Committee and the EH&S Committee with other business, 
financial and operational risks. 
The Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee 
(Governance Committee) reviews and interprets Oxy’s 
Corporate Governance Policies, reviews and considers 
other governance issues. 
The Executive Compensation Committee reviews and 
approves the parameters and goals that determine 
executive compensation, including annual sustainability 
metrics that tie to Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions and climate-
related targets. Additional details for each of the 
committees are available in their respective charters and 
described in Oxy’s Proxy Statement.
Led by the Governance Committee, the Board conducts a 
robust annual evaluation of its performance and the 
performance of each of the Board’s committees, as well as 
the individual directors, to assess the Board’s composition 
and leadership’s effectiveness and to identify areas of 
strength and areas that may need improvement. This 
includes assessing whether the Board and its committees 
have the necessary diversity of skills, backgrounds and 
expertise to meet Oxy’s needs.  
 16
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

THE FOLLOWING BOARD COMMITTEES HAVE OVERSIGHT OF:
RISK OVERSIGHT
Strategy Oversight
Role of Management
As part of its overall responsibility for overseeing Oxy’s policies and procedures with respect to risk management,  
the Board has empowered its committees with oversight of the risks and matters described below, which are tailored to 
each committee’s area of focus.
 »  Senior leadership, including the ERM Council (a group of senior executives responsible for 
 governance and direction of the ERM program), manages risks
 »  Regularly reports to the Board on financial, operational, human capital, cyber security,  
HSE and sustainability matters
 »  The Board and its committees provide strategic guidance to management and oversight  
of Occidental’s business strategy throughout the year
 »  Annual strategic planning meeting allows for dedicated, in-depth discussion of key  
risks and opportunities facing Oxy
ENVIRONMENTAL, 
HEALTH & SAFETY (EH&S)
EXECUTIVE 
COMPENSATION
•  Compliance with applicable HSE laws and 
regulations
• Operating Management System
• Remediation projects
•  Risk assessment related to the company’s  
compensation policies and programs applicable  
to executive officers and other employees
AUDIT
• Accounting, controls and financial disclosure
• Information technology security programs
• Cyber security
• Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) process
• Code of Business Conduct
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
& NOMINATING
• Corporate governance policies
• Composition and refreshment
• Board committee leadership and membership 
• Performance evaluations
• Related Party Transactions Policy
SUSTAINABILITY &  
SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
• ESG and sustainability reporting 
•  Social responsibility programs, policies  
and practices
• Political contributions policy
• Charitable contributions program
• Shareholder engagement
 17
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

RISK MANAGEMENT AND 
STRATEGIC PLANNING
Oxy’s proactive ERM program is integral to strategic and 
capital planning and promotes safe, reliable and 
sustainable operations. Oxy’s ERM program builds upon 
systematic risk assessment programs in functional 
disciplines, such as our HSE risk management, security and 
social responsibility programs and the work of our planning 
and commercial teams. This program addresses a range of 
potential environmental and social risks and opportunities 
related to our businesses, workforce, customers and the 
communities where we operate.  
Climate-related risks serve as an example of our ERM 
process. We evaluate both physical risks and transition 
risks of climate change relating to regulatory, legal, 
reputational, technology and implementation, and 
commercial or market considerations, prioritize them for 
potential mitigation and incorporate them into risk factors 
or other disclosures as warranted. 
Oxy incorporates analyses of short- (1-4 years), medium- 
(4-12 years) and long-term (beyond 12 years) financial risks 
of a lower-carbon economy to assess the resilience of our 
assets and capital investments.  
To support strategic planning discussions at senior 
management and Board levels, Oxy considers various 
scenarios to assess potential future climate-related 
impacts on the company’s assets. We factor carbon pricing 
and energy intensity assumptions in a range of scenarios 
around commodity prices, returns on capital, and the risks 
and opportunities of GHG abatement and CO2 capture and 
utilization. Our risk evaluation also includes the potential 
physical, financial and social impacts of severe weather 
events and business disruption due to proximity to flood-
prone and water-stressed areas. 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
Other potential physical or resource risks that could arise 
from long-term shifts in climate, including water or raw 
material scarcity, changes or disruptions in energy markets, 
geopolitical risks or other supply and logistics challenges, 
are considered in our routine business planning and ERM 
processes. 
Significantly, our ERM program informs our engagement 
with shareholders, state and national regulators, industry 
associations, community and environmental groups and 
other stakeholders. 
For details on Oxy’s risk management, climate-related risks, 
review of various energy scenarios and how climate 
considerations are integrated into our risk management 
approach, please see Oxy's 2023 Climate Report. 
ESG performance is critical to Oxy's overall risk  
management and strategic planning processes.  
Both the management team and the Board provide 
oversight and are actively engaged in assessing 
sustainability-related risks and opportunities.
 18
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BUSINESS ETHICS AND CODE 
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT
Oxy has implemented a range of policies that establish clear 
performance expectations for business conduct by our 
workforce, including respect for the cultural values of our 
employees, contractors and neighboring communities and 
the promotion of human rights. The company's Code of 
Business Conduct (Code) reaffirms Oxy's commitment to 
high standards of ethical behavior and embodies Oxy’s 
business ethics, policies and procedures. The Code covers 
ethical business activities, including compliance with laws 
and regulations (such as antitrust, anti-bribery and insider 
trading laws), conflicts of interest, political contributions 
and lobbying, equal employment opportunity, human rights 
and protecting health, safety and the environment. The 
Code also addresses cyber security, data privacy and the 
use of company information systems. 
New employees receive an electronic copy of the Code and 
are required to acknowledge they have reviewed and 
understand it. Through a combination of live and virtual 
platforms, we offer training on the Code. Annually, all 
employees must certify compliance with the Code and 
related policies and procedures. 
The Code explains the many ways that questions or 
concerns may be raised, including Oxy's Integrity Helpline, 
an anonymous toll-free compliance hotline with web 
reporting options, which is available 24/7 and managed by 
an independent third party. Oxy maintains an ethics and 
compliance homepage on our intranet, where employees 
can also ask questions and seek approvals, and a policy 
alert system to notify employees of the issuance of  
new policies. 
Oxy investigates all credible reports of suspected policy 
violations and has a zero-tolerance policy regarding threats 
or acts of retaliation for raising a concern in good faith or 
cooperating in an investigation. Grievances are logged and 
responded to by the appropriate department or 
investigator, if warranted. Escalation protocols are in place 
for serious issues to be flagged to the Audit Committee and 
other applicable Board committees, as warranted.  
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
In addition, the status of reports, if they are open or closed, 
substantiated or not, is provided to the Audit Committee on 
an annual basis. 
ANTI-CORRUPTION AND BRIBERY 
Oxy prohibits bribery in all forms. Everyone subject to the 
Code must understand and comply with the Foreign 
Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and any other 
applicable anti-bribery laws, regardless of their location or 
nationality. 
ETHICAL BUSINESS STANDARDS WITH 
PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS AND CONTRACTORS 
Oxy strives to work with partners, suppliers and contractors 
who share our commitment to ethical business practices, 
health and safety, people and the environment. As a part of 
Oxy’s compliance program, Oxy evaluates prospective 
business partners, contractors, suppliers and agents and 
conveys our expectation that they must comply with Oxy’s 
policies, including the Code. Our international procurement 
contracts include provisions related to human rights, 
ethical business conduct and other relevant policies. 
 For more information about Oxy’s Code of   
 Business Conduct, please see  
 oxy.com/investors/governance.
 19
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PUBLIC POLICY ENGAGEMENT 
AND LOBBYING
Oxy often engages with governments, including 
internationally and at the federal, state and local levels, as 
well as a range of organizations and entities in the public 
and private sectors, to advance Oxy’s priorities. These 
ongoing engagements are an important driver of our 
business strategy. By working with these partners, we 
create value for the company and our key stakeholders, 
including host governments and local community 
members. 
In addition to engaging with host governments and local 
communities, Oxy engages in lobbying efforts on legislative 
and regulatory issues that impact the company and its 
stakeholders. Oxy's policy regarding political contributions 
and lobbying activities is outlined in the Code of Business 
Conduct and the Political Contributions and Lobbying 
Policy. 
Regulatory and legislative challenges and opportunities 
constantly arise in the political process at federal, state and 
local levels. These changes can directly affect Oxy’s 
businesses and stakeholders. Oxy believes it is critical for 
the company to inform policymakers and legislators of 
such issues in an ethical and transparent manner. Part of 
this process involves lobbying activities and making 
political campaign contributions. We have a robust policy 
and oversight procedures in place to help ensure that Oxy’s 
participation in the political arena is in the best interest of 
the company and its shareholders. More details can be 
found on oxy.com/sustainability under our Climate 
Advocacy and Engagement and our Climate Policy 
Position documents.  
The Code of Business Conduct regulates Oxy’s political 
contributions. The Code covers campaign contributions 
and other politically related expenses by or on behalf of 
Oxy, which are made with the approval of the Board, the 
Government Affairs Committee or their designees. The 
Government Affairs Committee initially approves all 
political contributions and reports directly to the Board. 
The Vice President, Government Relations is the current 
chair of the Government Affairs Committee. The other 
members of the Government Affairs Committee include the 
PRINCIPLES OF GOVERNANCE
President of Oxy Energy Services, Vice President of Land, 
Regulatory, Government Relations, and Corporate Affairs, 
and Executive Vice President of Essential Chemistry. 
On a quarterly basis, Oxy reports its federal lobbying 
activities to the U.S. Congress in lobbying disclosure 
reports publicly available on the U.S. Senate's Lobbying 
Disclosure Electronic Filing System website. These reports 
include Oxy’s direct lobbying expenses (e.g., salaries, office 
rent, etc.), as well as the portion of the dues paid to trade 
associations that is used for lobbying purposes. 
OXYPAC
Per federal election law, Oxy may not contribute corporate 
funds directly to federal candidates or political parties. The 
Occidental Petroleum Corporation Political Action 
Committee (OXYPAC) is an employee political action 
committee at the federal and state levels. Oxy’s political 
contributions promote only the interests of the company 
and its shareholders, and not the personal political 
preferences of its officers or directors. We have adopted 
robust policies to help ensure these activities and 
expenditures comply with applicable lobbying and disclosure 
laws in each jurisdiction. 
On an annual basis, Oxy discloses OXYPAC’s contributions, 
categorized by jurisdiction, candidate and amount, for the 
most recently ended fiscal year, including any contributions 
with respect to ballot initiatives. These annual reports of 
OXYPAC and non-OXYPAC contributions are available in the 
Political Contributions Archive. For more details on these 
contributions, please refer to information posted on: https:/ /
www.oxy.com/investors/governance/political-
contributions-and-lobbying/
 20
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

TRADE ASSOCIATIONS  
AND INDUSTRY GROUPS
Oxy is a member of and an active participant in several 
domestic and international trade, industry and professional 
associations. Membership in these groups is necessary to 
stay abreast of the wide range of issues impacting Oxy’s 
business segments. While generally not the primary 
purpose of these organizations, many actively engage in 
lobbying on shared industry issues. These organizations 
represent numerous members and interests, and Oxy does 
not always share the views of these organizations and their 
other members. 
Each year, Oxy publishes a list of U.S. trade associations of 
which Oxy is a member and to which it paid annual dues in 
excess of $50,000 in the prior fiscal year. 
Under Oxy’s Political Contributions and Lobbying Policy, the 
Government Affairs Committee must approve all trade 
association memberships with annual fees of $50,000 or 
more. For associations involved in federal lobbying, all 
issues on which these associations lobbied are listed in the 
disclosure forms filed by the organizations. These are 
available via the U.S. Senate’s Lobbying Disclosure 
Electronic Filing System U.S. Trade Associations Archive. 
ADIPEC 2022, UAE
 21
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PLANET
Environmental Stewardship at Oxy 
Climate Policy Positions 
Climate Strategy: Building to Net-Zero 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions,  
Methane and Flaring 
Energy Utilization and Efficiency 
Water Stewardship 
Waste Management 
Spill Prevention  
Biodiversity, Land Use and Remediation 
 22ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIP  
AT OXY
Oxy is committed to responsible environmental 
stewardship. We have a long-standing policy to seek 
improvement in resource conservation and recovery, 
pollution prevention and energy efficiency and to 
responsibly remediate impacts from legacy operations or 
waste management practices. Oxy integrates these 
activities through rigorous policies and procedures that 
promote compliance with environmental laws, regulations 
and internal standards. We apply technologies to conserve 
or reuse resources, design facilities to minimize our impact 
on communities and ecosystems and work with 
stakeholders to preserve habitat and biodiversity. Our 2022 
capital investment for projects related to long-term 
environmental performance improvements was 
PLANET
approximately $168 million. This amount excludes 
investments in OLCV, such as our STRATOS DAC plant and 
sequestration hubs, as well as environmental controls that 
are integrated with the development projects in our oil and 
gas, chemical and midstream and marketing segments. 
Oxy understands its dependencies on the environment 
need to be managed effectively to help ensure business 
continuity. This Planet section describes our environmental 
stewardship practices and performance, with a focus on 
climate change, energy use and GHG emissions 
management, biodiversity and habitat conservation and 
water and waste management. 
 23
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
Photo Taken Near OxyChem Facility, Geismar, LA

CLIMATE POLICY 
POSITIONS
At Oxy, we recognize the need to lower both GHG emissions 
and atmospheric concentrations of CO2. Our 2023 Climate 
Report, Leading the Way in Carbon Management, 
underscores our commitment to apply our expertise in 
carbon management and storage to achieve net zero in 
alignment with the goals of the Paris Agreement, an 
international treaty on climate change adopted by 196 
Parties at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP21) in 
Paris, France in December 2015 and administered under the 
1992 UN Framework Convention on Climate Change. The 
Paris Agreement’s overarching goals are to hold “the 
increase in the global average temperature to well below 
2°C above pre-industrial levels” and pursue efforts “to limit 
the temperature increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial 
levels." It is our core Net-Zero Strategy to develop and 
commercialize technologies that lower both GHG emissions 
from industrial processes and atmospheric concentrations 
of CO2. We also recognize the importance of effective public 
policy as we advance our net-zero goals and ambitions. 
We do not take a prescriptive view as to which policy 
approach could most efficiently meet society’s climate 
goals. Rather, we support a range of policies that aim to 
achieve the goals of the Paris Agreement. As noted in Oxy's 
Climate Policy Positions, our efforts are focused on policies 
seeking to advance technological solutions that can deliver 
significant reductions in current CO2 emissions and 
atmospheric CO2 concentrations by leveraging existing 
infrastructure while continuing to supply consumers with 
affordable, reliable energy sources and essential products. 
PLANET
OLVC and its development company, 1PointFive LLC 
(1PointFive), are working to commercialize carbon removal 
technologies including CCUS and DAC. We believe that 
these technologies can, with incentives necessary for their 
development and deployment, provide essential CO2 
reductions in the medium term. We believe maturing 
compliance and voluntary carbon markets will strengthen 
carbon pricing signals and expand commercial pathways 
for investments in CCUS, DAC and a growing suite of 
low-carbon products, while governments evaluate 
proposals to upgrade or replace electricity infrastructure 
and transportation systems over the long term. 
Oxy is committed to being part of the solution 
to climate change and developed our Net-Zero 
Strategy in alignment with the goals of the 
Paris Agreement. 
Oxy endorses the goals of the Paris Agreement—including 
its aim to limit the global temperature increase to less than 
1.5°C above pre-industrial levels—and has developed our 
Net-Zero Strategy to align with those goals. 
For more information about Oxy’s climate policy positions, 
please refer to Occidental’s Positions on Climate-Related 
Policies document available on Oxy’s Sustainability website, 
oxy.com/sustainability. 
Artist rendering of STRATOS, the first industrial-scale Direct 
Air Capture facility under construction in the Permian Basin.
 24
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

CLIMATE STRATEGY: 
BUILDING TO NET-ZERO
Oxy recognizes the significant challenge climate change 
poses to our society and is committed to be part of the 
solution. We are leveraging our expertise in carbon 
management and storage, essential chemistry, and major 
infrastructure projects in our plan to achieve net zero and 
accelerate progress on the global climate goals of the Paris 
Agreement. We are dedicated to bringing together people, 
resources, innovative technology and our 50+ year legacy of 
carbon management to accelerate our pathway to net zero, as 
well as helping others do the same. 
As the first U.S. oil and natural gas producer to establish 
net-zero emissions goals for our operations and products 
PLANET
(Scopes 1, 2 and 3) aligned with the goals of the Paris 
Agreement, we’ve taken a leadership role in developing 
solutions to accelerate a lower-carbon economy. In 2022, we 
focused on advancing DAC solutions and CO2 sequestration 
hubs—which we believe are essential to meet the goals of the 
Paris Agreement while supporting the diverse energy supply 
that society needs.  
Oxy is actively implementing multiple pathways to net zero to 
advance the goals of the Paris Agreement. Our strategy 
employs four key elements to achieve net-zero emissions in 
our operations and energy use before 2040 and aiming for 
2035, and in our total carbon inventory including the use of 
our products before 2050.  
REPORT & SHARE
MEASURE&MANAGE
EDUCATE&
ADVOCATE
Net-Zero Oil
Net-Zero
Products
Eliminate
Routine
Flaring
Expand
Electrificatio n
Sourcing 
Human-Made 
CO  for EOR
Deploy NET Power
Plants Broadly
First Cemvita
Bioethylene Plant
Rapid DAC
Deployment
Scale Carbon
Removals Globally
National
Sequestration
Hub Network
Direct Air
Capture (DAC)
NET Power
Decarbonize 
Aviation, Shipping  
and Heavy Industry
TerraLithium
Project AVOID
Xpansiv | CFL |
CarbonSig 
Cemvita
Tankless Facilities
Low/No-bleed
Controllers 
Find It/Fix It/  
Measure It
Remote
Emissions
Tracking
Automated
Monitoring
Dual-Fuel &
Electric Rigs
Project 
Interseqt
California Low Carbon 
Fuel Standard Pathway
Cemvita Research
Facility
First NET 
Power Plant 
First Regional
Sequestration
Hub
Develop Carbon 
Removal Markets
Design &
Construct
DAC Facilities
REVOLUTIONIZEREM
OVE
REUSE/RECYCLE
REDUCE
TIMING
2021–2 5
NEAR TERM
2026–35
MEDIUM TERM
2036–5 0
LONG TERM
NET ZERO
Accelerating
Innovation
Fully 
Electrified
Fields
Full Methane
Utilization
Carbon 
Market
Leader
Global 
CCUS
Leader
Oxy's original Net-Zero Strategy  
diagram from our 2021 Climate Report.
 25
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PUBLIC SUPPORT FOR THE GOALS  
OF THE PARIS AGREEMENT: 
Publicly support the goals of the Paris Agreement, 
including international cooperation as a vehicle to 
ensure these goals can be achieved at the lowest 
overall cost to the economy.
INDUSTRY DECARBONIZATION: 
In line with each company’s individual strategy, 
ambitions and aims, work to reduce emissions from 
their own operations and strive to reduce emissions 
from use of energy, together with customers and 
society. Companies may measure their contributions 
using carbon intensity and/or absolute metrics at 
different points in the value chain as determined by 
their approach.
ENERGY SYSTEM COLLABORATION: 
Collaborate with interested stakeholders, including 
energy users, investors and governments, to develop 
and promote approaches to reduce emissions from 
use of energy, in support of countries delivering their 
Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) towards 
achieving the goals of the Paris Agreement.
DEVELOPMENT OF CARBON SINKS: 
Continue to support and promote development of 
carbon removal technologies such as DAC and natural 
carbon sinks.
TRANSPARENCY: 
Provide disclosure related to climate change risks  
and opportunities consistent with the aims of  
the recommendations of the Task Force on  
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
INDUSTRY AND TRADE ASSOCIATIONS: 
Report information about their memberships of  
main industry and trade associations and their 
alignment with the companies’ key climate advocacy 
and policy positions.
THE SIX ENERGY TRANSITION PRINCIPLES
1
2
3
4
5
6
Over the past year, we have continued to progress our Net-Zero 
Strategy to: 
 » Reduce GHG emissions from our operations 
 » Revolutionize technologies to abate GHG emissions 
 » Remove CO2 directly from the atmosphere through DAC  
 » Reuse and recycle CO2 to generate low-carbon    
 transportation fuels, electricity and other products 
Oxy was the only U.S.-based energy company to join a 
multinational group of energy companies that developed 
and agreed upon six Energy Transition Principles and that 
support incentives to encourage the net-zero transition. We 
believe this transition will occur more quickly by deploying 
carbon removal technologies at scale. 
LEVERAGING 50+ YEARS OF CO2 
MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE 
Oxy has among the largest CO2 management operations in 
the world. Our subsurface engineering teams have decades 
of experience characterizing reservoirs for CO2 storage in 
our enhanced oil recovery (EOR) operations. This expertise 
enables us to broaden our portfolio of storage options 
beyond oil and gas fields to include sequestration hubs using 
saline formations. Another key differentiator is our 
comprehensive, enterprise-wide strategy, which is 
predicated on our 50+ years of experience with integrated 
carbon management and large-scale carbon separation, 
transportation, recycling and storage, to offer future 
opportunities to supply lower-carbon products and fuels and 
ultimately net-zero oil. By leveraging this expertise in CO2
  
infrastructure and subsurface reservoirs, and pairing it with 
our capabilities in essential chemistry and major project 
execution, we are positioned for success in a net-zero 
economy with a competitive advantage that enhances our 
existing businesses and sets us apart from our peers. 
We launched OLCV in 2018 to leverage our industry-leading 
experience in managing CO2 and provide impactful global 
solutions to advance net-zero emissions. The core of OLCV’s 
strategy is to design and implement innovative, scalable 
solutions that help society achieve carbon neutrality and 
accelerate the transition to a net-zero economy. 1PointFive 
focuses on commercializing and deploying CCUS and DAC 
technologies at scale to remove CO2 from industrial 
processes and the atmosphere, using the captured CO2 to 
help create less carbon-intensive products, like fuels, 
chemicals and concrete, and injecting residual CO2 in secure 
underground oil and gas or saline formations for long-term 
sequestration to meet our ambitious net-zero goals. 
 26
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Estimated Metric 
Tons per BOE 
Lifecycle Emissions 1
~0.02
~0.03
+
~0.45
~0.5
-0.4-0.6
~0.0
+
DIRECT EMISSIONS
SCOPE 1
INDIRECT EMISSIONS
SCOPE 2
CARBON INTENSITY
OF PRODUCTS
EMISSIONS CAPTURED 
& SEQUESTERED
NET-ZERO OIL EMISSIONS
SCOPE 3
CO /two.sinf IMPACT PER BBL OF OIL
1 MILLION TONNES 
DAC CO /two.sinf SUPPLIED
CO/two.sinf INJECTED 1 MILLION TONNES 
DAC CO /two.sinf 
SEQUESTERED
CO/two.sinf IS SEQUESTERED IN RESERVOIRS OVER 1.5 MILES UNDERGROUND
PRODUCING RESERVOIR
Up to 20 million tonnes of CO/two.dnom 
stored per year,
 with capability for more
INJECTION PRODUCTION
NET-ZERO OIL
FUEL USED
ZERO EMISSION 
POWER
CO/two.dnom CAPTURED
NET-ZERO OIL: A PATH TO  
LOWER-CARBON PRODUCTS 
IPCC and IEA 1.5°C scenarios show 2050 oil demand at up 
to 50% of today’s levels, specifically for hard-to-abate 
sectors that will continue to require liquid fuels and for 
hydrocarbon feedstocks. A key part of our strategy is to 
establish a supply of lower-carbon oil and gas to meet this 
need with a decarbonized product.
By pairing DAC with our existing infrastructure, we aim to 
remove an amount of CO2 equivalent to that emitted during 
the production and consumption of our products. Alongside 
our plans to reduce our operational emissions, this can 
result in net-zero oil and gas, which can then be used to 
produce lower-carbon fuels and other essential materials—
all with a lower-carbon footprint.
 
Estimated Metric 
Tons per BOE 
Lifecycle Emissions 1
~0.02
~0.03
+
~0.45
~0.5
-0.4-0.6
~0.0
+
DIRECT EMISSIONS
SCOPE 1
INDIRECT EMISSIONS
SCOPE 2
CARBON INTENSITY
OF PRODUCTS
EMISSIONS CAPTURED 
& SEQUESTERED
NET-ZERO OIL EMISSIONS
SCOPE 3
CO /two.sinf IMPACT PER BBL OF OIL
1 MILLION TONNES 
DAC CO /two.sinf SUPPLIED
CO/two.sinf INJECTED 1 MILLION TONNES 
DAC CO /two.sinf 
SEQUESTERED
CO/two.sinf IS SEQUESTERED IN RESERVOIRS OVER 1.5 MILES UNDERGROUND
PRODUCING RESERVOIR
Up to 20 million tonnes of CO/two.dnom 
stored per year,
 with capability for more
INJECTION PRODUCTION
NET-ZERO OIL
FUEL USED
ZERO EMISSION 
POWER
CO/two.dnom CAPTURED
Estimated Metric 
Tons per BOE 
Lifecycle Emissions 1
~0.02
~0.03
+
~0.45
~0.5
-0.4-0.6
~0.0
+
DIRECT EMISSIONS
SCOPE 1
INDIRECT EMISSIONS
SCOPE 2
CARBON INTENSITY
OF PRODUCTS
EMISSIONS CAPTURED 
& SEQUESTERED
NET-ZERO OIL EMISSIONS
SCOPE 3
CO /two.sinf IMPACT PER BBL OF OIL
1 MILLION TONNES 
DAC CO /two.sinf SUPPLIED
CO/two.sinf INJECTED 1 MILLION TONNES 
DAC CO /two.sinf 
SEQUESTERED
CO/two.sinf IS SEQUESTERED IN RESERVOIRS OVER 1.5 MILES UNDERGROUND
PRODUCING RESERVOIR
Up to 20 million tonnes of CO/two.dnom 
stored per year,
 with capability for more
INJECTION PRODUCTION
NET-ZERO OIL
FUEL USED
ZERO EMISSION 
POWER
CO/two.dnom CAPTURED
(1) Company Estimates
 27
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

In the second quarter of 2022, Oxy completed the Front-End Engineering and Design (FEED) for STRATOS, the first 
commercial-scale DAC plant, with construction activities initiated in the third quarter. The facility, located in Ector 
County, Texas, is expected to be commercially operational in mid-2025. Upon completion, this DAC plant is expected 
to be the world’s largest of its kind and is designed to capture up to 500,000 metric tons of CO2 per year when fully 
operational. BlackRock has agreed to invest $550 million on behalf of clients in a joint venture to develop STRATOS 
through a fund managed by its Diversified Infrastructure business. In 2023, Oxy acquired the remaining interests in 
Carbon Engineering to further accelerate innovation of DAC technology, drive cost reductions and capital efficiency 
improvements and catalyze broader partnerships for DAC deployment. For more details on this  
read here: Occidental Enters into Agreement to Acquire Direct Air Capture Technology Innovator Carbon 
Engineering (oxy.com). 
UPDATES ON DIRECT AIR CAPTURE TECHNOLOGY  
HIGHLIGHT Artist Rendering of 
STRATOS, the first 
industrial-scale Direct  
Air Capture facility
INTERNATIONAL CCUS DEVELOPMENT
Oxy is actively pursuing international development of 
CCUS. In 2023, we signed Memoranda of Understanding 
with ADNOC to evaluate participation in DAC plants and 
CO2 sequestration hubs in the U.S. and the UAE, including a 
1 million metric ton-per-year DAC plant in the UAE, and 
separately with OQ Gas Networks SAOC, the sole 
transporter of natural gas in Oman, to jointly study the 
development of potential CCUS projects in Oman in 
conjunction with Oxy's EOR projects.
 28
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

UPDATES ON CO2 SEQUESTRATION INITIATIVES  
Oxy has five sequestration hubs in progress, currently being developed across the Gulf Coast due to the region’s industrial 
intensity, extensive infrastructure, supply chain connectivity and petrochemical concentration. Oxy has secured interests in 
more than 300,000 acres — or more than 400 square miles — of pore space in southeast Texas and Louisiana. This could 
give our sequestration hubs a collective capacity to sequester up to 6 billion metric tons of CO2. Here is a current snapshot 
of our sequestration projects in progress:  
SOUTH TEXAS DAC HUB  
In October 2022, 1PointFive entered into a lease agreement 
on 106,000 acres along the Texas Gulf Coast with the 
capacity to hold up to 3 billion metric tons of CO2. The 
development will be strategically located near the 
significant coastal industrial manufacturing base of 
Southwest Texas, enabling both significant DAC and 
point-source capture projects. In August 2023, 1PointFive 
was selected to receive a grant from the U.S. Department 
of Energy’s Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations for the 
development of its South Texas DAC Hub.
POLK COUNTY HUB  
In October 2022, OLCV and Natural Resource Partners L.P. 
(NRP) entered into a CO2 Sequestration Agreement for 
approximately 65,000 acres of pore space controlled by 
NRP. The location has at least 500 million metric tons of 
resource potential and is strategically located in Southeast 
Texas close to the Gulf Coast and Haynesville shale.  
PELICAN HUB  
Strategically located to support downstream and manu-
facturing centers in Louisiana and Mississippi, the Pelican 
sequestration hub covers 30,000 acres and can store up 
to 550 million metric tons of CO2. Two Class VI well permit 
applications have been submitted to the U.S. EPA for use 
with the Pelican Hub. 
TEXAS
LOUISIANA
DAC + Sequestration
SOUTH TEXAS
Sequestration
BLUEBONNET
Sequestration
POLK COUNTY
Sequestration
MAGNOLIA
Sequestration
PELICAN
DAC + Sequestration
STRATOS
MAGNOLIA HUB  
Oxy subsidiary Magnolia Sequestration's proposed hub 
comprises 26,800 subsurface acres in Allen Parish, 
Louisiana with an estimated 300 million metric tons of total 
CO2 storage capacity. The company continues engaging 
with the community to discuss our work and listen to 
feedback and, in June 2023, contributed to the Road 
Maintenance Fund of Allen Parish. Two Class VI well permit 
applications have been submitted to the U.S. EPA in Allen 
Parish for use with the Magnolia Sequestration Hub. 
BLUEBONNET HUB 
In 2022 and 2023, an affiliate of 1PointFive leased a 
63,000-acre sequestration site with the resource potential 
to store approximately 1.2 billion metric tons of carbon 
dioxide. The Bluebonnet Hub is located in Chambers, 
Liberty and Jefferson counties in Texas near refineries, 
chemical plants and manufacturing facilities along the Gulf 
Coast from Beaumont to Houston. One Class VI permit 
application has been submitted to the U.S. EPA for use with 
the Bluebonnet Hub. 
 29
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

gas processing equipment or piping. Accordingly, Oxy's 
facilities engineering and air quality teams periodically 
review flaring activity and categories and, where 
necessary, design and implement projects that seek to 
sustain ZRF in our U.S. operations on an ongoing basis 
and to reduce total flaring to maximize beneficial use of 
methane. 
Oxy’s workforce is engaged in a multi-year plan to 
advance our ambitious interim GHG targets, including:
 »  Emissions reduction efforts that integrate  
capital projects; expanded inspection, repair and 
maintenance programs, including using fixed 
monitors and aerial and satellite surveillance; and 
changes to operating practices to minimize releases 
and flaring during third-party plant or pipeline 
outages. 
 » Strategic deployment of DAC, NET Power,   
 sequestration hubs and low-carbon fuels and   
 products to achieve our medium-term targets,   
 accelerate our pathway to net zero, and help others  
 across industry sectors meet their net-zero goals.
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS, 
METHANE AND FLARING 
Oxy is committed to improving operational performance by 
implementing practices and technologies designed to 
reduce our emissions and maximize the use of our natural 
gas production. Oxy was the first U.S. oil and gas company 
to endorse the World Bank’s initiative for Zero Routine 
Flaring (ZRF) by 2030. We are implementing a diverse range 
of projects to capture natural gas that has traditionally been 
flared, and use it to boost energy production, maintain field 
pressure or sell to third parties. We are an active participant 
in emissions reduction programs propagated through 
multiple associations, including OGCI, the Methane Guiding 
Principles, OGMP 2.0 and TEP. 
Through these practices, Oxy achieved ZRF in our Permian 
Basin operations in 2022, and our Rockies and Gulf of 
Mexico operations have sustained ZRF since 2020. Our 
international operations implemented major gas 
compression and recycling projects in 2022 to significantly 
reduce flaring and expect to achieve ZRF well ahead of the 
World Bank's 2030 target. Conditions can change at a 
given facility that affect flaring categories, such as the 
closure of third-party plants or pipelines that provide 
takeaway capacity, timing of infrastructure permitting and 
construction, or changes to throughput, gas composition, 
PLANET
NET Power is a clean energy technology company 
enabling near-zero emissions natural gas power 
generation. NET Power has agreed to build its first 
utility-scale plant in the Permian Basin to supply 
electricity to our operations to advance our net-zero 
goals, as well as produce excess CO2 for other 
processes such as EOR or the manufacturing of 
low-carbon products.
 30
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ENHANCED EMISSIONS ESTIMATES AND 
MEASUREMENT 
Oxy continues to integrate processes, methodologies and 
systems for estimating, measuring, reporting and reducing 
GHG emissions. Since 2020, we have enhanced the 
efficiency and effectiveness of these programs by 
increasing the scope of our monitoring, remote sensing 
and leak detection and repair, conducting a physical 
inventory of emissions-generating equipment, and 
incorporating more site-specific measurements into our 
data management system and emissions estimates. We 
expect to continue to review, and may update as 
warranted, emissions estimates for the years presented in 
the event of significant changes as additional data 
become available, reporting and estimation regulations or 
protocols are revised, or estimates are supplemented by 
measurements, and to reflect significant changes to Oxy’s 
assets, operations or organizational boundaries.  
Oxy has estimated direct GHG emissions from our 
operations (Scope 1), emissions associated with the 
generation by others of electricity, steam or heat that we 
purchase for use in our operations (Scope 2), and the three 
categories of emissions generated by others in our 
downstream oil and gas value chain (Scope 3) that we 
believe are most relevant — downstream transportation 
and distribution of the oil and gas products we make to 
our customers (Category 9), processing and refining of our 
oil and gas products by our customers (Category 10), and 
use of our sold oil and gas products by consumers 
(Category 11). 
ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc., a 
qualified independent external reviewer, has issued 
Independent Assurance Statements this year for 2022 
emissions and last year for 2019-2021 emissions. For 2019 
and 2020, these included Total  Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions from operated assets company-wide and by 
business segment.  For 2021 and 2022, these included: 
 »  Company-wide and business segment Scope 1, Scope 
2, Total Scope 1 and 2, and methane emissions from 
operated assets
 »  Scope 3 GHG emissions from transportation, refining 
and use of oil and gas products — our most relevant 
categories (operated basis and equity basis)
Oxy primarily reports our estimated GHG emissions and 
intensities on an operated basis. Our Annual ESG Data 
Summary contains estimates on an equity basis that 
currently exclude third-party operated assets in the U.S. 
because of a lack of consistent asset-specific data. We 
also provide our estimated GHG emissions and energy use 
data in annual CDP reporting, which we have submitted 
since its inception in 2003. 
Oxy’s Emissions Technology Team is implementing 
advanced remote emissions monitoring technologies 
using drones, aircraft and satellites. The technologies 
help identify, detect, monitor and predict unplanned 
emissions events, and alert Oxy’s operations, 
maintenance and air quality personnel for rapid action. 
The Emissions Technology Team is also working with 
technology providers and data scientists to evaluate 
improvements to techniques that estimate and measure 
methane emissions, which is a core component of Oxy’s 
carbon management program.  
Since 2022, Oxy has deployed over 55 Unmanned Aerial 
Vehicles (UAV), commonly known as drones, at several of 
our oil and gas production facilities. At our DJ Basin 
facilities, we use UAVs to survey thousands of wellheads 
as part of a voluntary initiative to reduce emissions. In 
the Permian Basin, UAVs help identify emissions from 
hard-to-access areas of facilities, such as tank thief 
hatches. The program enhances safe access to 
equipment, reduces cost and facilitates early 
identification of maintenance issues. This rapidly 
evolving technology allows us to acquire important 
operational and environmental data that support 
detection of emission sources, asset integrity inspection 
and habitat conservation and restoration.  
Oxy has also employed aircraft-based methane 
monitoring solutions across large, operated areas. In 
2022, Oxy surveyed wellheads, facilities and pipeline 
segments across U.S. operations with fixed-wing aircraft, 
deploying both broad coverage campaigns and individual 
asset surveys. 
Internationally, Oxy has leveraged satellite-based 
methane monitoring programs to provide weekly 
coverage of Oxy's operations in Oman. 
In addition, Oxy has deployed over 700 ground-based 
sensors at key facilities in the U.S. and Oman in 2023.  
EMISSIONS TECHNOLOGY TEAM 
HIGHLIGHT
 31
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OTHER AIR EMISSIONS
Oxy’s oil and natural gas, chemical and midstream operations 
generate air emissions, including sulfur oxides, nitrogen 
oxides, volatile organic compounds (VOCs), carbon monoxide, 
hydrogen sulfide and particulate matter (such as PM10 and 
PM2.5), among other substances. We monitor operating 
conditions and work hard to control air emissions from our 
facilities and oil and gas activities in compliance with federal, 
state and local regulations. These air emissions are typically 
generated from boilers, heaters, engines, flares, compressors 
and other process sources such as storage tanks, venting, gas 
boosting activities and pneumatic devices. 
INSTALLING VAPOR RECOVERY OR VAPOR 
COMBUSTION UNITS 
When designing new facilities and upgrading existing facilities, 
Oxy seeks to replace flares and vents where feasible and safe 
with closed systems that route gas to vapor recovery towers 
and then to vapor recovery units (VRUs). Where it is not feasible 
to use VRUs, Oxy may install vapor combustion units (VCUs) 
that capture VOCs and methane to safely combust the vapors. 
The installation of VRUs and VCUs is a key element of our 
efforts to reduce air emissions, such as methane and VOCs.  
For example, Oxy’s New Mexico facilities implemented a 
closed-loop flowback system with a VRU that captures vapor 
from flowback fluids directly into the gathering system. This 
gathering system represents a 60% reduction in CO2e 
combustion emissions compared to a traditional design.  
TANKLESS FACILITY DESIGN 
Oxy’s designs for new oil and gas facilities in the Permian and 
DJ Basins seek to eliminate oil storage tanks near wells by 
transporting production fluid directly by pipeline from wells to 
central processing facilities. These innovative facility designs 
decrease our environmental footprint by reducing emissions, 
dust, noise and truck traffic. In addition, Oxy has completed 
the conversion of four existing facilities to the tankless design 
with more conversions in progress. 
FIND IT, FIX IT, MEASURE IT, PREDICT IT 
Oxy’s Find It, Fix It, Measure It, Predict It program enlists our key 
resource—our dedicated operators and maintenance personnel—
to identify and fix unplanned emissions. The program includes 
training, inspection and reporting tools for operations personnel 
and close coordination with Oxy’s Air Quality Team and 
leverages reports from on-site and remote-sensing technologies 
to expedite repairs and minimize emissions. 
ELIMINATING HIGH-BLEED PNEUMATIC 
CONTROLLERS 
Oxy joined TEP in 2017, which aims to reduce methane 
emissions from production operations. Oxy’s participation in 
TEP encompasses Leak Detection and Repair (LDAR) 
procedures and equipment upgrades, such as removing, 
replacing, or retrofitting high-bleed pneumatic controllers 
with lower-bleed or non-emitting devices. 
In 2022 and 2023 we have retrofitted or eliminated all 
high-bleed pneumatic controllers found in Oxy’s U.S.  
onshore oil and gas operations.  
 
SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL 
ORGANIZATIONS IN REDUCING METHANE 
EMISSIONS 
Oxy is a member of OGCI, a CEO-led initiative comprised of 12 
of the world’s leading energy companies, producing around a 
third of global oil and gas. In addition to setting collective 
methane emissions reduction targets, OGCI is focused on 
lowering the carbon footprints of energy, industry and 
transportation value chains via engagements, policies, 
investments and deployment. OGCI-sponsored Climate 
Investment is a $1 billion-plus fund to which Oxy and other 
OGCI members contribute to invest in technologies, projects 
and business solutions with potential to significantly reduce 
emissions in the energy and industrial sectors. 
OGCI is also committed to advancing the Global Methane 
Alliance, launched by the United Nations Environment 
Programme (UNEP) to support the inclusion of methane 
emissions reduction targets in countries’ Nationally 
Determined Contributions under the Paris Agreement. In 
2022, Oxy was an original signatory to the OGCI-sponsored 
Aiming for Zero Methane Emissions pledge, an initiative to 
galvanize industry efforts to maximize methane capture for 
beneficial use and reduce avoidable methane emissions.  
In 2021, Oxy endorsed OGMP 2.0 to collaborate further on 
methane emissions reductions across our value chain. In 
2023, Oxy submitted its first Implementation Plan and Report 
to UNEP for OGMP 2.0 for the 2022 reporting year. In addition, 
Oxy is expanding the use of measured emissions in line with 
OGMP expectations for increasing site-specific measurement. 
FLARING 
As Oxy continues to progress toward elimination of routine 
flaring company-wide, we are also pursuing reduction of 
non-routine flaring such as during planned maintenance, 
facility upgrades and third-party plant and pipeline outages.  
 32
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Closed-loop gas capture is being successfully deployed at 
Oxy facilities in the Delaware Basin to eliminate flaring during 
plant and pipeline outages or other temporary operational 
conditions. Gas is temporarily injected into existing wells 
instead of flaring gas when shutting down production is not 
feasible due to surface or subsurface conditions. 
We expect to scale up this innovative gas management 
technique across our Delaware Basin operations to reduce the 
need for non-routine flaring. Oxy has received agency 
approvals for this practice in multiple wells and is submitting 
additional applications to deploy this solution in Texas and 
New Mexico. This emissions mitigation technique also 
complements our installation of tankless facilities, which 
reduce or eliminate oil storage on well pads and route 
production fluids to central processing facilities. 
In 2021, Oxy was recognized by the New Mexico Environment 
Department (NMED) for endorsing the state Environmental 
Improvement Board’s efforts to reduce flaring through more 
stringent regulations. These regulations were promoted by a 
broad coalition of environmental and community groups 
including the Environmental Defense Fund and the National 
Park Service. 
Oxy believes that policies and regulations 
developed and supported by a consensus of 
stakeholders who bring different perspectives 
to the table are more practical and sustainable 
and can create the best results.
REDUCED EMISSIONS COMPLETIONS 
Oxy implements Reduced Emissions Completions (RECs) or 
“green completions” to reduce the loss of methane and other 
hydrocarbons during drilling and completion activities. To do 
this, we plan our drilling and facility construction programs in 
tandem to capture produced gas during well completions 
and well workovers. This tandem approach allows adequate 
separation and processing so that produced gas can be 
beneficially sold to a third-party gas collection system in lieu 
of flaring.
 33
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ENERGY UTILIZATION  
AND EFFICIENCY
Oxy seeks ongoing improvement in energy efficiency. Oxy 
has for many years used cogeneration, energy efficiency 
improvements and focused integration of renewable 
energy to advance our strategy of sustaining both lower 
costs and lower emissions. Power consumption is the 
largest driver of Oxy’s operating costs. Oxy applies several 
techniques to improve energy efficiency and reduce 
emissions while sustaining our production. As a result of 
hands-on, employee-driven innovations, we have invested 
in efficiency improvements, process changes and use of 
lower-carbon power and feedstocks. 
Guided by the principles of the ACC’s Responsible Care® 
Energy Efficiency program, OxyChem's plants have 
successfully implemented innovative energy efficiency 
enhancements. In addition, OxyChem partnered with the 
DOE’s Better Plants® program to apply best practices in 
energy management to help OxyChem advance its 2025 
PLANET
sustainability goals. Another example of our energy 
innovation is the production and use of hydrogen as a 
non-carbon-based fuel source in OxyChem’s operations to 
reduce natural gas consumption and lower CO2 emissions. 
In the Texas electricity market, Oxy is one of the leading 
providers of Responsive Reserve Service, which helps 
improve reliability of the electric grid. By offering to reduce 
power consumption at specific facilities when called upon 
by the grid operator, Oxy provides the Texas electrical grid 
with a demand-response tool that helps maintain grid 
reliability for industrial, commercial and residential 
consumers. We seek to continually evaluate opportunities 
to reduce the company’s electricity costs by instituting 
practices to consume less electricity in high-demand hours, 
by minimizing electric transmission costs, and by 
increasing participation in the Responsive Reserve Service 
market. 
Oxy operates a solar photovoltaic facility near Odessa, 
Texas. The Goldsmith solar facility expands on the 
company’s commitment to economically lower its carbon 
footprint by using emissions-free power sources in its 
operations. The 120-acre field is the first large-scale solar 
facility of its kind that directly powers oil and gas operations 
in Texas and features 174,000 photovoltaic panels with a 
total capacity of 16 megawatts—enough to power the 
Goldsmith EOR field and to supply surplus electricity to the 
Texas grid. This project also advances OGCI's goal of 
electrifying operations. 
In 2022, the facility generated 43,324 MWh of electricity, 
reducing the Goldsmith EOR field’s emissions by over 16,000 
metric tons of CO2 compared to electricity purchased from 
the grid. 
RENEWABLE ENERGY
HIGHLIGHT
 34
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ENERGY UTILIZATION AND EFFICIENCY AT OXYCHEM
COGENERATION, HYDROGEN USE AND 
INNOVATION AT OXYCHEM  
For nearly two decades, natural gas and steam cogeneration 
has significantly reduced electrical power usage from the 
grid at OxyChem’s facilities and adjacent third-party plants 
and enabled Oxy to supply surplus electricity to the grid to 
serve local and regional communities near some of 
OxyChem’s operations. 
OxyChem’s Taft, Battleground and Ingleside facilities use 
hydrogen, a byproduct from the chlor-alkali process, to 
generate power and reduce its demand for natural gas. 
Hydrogen substitution has typically reduced OxyChem’s CO2 
OxyChem operates a billion-pound-per-year capacity ethylene cracker at its plant in Ingleside, Texas. OxyChem 
incorporated significant energy efficiency features, such as the use of byproduct hydrogen gas as fuel and recovery of 
surplus heat from the process and flue gas outlet of the cracking furnaces. Another unique aspect of this project is the 
use of two thermal oxidizers equipped with boilers to combust low-pressure gases from process equipment and 
storage vessels. These thermal oxidizers are designed to provide high emissions control and generate steam from the 
surplus heat. OxyChem estimates that it is eliminating approximately 970,000 MT per year of total CO2e due to the 
highly efficient design. 
OxyChem’s New Johnsonville facility in Tennessee recovers hydrogen as a byproduct in the membrane chlor-alkali 
production process to generate steam in a dedicated boiler, replacing steam generated from natural gas. 
OxyChem’s Geismar, Louisiana plant manufactures 4CPe, which is a raw material used in making advanced, low-
emissions auto refrigerants. These products have zero ozone-depletion potential and a Global Warming Potential 
(GWP) of 1 compared to conventional R-134a refrigerant used in the automobile industry, which has a GWP of 1,430. 
The 4CPe manufacturing process was developed by OxyChem scientists and patented globally. 
HIGHLIGHT
emissions by approximately 360,000 MT annually, as well as 
its GHG intensity. 
In May 2022, the DOE honored OxyChem as a Better 
Practice Award winner, which recognizes companies for 
innovative and industry-leading accomplishments in energy 
management. OxyChem received the recognition for 
incorporating an engineering, training and development 
program that led to process changes, resulting in energy 
savings that reduced CO2 emissions by 7,000 MT annually. 
 35
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PARTNERSHIPS TO REDUCE ENERGY 
CONSUMPTION   
In 2019, OxyChem joined the DOE Better Plants® program to 
reduce our energy consumption across our facilities. As part 
of this program, OxyChem partnered with the Industrial 
Assessment Centers (IAC) to perform energy audits at our 
facilities to help us identify opportunities to reduce energy 
consumption. The IACs are made up of graduate students 
from local universities who perform energy audits of 
participating U.S. manufacturing facilities. 
Being an industry leader in sustainability, OxyChem engaged 
the IACs at Louisiana State University and Texas A&M 
University to perform free energy audits at schools to help 
local communities with energy conservation. The DOE 
supported the community energy assessment program 
through the IACs, led by OxyChem, to help schools lower 
their energy costs.  
The energy audits identified opportunities to reduce four 
schools’ energy consumption through installing energy 
efficient light fixtures, occupancy sensors and heating, 
ventilation, and air conditioning improvements. For example, 
OxyChem donated over $40,000 to Paulina Elementary in 
St. James Parish, Louisiana to make the recommended 
improvements. Since the improvements were completed in 
early 2023, the school has saved over 375,000 KWH of 
energy and $34,000. 
 36
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

WATER  
STEWARDSHIP 
The production of oil and natural gas, electricity and 
chemicals requires water, and Oxy recognizes the importance 
of managing water resources responsibly. Oxy's water 
management program is designed to conserve and protect 
water resources in communities where we operate by:  
 » Optimizing the use of lower-quality produced water 
 » Recycling produced water and process water from our  
 operations 
 » Limiting the use of freshwater and potable water in our  
 operations where feasible 
Oxy’s water stewardship program, including our use of 
treatment technologies for water recycling and reuse and 
our principles of conservation, is part of our demonstrated 
support for and alignment with the UN SDGs 6 (Clean Water 
and Sanitation), 12 (Responsible Consumption and 
Production), 13 (Climate Action), 14 (Life Below Water), and 
15 (Life on Land). The SDGs give Oxy a complementary 
PLANET
framework to use as we communicate and partner with host 
governments and communities.  
We are also aligned with the Ipieca Impact Pathway 51 
(Resource Management and Biodiversity, Land and Water 
Stewardship) to adopt water stewardship strategies that 
include: collaboration around integrated water resources 
management; local participation in the collective 
management of water, particularly in areas of water scarcity; 
the improvement of water quality; and recycling and reuse of 
water, where feasible, to reduce Oxy’s usage of freshwater.  
Oxy’s water management focuses on the unique 
characteristics of the regions where we operate. Through 
practices that include the treatment and use of produced 
water, water recycling and the limited use of freshwater and 
potable water supplies, Oxy strives to confirm our water use 
does not affect the ability of municipalities, ranchers and 
farmers—and other water users near our operations—to 
secure access to water resources.  
Dos Ochos Water Recycling Facility, Loving County, Texas, an innovative design with a 
capacity of 2.1 million barrels of recycled water in the four lined polishing ponds before the 
water is returned to our operations.
 37
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

We routinely assess our water management practices, 
including those relating to water supply, treatment, reuse, 
recycling and discharge, to identify opportunities 
for improvement. Oxy's Water Strategy and Technology 
Group is a centralized team of engineers and hydrologists 
that champions best management practices, engages with 
stakeholders and water users on water management and 
conservation practices, and designs water treatment and 
recycling projects across our global operations. In 2022, Oxy 
began a Water Stewardship Community of Practice, which 
further supports development plans for our oil and gas, 
chemical, midstream and OLCV businesses in a collaborative 
manner, across different operations and geographic basins, 
and involves HSE and water management professionals 
within each business unit.  
Oxy works closely with specialized contractors who conduct 
significant produced water recycling. In 2022, a total of 
about 47 million barrels of recycled produced water were 
reused in our hydraulic fracturing operations to reduce our 
need for other water supplies. We are increasing our use of 
recycling facilities in our Permian and Rockies operations, 
while enhancing the engineering design and operability of 
these facilities. One example is using electric power for these 
new recycling facilities to minimize air emissions. 
    
AGGREGATE RECYCLING FACILITY
In addition to our produced water recycling initiatives, 
our DJ Basin’s Aggregate Recycling Facility set an 
annual recycling record by processing 889,076 barrels 
of residual materials from exploration and production 
activities in 2022, resulting in 696,480 barrels of water 
being recovered and recycled to offset freshwater 
needs during well completion operations. 
 
In 2022, Oxy conducted in-depth internal reviews of our 
water tracking and reporting processes in several key 
assets, optimized water data gathering and accounting 
processes, and updated our evaluation of water-related risks 
in our Enterprise Risk Management process. Oxy is 
transparent on its water management and has been 
disclosing our company-wide water data on withdrawal, 
consumption, recycling, beneficial use and disposal to CDP 
since 2010. In 2022, CDP recognized that Oxy is “taking 
coordinated action on water issues.”  
OxyChem, as an ACC Responsible Care® company, is 
committed to reporting on its water management practices 
and water stewardship. OxyChem prioritizes engagements 
in its value chain that align with our HSE and Sustainability 
Principles and goals around water conservation and 
stewardship. 
OxyChem’s commitment to protecting watersheds and the 
environment is also reflected by its participation in OCS 
Blue. OCS Blue is an industry initiative to implement best 
practices to prevent and report spills of plastic resin 
products outside of the manufacturer’s fence line. In 
addition, OxyChem is working with its transportation 
partners to implement the OCS Blue program during 
transportation of PVC resin products. Since 2020, OxyChem 
has had no reportable spills of PVC resin products across its 
PVC manufacturing sites.  
Oxy reports water metrics on our global operations, 
including total freshwater withdrawals and consumption, 
wastewater discharges and recycling of produced water in 
the Annual ESG Data Summary, as well as in our CDP Water 
submission. 
Oxy works to confirm that our water use does not affect the 
ability of communities near our operations to obtain access 
to freshwater resources. Oxy considers the longer-term 
patterns of integrated water resources management, 
regenerative capacity of ground water and aquifers, 
population growth, demand shifts, and the potential for 
weather-related impacts in evaluating and mitigating the 
effects of water risks on key operations, the health, safety 
and well-being of employees and contractors, and host 
communities. Oxy’s OMS encompasses programs, policies, 
standards, procedures, guidelines and operational strategies 
designed to conserve natural resources, such as improving 
efficient use, recycling and reuse of water and the quality of 
water being treated and discharged to surface water bodies. 
Oxy applies rigorous HSE risk management and Asset 
Integrity (AI) programs designed to safeguard personnel, 
protect the environment and maintain operational reliability 
of equipment and systems in our plants and fields. The 
foundation for Oxy's innovative AI program is the 
classification of systems and equipment that must remain 
HIGHLIGHT
 38
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

available to maintain safe and reliable operations. Our 
risk-based AI program includes several key elements: 
mechanical integrity, inspections, maintenance, corrosion 
management and quality assurance/quality control. To 
maintain a high level of equipment and systems integrity 
throughout our facilities, the HSE risk management and AI 
programs also involve operations, facilities engineering, 
major projects, construction, supply chain and business 
planning. For facilities and projects involving significant 
water usage or produced water generation, Oxy’s Water 
Stewardship Community of Practice and Water Strategy  
and Technology Group also actively participate.  
Oxy's investments in HSE risk management, maintenance 
and our AI program emphasize safeguarding people and the 
environment. We also invest in inspection activities, projects 
to upgrade or replace facilities and pipelines in 
environmentally sensitive areas, especially watersheds and 
freshwater bodies, and automated control systems to 
detect, report and mitigate leaks and spills to the 
environment.  
We have addressed spill prevention in four primary ways:   
 » Adopting tankless designs at new facilities and   
 upgrades of existing facilities to ship more fluid directly  
 by pipelines and reduce the potential for fluid releases  
 or emissions at tanks (which has a benefit of reducing  
 air emissions, as well as the potential for spills)   
 » Leveraging automation to expand the monitoring of  
 facilities from central locations, as well as deployment  
 over time of multi-sensory monitoring devices that can  
 detect fluid releases to the air or the ground at remote  
 sites   
 »  Re-evaluating our Spill Prevention Control and 
Countermeasures Plans and consolidating best 
practices 
 » Rapidly deploying our spill response teams of   
 employees and contractors to contain and capture  
 liquids and commence soil cleanup 
We believe these four activities can reduce spills or mitigate 
their effects. These approaches and our pollution prevention 
programs extend to confirming the vehicles we own or 
operate, including tractor-trailers, railcars and light-duty 
trucks, are well maintained and equipped with appropriate 
safety features. Transportation safety issues, including the 
transportation of hazardous materials, are closely managed 
in an effort to prevent incidents and minimize risks.  
UPSTREAM OIL AND GAS WATER 
MANAGEMENT  
Our oil and gas production operations generate significant 
quantities of produced water (i.e., saline water from 
hydrocarbon reservoirs). This produced water would not be 
generated and available for use without oil and gas 
production. Since recycled produced water often meets a 
significant portion of our water needs, produced water 
helps us to avoid competing for freshwater resources with 
municipal, agricultural or industrial users or using 
freshwater needed to sustain riparian habitat.   
Oxy’s oil and gas operations increasingly replace use of 
freshwater with brackish, non-potable produced water. In 
2022, our domestic oil and gas operations withdrew only 
5% of water from freshwater sources. Ninety-five percent 
of the total water withdrawn by Oxy’s U.S. oil and gas 
operations came from non-fresh sources, of which 94% 
was produced water. Oxy has introduced, through our 
water stewardship efforts, water technologies in recycling 
and desalination to further reduce freshwater needs, 
including constructing water recycling facilities in eastern 
New Mexico starting in 2016 and in West Texas in early 
2021, and we have continued to develop additional 
treatment and recycling with experienced contractors in 
the Permian Basin and the Rockies. For our operations in 
New Mexico’s Delaware Basin, we did not withdraw any 
water from freshwater sources in 2022. All sourced water 
was non-fresh, with 90% of it being produced water. 
Similarly, the Midland Basin operations were fully sourced 
with non-fresh water, with 67% of it being produced water. 
 39
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SOUTH CURTIS RANCH PRODUCED 
WATER RECYCLING FACILITY  
 
In March 2021, Oxy finished construction of a 
recycling facility in Midland to increase water 
recycling in our Texas Permian operations. This facility 
is a state-of-the-art, water treatment site located at 
the South Curtis Ranch. The facility is utilized by Oxy 
and other operators in the area that view the recycled 
produced water as a valuable resource. Having this 
facility, Oxy drives lower fresh and brackish water 
consumption for our operations and other operators. 
In 2022, Oxy recycled 10.6 million barrels while other 
operators recycled 2.6 million barrels of their 
produced water at the site. Of the total 13.2 million 
barrels of recycled produced water, Oxy reused 8.2 
million barrels and other operators reused 4.3 million 
barrels for their development, including hydraulic 
fracturing. Oxy and other operators that utilize the 
South Curtis Ranch facility avoided the need to 
purchase 12.5 million barrels of fresh and/or brackish 
water, which in turn would have added to water 
disposal. Two benefits are being achieved from the 
single action of reusing produced water. Our approach 
of sharing recycled produced water with others will 
serve as a model for future recycling facilities in  
other locations.
In 2022, our Oman operations treated and recycled 74% of 
their produced water to generate steam for enhanced oil 
recovery. The volumes and sources of water required by 
Oxy vary considerably by local basin and from well to well. 
Throughout our operations, Oxy is increasing the recycling 
and reuse of water, which decreases our need for both 
freshwater withdrawals and transportation and disposal of 
surplus produced water.  
Furthermore, we have introduced produced water sharing 
practices and actively collaborate with other operators and 
water service companies. In our Delaware Basin operations 
in Texas and New Mexico, we offer our surplus produced 
water to other operators in the area. In field locations 
where our own produced water is not available at the time 
of an operational need, we strive to obtain raw, treated or 
recycled produced water from third-party sources. This 
water sharing approach helps us and other operators to 
decrease withdrawals of fresh or non-freshwater and 
decrease our upstream discharges.   
Oxy has implemented major water treatment, reuse and 
recycling projects in many locations, including the United 
States and Oman. Oxy is also developing or enhancing 
water-related technologies. These include new approaches 
for the treatment of produced water and wastewater 
streams. Oxy continues to evaluate new opportunities for 
beneficial reuse of treated produced water, such as for 
agricultural and ecological use, ranching operations or the 
construction and operation of DAC facilities.   
Oxy participates actively with local water resource 
consortia in New Mexico and Texas to collaborate on water 
recycling and desalination technologies, provide 
constructive input in the regulatory development process, 
and proactively engage with regulators and local 
community members to expand recycling opportunities and 
beneficial uses for surplus produced water. 
HIGHLIGHT
 40
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

WATER-ON-DEMAND  
Oxy works diligently to protect and conserve Colorado's and 
Wyoming’s valuable resources, including freshwater. Our 
Water-On-Demand system delivers water for hydraulic 
fracturing to well sites in the DJ and Powder River Basins 
through a pipeline network, reducing truck traffic, road 
impacts, noise and GHG emissions. Produced water, along 
with varying volumes of drilling muds and fracturing fluids, 
can be collected and reused in a closed-loop system. Oxy and 
our service companies employ a range of mitigation 
techniques to manage the potential environmental impacts of 
drilling materials and flowback fluids. We work collaboratively 
with our service companies to improve drilling and production 
techniques to enhance the efficiency of water usage and to 
minimize the amounts and types of additives required for 
hydraulic fracturing. Several techniques include:  
 » Re-using drilling fluids to the maximum extent feasible 
 » Drilling via closed-loop systems in areas with high   
 freshwater tables 
 » Storing drilling muds, other oily residuals and flowback   
 water in closed containment systems or tanks for   
 on-site storage, recycling in drilling or completions, and   
 eventual disposal of residuals within our U.S. drilling   
 operations   
Through improved technologies and industry and stakeholder 
collaboration, Oxy applies water-delivery systems such as 
Water-on-Demand, water-recycling programs and closed-
loop processes to conserve freshwater resources and 
minimize truck traffic. We work with municipalities and other 
suppliers to secure recycled water, such as treated 
wastewater, for use in our operations. When recycled water is 
not used, brackish water supplies are obtained as our next 
priority, followed by recharged water sources to further 
minimize our need for freshwater.  
Oxy also uses a comprehensive underground pipeline system 
to transport production fluid to processing facilities, resulting 
in smaller tank batteries. We are able to reduce the facility 
size and create compact, lower-profile development areas.  
Our unique Water-on-Demand system brings water 
resources required for hydraulic fracturing to well sites 
through a comprehensive pipeline system, reducing truck 
traffic, impact to roads, noise and emissions. More than 180 
miles of buried water pipelines in the DJ Basin serve an 
area of more than 600 square miles. Oxy’s Water-on-
Demand benefits include:  
 » 430 million barrels, or nearly 18 billion gallons, of water  
 moved via pipelines since 2012 
 » 60+ million traffic miles (and over 100,000 MT of  
 CO 2 emissions) avoided since 2012 
 » Temporary pipelines used for short distances from  
 trunk lines to the well pads to provide safe and   
 consistent delivery of water 
 » Less reliance on onsite water storage tanks 
WATER USE FOR HYDRAULIC FRACTURING  
Oxy’s water stewardship program includes recycling of 
flowback water and its reuse in hydraulic fracturing. In 
2022, our Permian Basin operations were able to satisfy 
38% of our Midland Basin and 64% of our New Mexico 
operations’ hydraulic fracturing demand with recycled 
produced water, resulting in reduced water withdrawals 
from fresh and/or brackish water sources. In addition, Oxy 
partners with other operators to share recycled flowback 
water for hydraulic fracturing operations, further 
minimizing fresh and brackish water usage. Oxy was an 
early participant in FracFocus®, a website created by the 
Ground Water Protection Council and the Interstate Oil and 
Gas Compact Commission to provide for well-specific 
voluntary disclosure of hydraulic fracturing operations, 
including the chemical ingredients used in fracturing fluids. 
In addition to providing a national registry, the website 
provides accurate information about hydraulic fracturing 
and groundwater protection.  
 41
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy is further committed to conducting hydraulic 
fracturing in a manner that does not pose any significant 
impact to the environment or the communities in which we 
operate. Oxy and our contractors evaluate and apply a 
variety of technologies to treat produced water and 
flowback fluids, including physical treatments, membranes 
for reverse osmosis and chemical treatments, among 
others, to enable reuse and recycling of these fluids in our 
operations.  
Oxy assesses surface and subsurface conditions in the 
vicinity of our hydraulic fracturing operations, including 
proximity to waterways and other environmental attributes. 
Our deep knowledge of rock and fluid properties in 
formations across our acreage helps us to design 
completions based on geologic parameters that drive 
productivity in oil and gas formations while isolating those 
formations from freshwater zones.  
WATER QUALITY AND WASTEWATER  
Discharge to surface water bodies requires a permit or 
authorization that sets water quality parameters consistent 
with the receiving water body and may specify treatment 
requirements. Additionally, discharges or stormwater 
runoff from Oxy’s oil and gas and chemical facilities are 
evaluated for water quality under other applicable 
regulations and company policies.  
In certain locations in the United States, discharges of 
treated water from Oxy’s facilities support riparian (or 
riverbank) ecosystems by providing a more consistent 
water flow than would otherwise exist. Oxy monitors and 
mitigates water discharges based on regulatory standards, 
permit conditions, best practice frameworks and 
wastewater and effluent treatment technologies.  
Oxy is committed to transparently disclosing 
our hydraulic fracturing operations and strives 
to conduct hydraulic fracturing in a manner 
that does not impact the environment or 
communities where we operate. 
 42
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

WASTE MANAGEMENT
Oxy is committed to responsible waste management 
practices with the goals of safeguarding people and the 
environment, promoting sustainability, and ensuring 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Oxy’s 
updated HSE and Sustainability Principles, adopted by our 
Board in 2022 based upon our stakeholder engagement, 
includes a principle to “Advance the circular economy 
through waste minimization, reuse and recycling and 
extending the productive lives of our property, plants and 
infrastructure.” This principle helps us to promote several UN 
SDGs, including Clean Water and Sanitation (SDG 6), Industry, 
Innovation and Infrastructure (SDG 9), and Responsible 
Production and Consumption (SDG 12), in collaboration with 
our suppliers, customers and host communities.  
 
Our operations implement waste minimization and 
pollution prevention plans, programs and practices that 
include tracking of generation, treatment, recycling and 
disposal of residual materials and wastes. These efforts are 
designed to maximize the beneficial use, reuse and 
recycling of natural resources and byproducts and to 
reduce the amount of waste that we generate and dispose. 
We promote a culture of improvement in waste management 
practices by conducting regular audits and assessments, 
and through active engagement and peer-to-peer 
exchange of best practices promoted by international 
industry associations such as Ipieca, IOGP, API, ACC and 
the Vinyl Sustainability Council (VSC), as well as NGOs like 
EcoVadis.  
 
International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 
standards play a significant role in providing guidelines and 
frameworks that we incorporate into our Operating 
Management System to promote effective waste 
management practices. For example, Oxy’s Integrated Solid 
Waste Management facility in Oman, with a comprehensive 
waste prevention, recycling, disposal and composting 
program, adheres to and is certified under the ISO 14001 
Environmental Management System establishing waste 
management strategies that prioritize environmental 
protection. Oxy’s Oman operation is also certified under the 
ISO 50001 Energy Management System that fosters an 
energy-efficient culture and facilitates our policy objectives 
for improving energy performance and promoting efficient 
oil and gas management. ISO 14001 and ISO 50001 jointly 
provide a holistic approach to waste management and 
conservation of natural resources that help us advance 
long-term sustainability and improve environmental 
performance.  
PLANET
Our operations monitor the volumes and methods of 
treatment, recycling or disposal of wastes, and periodically 
assess opportunities for improved systems to manage 
waste generation processes. Additionally, we aim to reduce 
the total volume of waste generated during operations and 
spill events by implementing alternative products and 
bioremediation techniques and recycling material when 
feasible.    
 
Oxy’s Vanguard initiative under our Strategic Technical 
Excellence Program (STEP) sponsors sustainability 
challenges across our operations in which teams of 
employees propose innovative solutions that reduce water, 
energy or raw material use, emissions and waste 
generation, and finalists receive funding to implement their 
projects.   
 
Integrated into our HSE and Sustainability Principles is the 
sustainable circularity and stewardship of our products. 
OxyChem’s Avon Lake Ohio Technical Center is leading 
cutting-edge research in the recyclability of rigid PVC 
products. Breakthrough preliminary results from studying 
the recyclability of recovered PVC pipe that was buried in 
ground since 1998 show that it can be mechanically 
recycled without additives at least 10 times without 
compromising its mechanical properties. We look forward 
to sharing more on our ongoing research on PVC 
recyclability and associated sustainability benefits in future 
reports.  
 43
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

SPILL PREVENTION 
Oxy has dedicated project teams focused on reducing the 
number of reportable spill events and the overall volume of 
material spilled. This spill reduction initiative includes 
evaluating innovative operational processes and other 
measures to help minimize spills and conducting thorough 
analysis to identify root causes and areas for improvement. 
The project also aims to improve Oxy’s system for tracking 
and trending spill patterns to predict and address potential 
issues to minimize those events. Additionally, Oxy is 
enhancing our Spill Prevention Control and Countermeasure 
(SPCC) facilities by using flow modeling software to 
anticipate areas of potential impact. This analysis allows 
our operational teams to conduct focused inspections that 
augment our maintenance and prevention efforts to help 
minimize potential impacts to the environment.  
 
Reportable spills include releases of listed substances to 
land or water above a level stipulated by regulatory 
agencies. We track those events, including our ability to 
respond promptly to spills and contain and recover spilled 
fluids in liquid form. The increased spill volumes in 2022 in 
our oil and gas operations are attributed to a few releases 
of production fluid. Our dedicated spill response team 
promptly reported these to the appropriate authorities, 
contained the production fluid, and recovered a significant 
PLANET
portion in liquid form. One such release accounted for 40% 
of the oil and nearly 30% of the produced water released in 
2022, and our teams were able to minimize any 
environmental effects through rapid response. The 
increase in the number of reportable produced water spills 
primarily occurred in our EOR business, which injects 
recycled produced water to recover more oil in place from 
existing formations. Our EOR business is the primary focus 
area for our ongoing spill reduction efforts, including 
proactive repairs and technologies to rapidly detect and 
mitigate spills.  
 
We separately track citations issued by government 
agencies. Citations include notices of violation received 
from a government agency as well as initiation of 
government agency proceedings such as administrative 
orders, consent orders or agreements, civil actions or court 
orders to enforce environmental laws or regulations.  
 
Oxy takes proactive measures to identify, report and 
resolve compliance issues in cooperation with government 
agencies, which can also serve to mitigate potential 
penalties. Significant environmental proceedings are 
described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.  
 
Oxy's dedicated spill response teams 
act rapidly to report, contain and 
remediate spills in cooperation with 
agencies and property owners.
 44
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

BIODIVERSITY, LAND USE  
AND REMEDIATION
Oxy actively promotes habitat conservation and biodiversity. 
Conserving natural resources, including biodiversity, wildlife 
and habitat, is one of Oxy’s updated HSE and Sustainability 
Principles that our Board approved in 2022. We believe that 
using existing production infrastructure to recover additional 
oil and natural gas from mature fields provides significant 
life-cycle environmental benefits—avoiding, in many cases, 
the need for new surface disturbance, such as new roads, 
pipelines or storage and processing facilities. Environmental 
resources, including habitat quality such as vegetation 
structure, are assessed at potential well locations. We strive 
to avoid affecting species and their habitats where possible, 
and where not feasible, minimizing such effects by co-
locating infrastructure.
Oxy works with national, regional and local government 
agencies, university researchers and nonprofit 
organizations to support native species in various operating 
locations, implementing adaptive management practices to 
minimize habitat disruption and to preserve and restore 
habitat for those species. We continue to support 
conservation programs to reduce or offset impacts to 
species, whether they are endangered, threatened or 
prevalent. 
PLANET
Since 2011, Oxy has enrolled more than 850,000 acres 
under various conservation agreements in Texas and New 
Mexico for the lesser prairie-chicken, the dunes sagebrush 
lizard, the Texas Hornshell mussel, the Rio Grande cooter, 
the gray redhorse, the blue sucker and the Pecos 
springsnail. These conservation agreements promote 
collaborative on-the-ground conservation and restoration 
initiatives on federal, state and private surface to support 
the species and their habitats.
Oxy reinforces its commitment to biodiversity through 
active membership in and support of nonprofit 
conservation organizations, including the National Fish and 
Wildlife Foundation (NFWF) and the Wildlife Habitat Council 
(WHC). 
Oxy’s longstanding participation in the WHC has helped us 
to enhance habitats across the United States. WHC’s 
Corporate Wildlife Habitat Certification/International 
Accreditation Program recognizes commendable wildlife 
habitat management and environmental education 
programs at company-owned properties. We currently 
manage five sites certified by the WHC Conservation 
Certification® in Kansas, Louisiana, Ohio and Tennessee.
Oxy is a founding partner of the Pecos Watershed 
Conservation Initiative, a proactive approach to the 
Endangered Species Act which involves landscape-based 
management of multiple species and their habitats within 
the Pecos River Watershed in Southeast New Mexico and 
West Texas. The Initiative is a strategic partnership between 
industry and local, state and federal agencies with 
significant local community engagement to improve habitat 
for native species, address water scarcity, improve water 
quality and allow for responsible economic development. 
PECOS WATERSHED CONSERVATION 
INITIATIVE, NEW MEXICO AND TEXAS
HIGHLIGHT
 45
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Glenn Springs Holdings, an affiliate of OxyChem, manages 
former operating locations and other properties in 
accordance with our commitment to safeguard people and 
the environment. Since 2012, Glenn Springs has earned 
four national habitat awards from the WHC, National Wild 
Turkey Federation, Pheasants Forever and Ducks Unlimited. 
The scientists, engineers and project managers at Glenn 
Springs employ environmentally sound methods and 
innovative site restoration solutions in cooperation with 
stakeholders. Through engagement with relevant agencies 
and local communities and development and application of 
standardized processes and tools, Glenn Springs has taken 
a leadership role at many sites to achieve significant 
improvements in environmental quality in industrial, mining 
or commercial settings. Some notable Glenn Springs 
remediation and restoration achievements occurred at the 
Oil Shale restoration project in Garfield County, Colorado, 
and its work for OxyChem on former manufacturing 
properties in Columbia, Tennessee and Painesville 
Township, Ohio. These projects exemplify Glenn Springs' 
approach of combining remedial restoration and beneficial 
use of sites in a manner that improves environmental 
quality and advances community interests. As of December 
31, 2022, Oxy participated in or monitored remedial 
activities or proceedings at 162 environmental sites on 
behalf of OxyChem as well as certain oil and gas 
subsidiaries of Oxy. The environmental remediation 
program is described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
Glenn Springs is currently performing mine 
reclamation activities at the location of a former oil 
shale operation in western Colorado. The site is home 
to some of the world’s largest and most viable 
populations of Parachute penstemon, also known as 
Parachute beardtongue (Penstemon debilis). The 
Parachute penstemon is listed as threatened under 
the Endangered Species Act and critically imperiled 
by the Colorado Natural Heritage Program. Glenn 
Springs has worked closely with the Colorado Natural 
Areas Program (CNAP) under the Colorado 
Department of Natural Resources to protect this 
threatened plant. This includes coordination with 
CNAP to identify locations of P. debilis habitat, protect 
those areas from external impacts, relocate P. debilis 
from access roads and conduct regular monitoring 
and surveys to assess plant populations. Glenn 
Springs’ efforts with CNAP and for site reclamation 
have been praised by both state and federal 
regulatory agencies and NGO conservation groups 
through the years, including being recognized with an 
Excellence in Hard Rock Mining Reclamation Award in 
2013 for Outstanding Reclamation. 
GARFIELD COUNTY,  
COLORADO 
HIGHLIGHT
 46
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Upon completion of decommissioning of this former 
phosphorus plant in 2014, Glenn Springs developed 
and implemented a comprehensive wildlife 
enhancement program on the property. The site was 
first certified by the WHC in 2015 and was awarded 
Gold Certification by the WHC in 2022. Some 
highlights of the site habitat program include: 
 » Creation of nesting locations throughout the   
 property targeting the Eastern Bluebird 
 » Pollinator plantings to attract and sustain   
 migratory Monarch Butterflies and provide critical  
 milkweed plants for nurturing of Monarch   
 caterpillar larvae 
 » Implementation of a site plan to provide critical   
 avian habitat including wind shelter, food and   
 forage, cover from predators and nesting for   
 native avian species 
COLUMBIA, TENNESSEE 
HIGHLIGHT
In addition to ongoing environmental remediation 
work for OxyChem, Glenn Springs has established a 
variety of habitat programs to work with the unique 
location of the property in Painesville, Ohio, one of 
the largest stretches of grasslands on the southern 
shore of Lake Erie. Working with local birders, the 
site has developed a land maintenance program to 
optimize habitat for grassland nesting birds through 
the spring and early summer and enhanced habitat 
through the fall and winter for wintering owls. Since 
initiation of the program, birds that once were only 
using the site as a stopover have become common 
nesters. Bobolink nesting has increased tenfold at 
the site, while dickcissels, Henslow’s sparrows, and 
Sedge wrens—all uncommon to the region—are now 
regular inhabitants. 
PAINESVILLE, OHIO
HIGHLIGHT
 47
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PEOPLE
Advancing Human Capital 
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging 
Workforce Development and Learning 
Health, Safety and Well-Being 
Operating Management System 
Product Stewardship 
Human Rights 
 48ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

ADVANCING HUMAN CAPITAL
Our dedicated workforce and our community partners help 
create value for our shareholders and stakeholders. Our 
people are critical to sustain our enterprise value and 
competitive advantage, to maintain our license to operate 
and strengthen stakeholder relationships, and to achieve 
our net-zero ambitions and help the world meet the Paris 
Agreement’s climate goals. 
Oxy is proud to be a valued employer and community 
partner wherever we operate. We are dedicated to 
attracting and retaining top talent with a passion for 
producing life-enhancing energy and chemical products. 
Oxy is committed to providing safe, supportive and high-
quality work environments, rewarding initiative and 
innovation, and treating every employee with dignity and 
respect. 
Oxy recruits candidates through job fairs, professional 
societies and campus recruiting, including expanded 
recruiting at historically black colleges and universities. Our 
multicultural workforce is key to achieving the company’s 
PEOPLE
objectives, improving our environment, and contributing to 
the communities in which we live and work. 
We regularly evaluate and update our compensation, 
benefits and workforce development programs to enable 
our employees to live well and work well and to enhance our 
ability to recruit, develop, retain and promote a dedicated 
workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities 
where we operate. One example is that Oxy’s benefits 
programs are available to domestic partners of our U.S. 
payroll employees. We also offer educational resources, 
programs, time away benefits and insurance to support 
multiple factors of health including physical, mental, social, 
and financial well-being. Oxy’s goal is to give employees the 
tools and resources they need to succeed both personally 
and professionally as well as to foster a safe and 
collaborative work environment where every employee 
feels a sense of belonging.  
Oxy’s human capital resources and programs are managed 
by our Human Resources department, with support from 
 49
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

business leaders across the company. Oxy’s senior 
management team plays a key role in setting and 
monitoring Oxy’s culture, values and human capital 
strategy, with oversight by our Board and its S&SE, 
Compensation and EH&S Committees. The S&SE 
Committee oversees Oxy's Human Rights Policy and 
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging (DIB) program, and 
provides input on workforce and community development.  
The Compensation Committee oversees compensation and 
benefits programs. The EH&S Committee reviews 
employee and contractor health and safety data and 
oversees workplace health and safety initiatives. Senior 
management and the Board also engage regularly on 
workforce-related topics.  
Oxy’s mission, vision, and values unify our global workforce 
and drive innovation and operational excellence.  
 
 
To enhance employee engagement, Oxy hosts executive 
virtual conversations and townhall meetings. In these 
conversations, Oxy’s President and CEO and other 
executives review recent financial and operational 
performance as well as topics pertinent to employees, such 
as updates on the company’s DIB strategy and initiatives.  
  
Our leadership team is committed to be responsive to 
employee feedback. In 2021, to help better attract and 
retain talent, Oxy implemented the Balanced Workplace 
Program (BWP) under which eligible office-based 
employees may opt to work three days in the office and two 
days at home each week. The program affords employees 
more flexibility and promotes increased work/life balance.  
 » Lead with Passion 
 » Outperform Expectations  
 » Deliver Results Responsibly 
 » Unleash Opportunities 
 » Commit to Good 
At Oxy, we aim to actively engage 
employees on a global scale, and this starts 
with a culture built on our core values:
 50
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

DIVERSITY, INCLUSION  
AND BELONGING (DIB)
As an international company, we value the ability to 
communicate and work effectively with people from a wide 
variety of backgrounds, perspectives and cultures. Oxy has 
attracted, and continues to recruit, a diverse workforce of 
exceptional talent, including employees from many nations. 
This diversity enriches our culture and our employees’ 
experience in the workplace and contributes to an innovative 
and effective business model that benefits our shareholders 
and the local communities where we operate. The intent of 
Oxy’s DIB culture is to sustain an environment where 
employees’ differences are appreciated, celebrated and 
encouraged.  DIB fuels our innovation and spirit of excellence, 
as well as our knowledge and results. Embedding DIB into our 
culture enhances Oxy’s collaboration, performance and 
growth and helps uphold our organizational values. 
Oxy’s DIB culture starts at the top of our organization. The 
DIB Advisory Board, which is chaired by Oxy’s President 
and CEO and includes members of senior leadership, 
provides DIB governance and oversight to ensure that Oxy’s 
PEOPLE
integrated DIB strategy is executed in alignment with the 
organization’s mission, vision and strategic objectives. The 
DIB Ambassador Committee, which is chaired by Oxy’s Vice 
President of Diversity and Inclusion, consists of a diverse 
group of employee representatives from all business 
segments, domestic and international. This committee 
leads company-wide initiatives to raise DIB awareness 
through educational resources and programs. Robust 
educational sessions are available to our entire workforce 
for continued growth and development on topics such as 
inclusive leadership, diversity advocacy, recognizing and 
overcoming unconscious bias, microaggressions and 
psychological safety at work. 
Oxy’s senior management, together with the support of 
Oxy’s DIB Advisory Board and the DIB Ambassador 
Committee, work to leverage employees’ varied 
backgrounds, unique experiences and points of view to 
spark innovation, empower growth, outperform 
expectations and maximize results. 
 51
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

As a part of Oxy’s integrated DIB strategy, the Human 
Resources department launched eight new Employee 
Resource Groups (ERGs) in 2022, and another in 2023. An 
ERG is a group of employees who actively engage in 
communicating or gathering around a central purpose, 
mission, background or activity. ERGs can help advance 
inclusion and foster a sense of belonging for employees 
with a common set of interests and/or goals. The goal of 
ERGs is to be fully aligned with Oxy’s expectation to be an 
employer, neighbor and Partner of Choice. Each ERG is 
inclusive of all employees—everyone can join, benefit from 
and participate in an ERG, either as a member or an ally. 
Oxy’s eleven ERGs are as follows: 
DIVERSITY, INCLUSION AND BELONGING 
EVENTS AT OXY
JUNETEENTH (DIB)
In June 2023, members of Oxy's ERGs gathered in Houston 
to celebrate freedom and honor history at our Juneteenth 
festival, sponsored by the DIB team, commemorating the 
emancipation of Black Americans. In the spirit of commu-
nity and knowledge-sharing, ERG members learned more 
about the day's history and culture through Juneteenth 
Jeopardy and videos, and celebrated with fun games on the 
lawn, as well as food and refreshments.  
PRIDE PARADE (OUT)
Oxy participated, for the first time, in the Houston Pride 
parade in June 2023. There were 35+ employees in atten-
dance walking in the parade. Recognizing the importance 
of fostering an inclusive environment where all individu-
als are valued, Oxy is committed to providing a safe and 
welcoming workplace for all employees. We were honored 
to celebrate Pride month and the positive impact that 
LGBTQ+ individuals continue to have on our society. 
DR. SIMMONS FIRESIDE CHAT (WON)
In collaboration with the DIB team, the Women of Oxy 
Network (WON) hosted a conversation with Dr. Ruth J. 
Simmons, former President of Prairie View A&M University, 
moderated by Vicki Hollub, where we learned about Dr. 
Simmons’ personal story and how to define success on our 
own terms. Prior to Prairie View A&M University, Dr. 
Simmons was President of Brown University from 2001 to 
 52
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2012, where she was the first African American president of 
an Ivy League institution. Under her leadership, Brown made 
significant strides in improving its standing as one of the 
world’s finest research universities. Oxy thoroughly enjoyed 
hearing from Dr. Simmons as she shared significant moments 
of wisdom and motivation. 
BLACK HISTORY SPOTLIGHT WITH PAULA HARRIS (BEN)
In collaboration with the DIB team, the Black Employee 
Network (BEN) hosted a discussion between Paula Harris, 
Senior Vice President of Community Affairs for the Houston 
Astros and the Executive Director of the Astros Foundation, 
and Oxy's Chief Information Officer (CIO) Yanni Charalambous 
in February 2023. Highlights from the conversation included 
Ms. Harris' networking and career advice for young 
professionals, the importance of community outreach, and 
prioritizing balance personally and professionally. 
SHARE YOUR STORY NETWORKING EVENTS  
(MOSAIC)
The Mosaic Network gathered for Share Your Story, a 
multicultural networking event in Houston (March 2023) and 
the Woodlands (July 2023). In Houston, CIO Yanni 
Charalambous discussed growing up in the country of Cyprus, 
the hardships he faced, and his journey of coming to the 
United States and finding success. In the Woodlands, Director 
of Petrophysics Gaby Briceno shared about her upbringing in 
Venezuela and how she manages a globally diverse team. The 
events then shifted to an accelerated networking activity, 
where members of Mosaic had the opportunity to network 
with multiple people in “speed rounds.” Members left inspired 
and excited after making new connections with employees 
from different backgrounds and cultures. 
INTRAMURAL SPORTS AND HERMANN PARK 
VOLUNTEER EVENT (ECN)
In April 2023, Early Career Network (ECN) hosted a 
volunteer event at McGovern Centennial Gardens in 
Hermann Park. Volunteers took on various tasks such 
as planting, weeding, mulching, raking trails and 
grounds, removing invasive plants and similar 
projects. ECN also hosted several intramural sports 
events throughout the year, such as soccer and 
softball. ECN’s mission is to develop, inspire and unite 
Oxy's future leaders. ECN does this by sponsoring and 
promoting events focused on leadership development, 
community engagement and social interaction 
between its members and with management. 
DIVERSE BUSINESS INCLUSION PROGRAM
Oxy’s holistic approach to Diversity, Inclusion and 
Belonging includes not only our employees, but also 
our suppliers. Our Diverse Business Inclusion Program 
focuses on identifying opportunities to include diverse 
businesses in our supply chain, and Oxy encourages 
our sourcing teams to view the marketplace broadly 
and to consider certified minority-, woman-, veteran-, 
LGBTQ+-, and disabled-owned businesses for 
inclusion in our supply chain. We believe that a diverse 
supply chain, just like a diverse workforce, contributes 
to our success and growth.  
Oxy has established partnerships with seven regional 
and national certifying agencies that cover the five 
diversity strands and provide us direct access to a 
broad network of diverse suppliers.  
 53
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Employee development at Oxy is a planned, collaborative 
process. Oxy offers in-house and external training and 
development opportunities at all levels and locations to 
promote career growth. We also provide both instructor-led 
and e-learning opportunities for personal growth and 
professional development. Employees and managers share 
the responsibility to align individual development needs 
and career opportunities with Oxy’s business requirements 
and growth targets. Employees can also contact the Talent 
Development Team to help identify appropriate 
development options. 
Many employees, including our senior leaders, have 
benefited from rotational assignments that expand their 
business acumen and understanding of various functions 
such as engineering disciplines, finance, law, supply chain 
and HSE. In 2021, Oxy implemented its global STEP to 
recruit, develop and retain highly skilled and valued 
geoscientists, engineers, scientists and other 
petrotechnical professionals who can collectively drive 
innovation, advance performance and inspire the future of 
energy. STEP is a highly valued program for technical 
contributors to focus and advance on a technical,  
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT 
AND LEARNING
PEOPLE
 54
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

non-managerial career path and provides a competitive 
advantage for Oxy through the optimum application of 
technology.   
In January 2022, Oxy expanded our development 
and training opportunities and programs from 
94 on-demand professional development 
classes to over 3,000 on-demand classes 
with over 26,000 types of learning materials, 
including webcasts, videos and audio books. 
In May 2022, Oxy launched its new domestic mentoring 
program, EMPower. The purpose of EMPower is to provide 
an avenue for enhancing critical business skills, broadening 
employee networks and engaging our employees. This 
program is available for all domestic employees. 
EMPower is intended to help employees reach their full 
potential through training, skills development and 
empowerment, allowing employees to advance in their 
careers. 
Oxy provides educational assistance to eligible full-time 
employees who successfully complete pre-approved 
courses of study. Upon completion, employees are 
reimbursed for mandatory fees and necessary expenses 
including tuition, textbooks, laboratory fees, parking and 
admission fees. 
Oxy’s international operations have comprehensive 
programs to recruit and train national employees for jobs 
at all levels of the company. This is a key process that 
enhances economic development, transfers technical 
expertise to the local workforce, increases employment of 
local workers and suppliers, and reduces dependence on 
expatriate workers. Investing in education and skills-based 
training in countries where we operate helps Oxy develop 
and sustain the local technical, operational and commercial 
talent required to build, operate and maintain critical 
infrastructure for our work in those markets. 
For example, Oxy is a leading employer of nationals in 
Oman, enthusiastically expanding on programs such as 
“Omanization” of the Oxy workforce. This is a government-
initiated program that seeks to increase employment of 
Omani nationals in the public and private sectors. Oxy has 
comprehensive initiatives to recruit and train Omani 
citizens and is committed to developing and promoting 
Omani citizens in positions from entry-level to executive 
management.  
 55
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

HEALTH, SAFETY  
AND WELL-BEING 
The health and safety of our workforce and communities is a 
top priority of Oxy. In 2022, Oxy’s Board approved the 
company’s updated HSE and Sustainability Principles that 
reflect our engagement with shareholders, employees and 
other stakeholders. Oxy endeavors to apply these principles 
to improve our workplace and contractor safety, prevent and 
mitigate incidents, and safeguard people and the 
environment in the communities where we operate. In 
addition to complying with applicable HSE laws, regulations, 
policies and procedures, employees and contractors are 
empowered and expected to stop any job or activity if they 
observe conditions that may give rise to a safety or 
environmental incident, and they are often recognized for 
doing so.
Oxy focuses on safety performance through a 
comprehensive approach that begins with establishing 
consistent expectations set by the company’s Board and 
management. Our approach includes training and 
PEOPLE
0.26
37 
< 1.0
In 2022, OxyChem received 37 
Responsible Care and Facility 
Safety Awards from the American 
Chemistry Council and a Better 
Practice Award from the DOE.  
Our employee IIR has been less 
than 1.0 recordable incident 
per 100 employees for 23 
consecutive years. 
Our employee OSHA recordable 
injury & illness rate (IIR) in 2022 
was 0.26, excluding Covid cases. 
 56
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

supporting employees and contractors with safe work 
systems, technology and proactive maintenance and asset 
integrity programs. A cross-functional team at Oxy works to 
streamline HSE processes and data management under our 
Operating Management System.
In 2022, our company-wide employee injury and illness 
incidence rate (IIR) , excluding Covid cases, remained 
consistent with 2021 and below pre-Covid levels. We safely 
completed multiple major maintenance turnarounds across 
our operations to enhance the reliability of our facilities, 
reduce emissions and increase efficiency. However, our 
contractor IIR was higher than 2021 and pre-Covid years. To 
address this, we established three safety priorities for 2023 
in conjunction with our contractors — reducing incident 
severity, improving contractor safety performance, and 
harmonizing safety systems, programs and tools. These 
priorities build on the expanded use of our electronic permit 
to work system in 2022 for enhanced management and 
control of work, as well as our dashboards for greater 
visibility of real-time safety and environmental data and 
statistics to aid our management team and workforce in 
advancing our HSE and sustainability goals. 
Oxy strives to give employees the tools 
and resources they need to succeed both 
professionally and personally and to foster a safe 
and collaborative work environment. 
To that end, Oxy offers, and regularly evaluates, our 
comprehensive health, welfare, retirement and savings 
benefits plans, professional memberships and work/life 
balance benefits. Oxy also provides programs to enhance 
and support employees’ overall well-being, including their 
physical, mental, social, and financial health.  
 
Oxy has been recognized and appreciated by Oman's 
Ministry of Labour as one of the leading companies in 
applying the balanced work program in Oman, by allowing 
employees to work two days remotely during the week. This 
initiative is part of Oxy's overall well-being program to 
enhance employees' work/life balance.
WELL-BEING EDUCATION/AWARENESS 
Throughout the year, the OxyHealth team provides well-
being awareness and education and activities on several 
different topics (i.e., hydration education, mental well-being, 
nutrition, steps challenges, heart health, diabetes awareness, 
preventive health care and more). This information is 
delivered in a variety of different ways, whether through 
safety briefings, team meetings, webinars or in-person 
presentations, Yammer posts or digital or print signage. For 
example, during the summer months, OxyHealth delivered 
Healthy Hydration tips at safety meetings, sent digital and 
print signage to local site contacts to post in break rooms, 
and assembled “Healthy Hydration Kits” that included a 
printed handout with tips and samples of hydrating drinks 
and snacks (Liquid IV and Propel packets and yogurt 
smoothie pouches).  
PARTNERSHIPS AND COLLABORATIONS 
Throughout the year, Oxy’s well-being program collaborates 
with different groups and departments within Oxy since 
well-being is part of a larger conversation and integrates 
with other business goals and objectives. For example, 
OxyHealth partnered with and supported TeamOxy for the 
Houston MS150 ride to raise money for research on multiple 
sclerosis. 
On an annual basis, Oxy offers employees and spouses flu 
vaccinations, travel immunizations and access to a number 
of local healthcare resources. Annual physicals are fully 
covered for employees through Oxy’s benefit plans, and 
many of Oxy’s office locations host annual health fairs 
providing free health checks for employees and their 
families. Through the employee benefits program, Oxy offers 
an Employee Assistance Program that provides employees 
and their dependents with complimentary access to 
counseling services to help with personal or work-related 
challenges. The program provides confidential assistance 24 
hours a day, 365 days a year. 
In January 2022, Oxy introduced a new benefit service 
provider that provides a health care concierge service to 
help families manage and navigate medical, in-home care, 
housing, and social and emotional support for their own or 
their families’ complex care needs. Furthermore, Oxy’s 
Employee Benefits department presented a Total Rewards 
Roadshow at numerous Oxy sites in 2022 to help employees 
make the most of the benefits the company offers for 
employees to live well and work well.  
 57
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

MENTAL HEALTH 
Addressing well-being is imperative to help us all stay 
resilient, healthy and productive. Oxy, like many other 
organizations, understands that the continued effect of the 
pandemic, racial injustices, acts of violence and economic 
pressures, combined with personal and professional 
demands, have likely taken a toll on each of us. These 
disruptions have heightened awareness around mental 
health challenges at home and at work. Mental health 
support has become a key business objective that Oxy has 
addressed through the global well-being campaign, Commit 
to You, that the company launched in 2021 to educate 
employees and leaders about how our benefits can support 
them under the four pillars of well-being: mental, physical, 
social, and financial. 
In 2022, Oxy prioritized the importance of mental health and 
well-being through manager and employee programs and 
events. One program, sponsored by OxyHealth and the 
Mental Health Matters ERG, was a "Talk Saves Lives" 
conversation with the American Foundation for Suicide 
Prevention to learn about common risk factors, how to spot 
warning signs in others, and how to keep ourselves, our 
loved ones, and those in our community safe. 
Oxy continues to be a member of One Mind at Work, an 
employer coalition dedicated to implementing a gold 
standard for workplace mental health by combating stigma, 
improving access to treatment and prevention services, and 
fostering a psychologically safe culture. In 2022, Oxy’s 
President and CEO and the Chairman of One Mind at Work 
participated in a video broadcast for employees about 
breaking down the stigma around mental health challenges 
at work and ensuring that mental health is an accepted and 
visible part of our well-being. 
Additional examples of initiatives we have implemented to 
enhance employee well-being include: 
VIRGIN PULSE – VIRTUAL WELL-BEING PLATFORM AND 
PARTNER 
Virgin Pulse is a digital platform that helps Oxy employees 
and their spouses stay active, build healthy habits and earn 
rewards. Employees and spouses, both domestically and 
internationally, can track activities, challenge and encourage 
one another, as well as earn rewards (gift cards or wellness 
products). 
CUBEFIT BRAIN BREAK SESSIONS  
Through OxyHealth’s Fitness team, Oxy offers ongoing 
virtual “brain break” sessions throughout each week. These 
10-minute sessions offer the opportunity for Oxy employees 
to recharge and refocus by going through gentle 
movements, stretches or mindfulness moments right at their 
workstation. 
 58
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OPERATING 
MANAGEMENT SYSTEM
Oxy’s OMS provides a consistent and rigorous methodology 
to help the company identify, assess and address health, 
safety, environmental, social and operational risks across 
our business operations. The OMS is based on operational 
excellence standards aligned with the API’s Energy 
Excellence® program, the ACC's Responsible Care® 
program, the Ipieca Principles, the World Economic Forum’s 
(WEF) Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics, and the Operating 
Management System Framework of the IOGP. We are proud 
that our workforce has embraced a robust health and 
safety culture. 
HSE performance is fundamental to Oxy’s core values and 
to the success and sustainability of our business. In 2022, 
Oxy’s Board approved our updated HSE and Sustainability 
Principles that unify our workforce and exemplify our core 
values. These updated Principles reflect Oxy’s focus on 
workplace and public health and safety, ambitious net-zero 
goals and strategy to advance the goals of the Paris 
Agreement, our collaboration with host communities in the 
transition to a net-zero economy, and our drive to provide 
innovative products, services and solutions to address 
global challenges.  
OXY’S HSE AND SUSTAINABILITY PRINCIPLES 
ARE: 
 » Design and conduct safe, reliable and sustainable  
 operations that promote worker and public health and  
 safety, product stewardship and environmental quality 
 » Respect the laws and values of communities where we  
 operate and participate constructively in legislative and  
 regulatory development
 » Conserve natural resources, including biodiversity,  
 wildlife, habitat, water and energy, and manage   
 resources responsibly
 » Advance the circular economy through waste   
 minimization, reuse and recycling and extending the  
 productive lives of our property, plants and infrastructure
PEOPLE
 » Evaluate and mitigate potential risks and impacts to  
 people and the environment 
 » Pursue our ambitious goals of net-zero greenhouse gas  
 emissions in our operations and products to further the  
 goals of the Paris Agreement 
 » Report on our performance and engage with   
 shareholders and other stakeholders to enhance HSE  
 and sustainability programs
 » Collaborate with host communities to contribute to their  
 vitality in the transition to a net-zero future 
 » Provide innovative products, services and solutions to  
 help host governments, partners, suppliers and   
 customers address global challenges, achieve net-zero  
 goals, and advance the UN Sustainable Development  
 Goals
The HSE and Sustainability Principles reinforce the 
alignment among Oxy’s core values, goals and strategies, 
underpin our OMS, and help to guide our workforce across 
our businesses. We implement these Principles through our 
OMS, reflecting our focus on leadership, operational 
excellence, risk management and ongoing improvement. 
Our dedicated workforce recognizes that the programs, 
practices and technologies we deploy to promote health 
and safety, enhance air and water quality, protect habitat 
and biodiversity, and engage with our communities also 
strengthen our business, improve our products and 
services, and advance our net-zero strategy.
Oxy also strives to enhance our risk management 
programs, including process safety and asset integrity 
programs, and requires the implementation of HSE risk 
management policies and procedures at all operating 
locations and levels of the organization. Higher-level risks 
are reported through the management chain of command, 
 59
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

validated and acknowledged by business segment 
management, and reviewed annually by senior leadership 
in the ERM Council and the EH&S and Audit Committees of 
the Board, assuring that HSE management is among Oxy's 
highest priorities.
Oxy is proud of our health and safety 
performance, including our robust approach to 
risk management and asset integrity. 
The OMS facilitates compliance with laws and regulations 
and the management of HSE and sustainability risks to 
improve overall business performance. It encourages 
individual responsibility, values quantifiable results, and 
promotes communication among employees, contractors, 
neighboring communities, government authorities and 
other stakeholders. All personnel are empowered and 
expected to report non-compliance or unsafe conditions 
promptly and to exercise their Stop Work Authority to 
prevent injuries or environmental incidents. 
Performance in key areas of HSE and sustainability is 
considered in the annual review and compensation of 
employees and executive management as well as in the 
selection of contractors, suppliers and business partners. 
PROCESS SAFETY AND  
ASSET INTEGRITY
Oxy applies rigorous Process Safety Management (PSM) 
and Asset Integrity (AI) programs to safeguard personnel 
and assets, protect the environment, and maintain 
operational reliability of equipment and systems. Individual 
business segments also implement procedures specific to 
their operations, which provide the steps necessary for 
personnel to comply with our company-wide standards. 
Process safety and AI performance indicators have been 
implemented across the company to foster improvement.   
Many of our facilities are regulated by the U.S. 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and 
the Environmental Protection Agency (U.S. EPA), and the 
Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE) 
for offshore facilities. Our process safety management 
systems are designed to comply with the standards set by 
those organizations. For facilities that are not subject to 
these regulations, our process safety programs parallel the 
PSM elements laid out by OSHA. In addition to external 
regulations, our processes are supplemented by an internal 
assessment of risks and of the procedures necessary to 
proactively identify and mitigate process risks and sustain 
process safety.   
Our business segments conduct regular audits, applying 
HSE auditing tools and guidance from industry trade 
associations and from federal and state regulatory 
agencies. During this process we consider health, safety 
and process safety disciplines, environmental permitting 
and controls, and how we inspect, test and maintain our 
equipment and monitoring devices. We track corrective 
actions to completion. Our risk evaluation methodology 
promotes consistency in assessing risks and mitigation 
opportunities across our global operations. 
In addition to our performance assessment processes, Oxy 
developed an innovative AI management system that is 
designed to maintain a high level of equipment reliability 
and systems integrity throughout our facilities, involving 
operations, facilities engineering, major projects, 
construction, supply chain, business planning and HSE 
systems. Oxy’s AI program leverages the experience of 
engineers and specialists in mechanical integrity, 
maintenance, corrosion and other disciplines to manage 
technical requirements and assist in program 
implementation, execution, review and improvement. Oxy 
uses an internationally recognized and rigorous risk-based 
inspection process to manage its inspection programs for 
critical equipment. Inspection methods include on-stream 
techniques that minimize impact to operations. We 
evaluate and deploy innovative technologies and advanced 
techniques to enhance our AI inspections. This fosters a 
consistent approach worldwide and promotes the use of 
standardized tools and processes. We also coordinate with 
our joint venture partners to apply consistent process 
safety, risk management and AI processes. 
 
 
Oxy’s businesses implement robust 
auditing procedures and asset integrity 
management processes to promote 
equipment and systems integrity across 
our global facilities and operations. 
 
 60
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

EMERGENCY PLANNING AND HURRICANE 
PREPAREDNESS
The keys to effective emergency preparedness are: 
 » Understanding potential risks and hazards 
 » Planning and preparing for those identified risks  
 specific to our areas of operations 
 » Collaborating on our preparedness and response  
 capabilities with our regulatory and industry partners  
 and other relevant stakeholders 
 » Periodically reviewing our risks and updating plans 
 » Conducting exercises and safety drills 
 » Training employees on how to respond to emergencies  
 and to evaluate business continuity systems 
Hurricanes present a wind and flooding hazard to coastal 
areas of the United States, including our facilities located 
along the coast of and in the Gulf of Mexico. Cyclones can 
similarly affect our Oman facilities. Oxy engages with 
federal, state and local agencies and industry trade groups 
and associations to coordinate severe weather plans. 
Emergency response exercises provide valuable firsthand 
experience and enable employees to understand their roles 
and responsibilities. Evaluation of these exercises allows 
Oxy to identify and address any gaps in our emergency 
response plans and incorporate lessons learned. These 
exercises also streamline communication among 
emergency response agencies, local governments and 
Oxy’s HSE emergency management teams. 
From 2021 through August 2023, our Gulf of Mexico 
operations safely and successfully evacuated a total of 
1,586 personnel from our Gulf of Mexico areas of 
operations ahead of anticipated storms: 
 » 86 flights evacuated a total of 1,062 personnel from  
 platforms 
 » 23 flights evacuated a total of 524 personnel from  
 vessels 
Additionally, since 2021, Oxy has responded to several 
humanitarian assistance missions, including Winter Storm 
Uri and Hurricane Ida. Oxy’s emergency management 
teams met the needs of over 200 affected Oxy personnel.  
Through OxyChem’s partnership with Water Mission we 
have helped enable access to safe drinking water for more 
than one million people in 18 countries around the world. 
TRANSPORTATION SAFETY 
Oxy is committed to maintaining the vehicles we own or 
operate (e.g., tractor-trailers, railcars, light-duty trucks and 
passenger vehicles) and equipping them with appropriate 
safety features. Transportation safety, including the 
transportation of hazardous materials, is managed to 
minimize risks. We collaborate closely with our contractors 
who transport our personnel, products and equipment, 
whether by ground, water or air, to enhance transportation 
safety. 
The vast majority of products that we manufacture are 
delivered in bulk via pipeline, tanker trucks or rail cars to 
utility, refinery or midstream customers who consume or 
refine our products locally or export them via double-hulled 
oceangoing vessels. Railcars and tank trailers are 
placarded with appropriate hazard warnings, and hazard 
information is provided to the transporter. In addition, all 
OxyChem products transported in drums, bags and other 
non-rail or trailer containers are labeled with product 
information that follows applicable regulations when they 
leave our facilities. 
 61
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PRODUCT STEWARDSHIP
Product stewardship is one of the cornerstones of 
OxyChem’s business, and the company’s rigorous programs 
have helped it earn a reputation as an industry leader. 
OxyChem’s product stewardship systems promote the safe 
and knowledgeable use of its products throughout the 
world, as well as consistent compliance with product-
related regulations. 
As an active member of the ACC, OxyChem has 
implemented the ACC’s Responsible Care® Principles and 
the codes and standards of the ACC, the Chlorine Institute 
and the Vinyl Institute. The ACC’s Responsible Care® 
program has helped member companies significantly 
enhance their performance, deliver high-quality products, 
identify new business opportunities, safeguard workers and 
communities, and improve environmental quality. The 
program is structured around a set of specific HSE metrics 
with performance goals that are often more stringent than 
corresponding government requirements. Conformance is 
verified through internal and external audits. 
PEOPLE
OxyChem assesses the health and safety of the products 
and byproducts that it manufactures in accordance with 
the ACC’s Responsible Care® program and applicable 
international, federal and state laws and regulations. These 
assessments are used to generate product labeling and 
Safety Data Sheets that provide comprehensive product 
information, including chemical composition, use of 
personal protective equipment, instructions for safe 
handling, and environmental and health information in 
accordance with OSHA requirements. 
OxyChem’s customer and technical service departments 
provide support to customers on the safe and 
environmentally responsible handling and use of products. 
Under its Responsible Care® program and ISO 9000 
certification, a set of international standards on quality 
management and quality assurance, OxyChem surveys its 
customers annually to identify opportunities to improve 
products and services. 
 62
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

HUMAN RIGHTS
Oxy demonstrates our commitment to respecting and 
upholding human rights as outlined in the company's 
Human Rights Policy. The Policy defines Oxy’s commitment 
to promoting rights and freedoms universally recognized in 
international and national law in our business activities. It 
also addresses the company’s expectations for employees, 
contractors and suppliers, security personnel and other key 
stakeholders regarding awareness, due diligence and risk 
management practices to safeguard human rights in our 
operations.
Oxy is attentive to concerns raised by stakeholders, 
including the needs of the communities in which we 
operate, and is committed to working with stakeholders to 
support human rights within the spheres of the company’s 
activity and influence. Oxy’s Human Rights Policy 
reinforces the company’s commitments to: 
 » Operate in accordance with universally recognized  
 rights and freedoms set forth in the Universal   
 Declaration of Human Rights; the UN Guiding Principles  
 on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs); the Voluntary  
 Principles on Security and Human Rights; the   
 International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on  
 Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work; the UN  
 Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples; and  
 the ILO Convention 169 Concerning Indigenous and  
 Tribal Peoples in Independent Countries 
 » Provide a workplace free of child labor, forced labor,  
 harassment and discrimination 
 » Respect the cultural values of the communities where  
 we operate, including indigenous communities 
 » Conduct due diligence on all foreign contractors and  
 suppliers regarding human rights risks and performance 
 » Conduct social impact assessments, as necessary, to  
 identify potential risks to human rights in the company’s  
 foreign activities, and to evaluate the company’s ability  
 to make a positive impact in the communities where we  
 operate 
PEOPLE
 » Provide feedback mechanisms to allow stakeholders to  
 raise concerns or grievances, including through the  
 company’s anonymous Integrity Helpline available in  
 multiple languages 
 » Understand and appropriately address concerns raised  
 by stakeholders
 » Investigate any allegations or complaints that involve a  
 potential violation of Oxy’s Human Rights Policy 
Oxy works with partners, suppliers and contractors who 
share our commitment to ethical business practices. We 
routinely evaluate suppliers and contractors to help ensure 
they meet our standards of ethics and HSE, as well as 
human rights. As part of the Compliance Program, we 
require our suppliers and contractors to comply with 
applicable policies, including our Code of Business Conduct 
and Human Rights Policy. 
Oxy requires due diligence be conducted on all non-U.S. 
contractors and suppliers. This vetting process includes 
background checks designed to identify past corruption or 
fraud as well as human rights violations that have been 
confirmed through publicly available resources. 
Our procurement contracts routinely include provisions 
regarding the observance and protection of human rights 
and adherence to ethical business conduct. Foreign 
contracts include provisions with respect to the 
observance of human rights, as warranted, based on the 
nature and risks of the types of goods or services to be 
provided as well as applicable laws relating to human 
rights. Certain locations and types of activities receive 
additional due diligence or training. 
Oxy encourages employees and contractors to report 
suspected violations of company policies, including the 
Human Rights Policy, and provides several avenues for 
reporting. One example is Oxy’s Integrity Helpline, which 
anyone may use to anonymously report suspected policy 
violations for investigation by Oxy's Compliance 
department. 
 63
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

PROSPERITY
Community Engagement and Social Investment  
Industry Engagement and Leadership 
Local Supply Chain Management 
 64ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT 
AND SOCIAL INVESTMENT  
PROSPERITY
Oxy works hard around the world to zero in on the needs 
and interests of the communities in which we live and work. 
Our aim is to maximize positive impact for the greatest 
number of people through a robust portfolio of 
philanthropic initiatives, partnerships, and projects. We 
focus on six main areas:  
 » Health and Safety 
 » Education 
 » Social Services  
 » Military and Veterans  
 » Environment 
 » Arts and Culture 
Oxy’s community engagement and social investment 
efforts start with listening to our local employees, 
community leaders, partners, civic groups, and neighbors 
to develop local understanding and appreciation of the 
community and its challenges. Then we put that 
understanding to work to serve as an employer, neighbor, 
and Partner of Choice—creating jobs, building 
infrastructure, improving lives, and investing in a better 
future for everyone.  
From putting the ideals of the UN SDGs into action to 
addressing unique local needs, we seek to bring 
sustainable and inclusive growth and opportunity to each 
of our host communities. In 2022, Oxy paid approximately 
$3.3 billion in U.S. federal, state, and local income, property, 
sales, and severance taxes, out of a total of $4.3 billion paid 
in taxes globally.  In 2022, Oxy also invested more than $24 
million directly toward community and social investments, 
beyond our robust investments in our workforce, assets, 
and infrastructure. 
 65
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

$24 million
During 2022, Oxy invested more than $24 million 
directly toward community and social investments, 
beyond our robust investments in our workforce, 
assets, and infrastructure. 
HEALTH & SAFETY  
Health, safety, and well-being are fundamental to 
everything we do at Oxy and to the communities where we 
live and work. That’s why we support a multitude of health 
and safety partnerships and initiatives in host 
communities—specifically focusing on hospital systems, 
health-focused charities, disaster relief efforts, and local 
first responders.   
Since 2017, Oxy has donated over $3 million to volunteer 
fire departments, law enforcement agencies, and 
emergency medical services. Our much-needed 
contributions have helped put mission-critical rescue 
vehicles, safety gear, and life-saving equipment into the 
hands of these everyday heroes.    
In Oman, Oxy is a long-term supporter of the Oman Cancer 
Association through various initiatives. Our support 
includes funding for the Precision Oncology Center to lease 
genetic testing equipment in aid of care for cancer 
patients, and the Dar Al Hanan villa project which 
accommodates cancer patients from infancy to the age of 
17, including their families, from across the Sultanate. Since 
its founding in 2011, Dar Al Hanan has hosted over 500 
cancer patients. We also funded the purchasing of virtual 
reality (VR) headsets for the Ministry of Health to be used 
in local hospitals during pediatric chemotherapy 
treatments.  
EDUCATION 
Oxy is helping to increase opportunities and quality of life 
through education—especially in disadvantaged and 
underserved communities. From science, technology, 
engineering, and math (STEM) programs to initiatives that 
improve literacy and graduation rates, Oxy has helped 
improve hundreds of thousands of lives through 
educational support.   
The Barbara Bush Houston Literacy Foundation was 
created to improve well-being through the power of 
literacy. Its My Home Library provides students in 
underserved communities with books to take home to 
foster their love of reading and literacy skills outside of the 
classroom. The Foundation collaborates with local school 
districts to select the schools that will benefit the most 
from the program and works closely with those selected 
schools to build the students’ wish lists for the literary titles 
they are excited about. Oxy volunteers have provided over 
72,000 new books to students in schools in Greater 
Houston and the Permian Basin.  
In Oman, we have collaborated with the Sustainable 
Technologies and Innovation Development Company (AWJ 
Innovation) to develop the Oxy Program for Entrepreneurial 
Development in Frontier Technology or “.Nxt Jadeer.” This 
program aims to help meet the needs of the future 
economy by building the technical and entrepreneurial 
capacity of Omani higher education students, graduates, 
and job seekers. The .Nxt Jadeer program started in the 
2020/2021 academic year and includes 1,200 participants 
annually who are selected from more than 5,000 
applicants. Since inception, the .Nxt Jadeer program 
enabled the employment of 1,378 Omani nationals and the 
establishment of 5 local businesses out of approximately 
65 mature entrepreneurial ideas.  
In collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Innotec 
in Oman, we also sponsor the AWTAD 3D Printing Program, 
which trains high school students and teachers in 3D 
printing technologies.  
In 2012, Oxy also began supporting the honoring 
ceremonies for high-performing students in Al Wusta 
Governorate; the program soon expanded to other regions 
including Wilayat Adam, Bahla and Hamra Al Duru, as well 
as the top 100 General Education Diploma Graduate 
students across Oman. Approximately 600 students 
annually benefit directly from this initiative, and a 7% 
increase in the overall academic performance of students 
has been witnessed since the start of this program.    
 
 66
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

In Abu Dhabi, Oxy contributes to the Emirates Foundation, a 
philanthropic organization established by the Emirati 
government to facilitate public-private partnerships for 
empowering youth. Our longstanding partnership with 
Emirates Foundation dates back to its establishment in 
2005, with Oxy being one of the organization’s top 
contributors—having donated $10 million over 12 years. 
Oxy’s involvement focuses on student volunteerism and 
support for STEM learning to encourage youth-driven 
innovation and entrepreneurism.  
Oxy is also an avid supporter of the American Community 
School of Abu Dhabi (ACS), which delivers advanced STEM 
programs to more than 1,200 students ages 4 to 18, 
representing more than 50 nationalities. The ACS, 
established in 1972, is a nonprofit co-educational school 
affiliated with the Office of Overseas Schools and the U.S. 
Department of State. Recently, Oxy funded the elementary 
school’s Innovation Lab.  
SOCIAL SERVICES  
There is no one-size-fits-all answer to helping those around 
us. At Oxy, we study our host communities and work with 
their leaders to find the best ways to strengthen the 
community. These include focused charitable giving, social 
investment, and volunteerism efforts that address issues 
ranging from hunger and food insecurity to affordable 
housing. With a vision of an America without hunger, 
Feeding America® is a nationwide organization with the 
mission to provide access to nutritious food in partnership 
with food banks, policymakers, and communities. Oxy 
works with Feeding America to support more than a 
half-dozen food banks in four states, playing an active role 
in serving this worthwhile mission.   
 » Houston Food Bank (TX)  
 » Montgomery County Food Bank (TX)  
 » West Texas Food Bank (TX)  
 » Target Hunger (TX)  
 » South Plains Food Bank (TX)  
 » Roadrunner Food Bank (NM)  
 » Weld Food Bank (CO)  
 » Food Bank of the Rockies (WY)  
Since 2018, Oxy has donated over $2 million to domestic 
feeding programs, providing hundreds of thousands of 
meals for children, seniors, and families in need.   
Oxy actively promotes social welfare in Oman. Examples 
include our contribution to educational and employment 
opportunities for Omani women from local communities to 
become medical orderlies through a contract at the Peace 
Land Clinic, as well as funding the purchase of medical and 
rehabilitation equipment for the Ehsaan Yanqul Disability 
Center which assists people in need across Al Dhahirah 
Governorate.    
Water is also a precious resource. Oxy supports 
communities in our concession areas in Oman by delivering 
supplies of fresh water. In Oman, our Corporate Social 
Responsibility initiative provides drinking water to over 
27,000 people living in remote villages and settlements 
across our operating areas. Through 32 water haulage 
contracts maintained by local residents and supervised by 
the local government, tankers deliver water to individual 
homes and izbas for household use and livestock watering. 
This initiative helps cover water shortages in concession 
areas to improve the standard of living in these villages—as 
well as raise economic standards for the residents living in 
and around these areas. 
This project began in 2008 and has expanded over the 
years, delivering 7.3 million gallons of drinking water from 
groundwater and desalinated sources annually to users at 
distances up to 200 kilometers. In Oman, our commitment 
to this project demonstrates our efforts to improve the 
lives of local communities near our operations.  
 
In addition, OxyChem’s work with Water Mission has helped 
more than one million people in vulnerable communities in 
18 countries gain access to safe drinking water. Made 
possible by OxyChem’s ACL® product, this initiative 
received the prestigious Sustainability Leadership Award 
from the ACC in 2020.
Oxy is also a member company of the Permian Strategic 
Partnership (PSP), whose mission is to enable fulfillment of 
the Permian Basin’s economic potential and improve the 
well-being of its residents. Oxy and the PSP, along with the 
thousands of member company employees who live and 
work in the Permian Basin, are committed to safe and 
environmentally responsible operations and participate in 
the discussions and decisions that will improve the quality 
of life in the Permian. The PSP has invested in educational 
 67
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

capacity and training resources, expanded healthcare 
access, improved transportation safety and infrastructure, 
made progress in affordable housing, and expanded 
broadband access across the region.  
MILITARY AND VETERANS   
Oxy is proud to assist America’s troops and veterans 
through numerous initiatives and partnerships around the 
country. Prosperity takes peace, and these men and 
women are the ones who make it happen. For example, as 
our troops become veterans and enter a new phase of life, 
Oxy stands with them through American Corporate 
Partners (ACP). 
ACP is a national non-profit organization focused on 
helping veterans find their next career through active and 
engaging mentoring, networking, and online career 
development. Through the Veteran Mentor Program, Oxy 
employees serve as mentors to veterans transitioning into 
the civilian workforce. Since our partnership began, over 
300 Oxy employees have mentored 650+ post-9/11 military 
veterans transitioning into the civilian workforce. 
ENVIRONMENT 
As a committed leader in helping build a net-zero economy, 
Oxy not only delivers industry-changing innovations but also 
world-changing potential in environmental stewardship. We 
invest and participate in numerous programs and 
partnerships ranging from initiatives promoting waste 
reduction and recycling to supporting innovations on the 
leading edge of energy efficiency, applied biotech, water 
recycling, and climate science. See our 2023 Climate Report 
for the latest ways Oxy is helping zero in on a lower-carbon 
future.  
ARTS AND CULTURE 
For communities to remain vibrant, residents need rich 
cultural experiences, opportunities for social interaction, and 
a sense of unity and belonging. Oxy’s sponsorships of arts, 
cultural, and civic organizations support those objectives 
and encourage positive engagement with the arts across our 
host communities. Art enables a community to preserve its 
culture and history as well as progress towards its future 
through free expression, communication, exploration, and 
social commentary. That’s why communities value Oxy’s 
sponsorship of arts, cultural, and civic organizations—
including museums, educational resources, scholarships, 
and social programs for youth.  
 
When the people can’t make it to the art gallery, Oxy takes 
the art gallery to the people. In partnership with the Ellen 
Noël Art Museum, we bring the Art 2 Go mobile creative arts 
and visual literacy program to over 5,000 students in the 
Permian Basin. It is a powerful program for those who may 
not otherwise have access to art in their school or commu-
nity.  
Sports are also a big part of culture around the world. Since 
2013, Oxy has partnered with the Astros Foundation’s 
Community Leaders Program to serve at-risk children and 
teens through youth baseball and softball programs. Our 
ongoing support to this program has facilitated the 
renovation and maintenance of the Denver Harbor baseball 
fields, reduced registration fees for youth leagues, and 
provided uniforms, equipment, and Astros tickets for young 
baseball and softball players from low-income families.   
Oxy’s support of the Community Leaders Program has also 
helped it continue offering exciting sporting opportunities 
for participants, including annual coaching clinics led by the 
Positive Coaching Alliance and player clinics led by Astros 
Youth Academy instructors. In addition, the program 
provides access to the popular Astros Foundation Literacy 
Bus—a mobile interactive unit that encourages family 
reading in Houston-area communities.   
In Oman, we exclusively sponsor the Oxy Sports Day 
program that encourages students to participate in sports 
activities and adopt a healthy and active lifestyle, and 
supports Oman's youth sports culture. The company has 
also sponsored camel races, a historic and cultural element 
in Oman’s local communities, since 2014. Camel racing 
events that we support positively impact about 3,000 people 
per year. There are around 24,000 racing camels in Oman, 
with 5,363 owners and 917 trainers. UNESCO inscribed 
camel racing on the Representative List of the Intangible 
Cultural Heritage of Humanity in 2020.   
 68
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy has been recognized in Oman for supporting sports 
initiatives over the years, including Oxy Sports Days, Camel 
Racing, the Oxy Ultramarathon Race, and building Sports 
Courts in Haima schools.  
 
Oman’s Ministry of Culture, Sports and Youth hosted a 
ceremony to honor pioneers in the field of youth action within 
the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) states during the 26th 
meeting of the Committee of GCC Ministers of Sports and 
Youth, held in Oman in May 2023. Oxy Oman was one of two 
companies recognized as part of the event for companies 
operating in Oman and was presented with a medal of 
excellence of the first degree by the Secretariat General of the 
GCC for its support in youth action initiatives.    
COMMUNITY ENGAGEMENT 
The work we do helps make a positive contribution to not just 
our world and future, but also our local communities. We live 
and work in the areas in which we operate. Therefore, we play 
an active role in engaging with local residents, government, 
regulators, conservation groups and other community 
stakeholders. Oxy’s Rockies operation is a great example of 
how we actively engage to help improve quality of life in a 
region while educating and informing those near our wells and 
facilities.  
The local workforce is the foundation of regional community 
engagement. By investing in workforce development 
programs, job training initiatives and educational 
opportunities for community members, we are not just 
building a stronger business; we are working to foster a better 
life for those living in that operating area. In the Rockies, local 
training goes well beyond job duties to include the keys to 
operational excellence, the company’s Operating Management 
System, the role of industry in the economy, HSE best 
practices and regulatory essentials. From this strong base in 
the community, the role we play in economic, personal and 
community growth can be shared.  
It is important to us that neighbors, community leaders and 
local governmental organizations are informed and have the 
opportunity to provide input regarding our operations and 
development plans. Before, during and after a project, we 
work hard to provide transparency and open lines of 
communication. That means engaging with others on their 
terms, not ours—translating information into several 
languages as applicable, providing multiple contact methods, 
being responsive to outreach, and extending our working 
hours so members of the community can participate in 
community events without sacrificing the demands of their 
everyday lives.  
Developed in 2014, the Stakeholder Relations team is a 
dedicated resource for those who live near our 
operations. We meet regularly with community members 
and post frequent updates on our website to proactively 
provide information about our operations. We are 
committed to transparency and regularly sharing HSE 
data with community members and regulators, including 
air quality monitoring summaries and operational 
notices. By prioritizing community engagement, we are 
not only able to disseminate information—we listen. 
Whether hearing from individuals through our Response 
Lines, in community meetings, or through community-
specific engagement tools, we collaborate with diverse 
community stakeholders to tailor operations to specific 
situations. We consider this information in our siting and 
mitigation plans, providing balanced and responsible 
uses of land. 
Since these engagement efforts are something many of 
us enjoy doing, we are often part of community outreach 
on the home front. As a Partner of Choice® in our 
communities, we keep employees informed about local 
public policy issues as well as legislative and regulatory 
proposals so that they may voluntarily express their 
personal expertise and opinions in public hearings, 
written comments or community meetings.  
For those wanting to take outreach to the next level in 
their community, Oxy offers an Advocate and 
Ambassador training program to our employees that 
prepares them to engage and speak with public 
constituents about Oxy and the industry in general at 
community events and public forums. A lack of 
information often fuels misunderstanding or concern 
about energy production. This program helps our 
workforce share Oxy’s values, Operating Management 
System and standards, community contributions, and 
their own personal experiences working in the industry.  
 69
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

INDUSTRY ENGAGEMENT  
AND LEADERSHIP
Oxy’s experience in managing natural resources and CO2, coupled with our sustainability strategy, has enabled us to create 
partnerships with a diverse set of key stakeholders that work toward improved business and sustainability-related goals. In 
addition to organizations described in earlier sections of the report, Oxy is an active participant in the following leading 
sustainability organizations. 
PROSPERITY
Oxy is an active member of the Carbon Capture Coalition, 
comprising over 100 stakeholder members from diverse 
industries, unions and NGOs working to support federal 
legislation, regulations and policies to incentivize CCUS.  
GETTING TO ZERO COALITION
Oxy is a member of the Getting to Zero Coalition, a 
partnership between the Global Maritime Forum, the 
Friends of Ocean Action and the World Economic Forum. 
This coalition brings together global decision-makers from 
across the maritime shipping value chain with key 
stakeholders from the energy sector and from 
governments with a goal to reduce shipping-related 
emissions by at least 50% by 2050. 
Oxy is also a member of the Marine Preservation 
Association (MPA), the leading organization supporting the 
development and maintenance of a broadly funded, 
effective spill response capability in the United States. 
Through the MPA, Oxy helps set the highest standards for 
prevention of oil spills in the marine environment. 
 
OxyChem received the Green Circle certification and the 
Vantage Vinyl Sustainability award in 2022 and 2021 for 
leadership in sustainability by surpassing the Vinyl 
Institute’s stringent standards. 
ACC's Responsible Care® Awards Program recognizes 
chemical industry leaders that have made an exceptional 
commitment to HSE performance, sustainability and sound 
chemicals management.  For 2022 performance ACC 
awarded OxyChem with 37 Responsible Care® awards in 
safety, waste minimization and energy efficiency 
categories. The Texas Chemical Council awarded OxyChem 
with 19 awards for safety and environmental performance. 
OxyChem also received awards for safety and 
environmental performance from the Vinyl Institute (8) and 
the Chlorine Institute (9). In addition, two OxyChem 
facilities, in Pedricktown, NJ and New Johnsonville, TN, 
received environmental performance awards from the New 
Jersey and Tennessee Governors.   
 
As part of the DOE’s Better Plants® Program, OxyChem 
partnered with the IAC to perform energy audits at our 
facilities to help us find opportunities to reduce energy 
consumption. Additionally, the DOE supported the 
community energy assessment program through the IACs, 
led by OxyChem, to help local schools lower their energy 
costs.  
 70
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OxyChem is a member of the Vinyl Institute and serves on 
its VSC, supporting strong policies focused on product 
innovation and stewardship and water infrastructure. The 
VSC serves as the subject matter leader on sustainability 
issues and related technical, communications and 
advocacy activities pertaining to the vinyl industry in North 
America. The VSC champions science-based improvement 
practices to meet the needs of current and future 
generations as well as its members’ sustainability efforts 
through educational programs and company- or product-
specific sustainability assessments, reporting and goals 
development. 
OxyChem was awarded the Vantage Vinyl Gold rating in 
2023 for sustainability performance. 
OxyChem received the industry’s highest Sustainability 
Leadership Award from the ACC in 2020 for its partnership 
with Water Mission, which facilitates access to clean 
drinking water for refugees and disaster areas around the 
world.  
 
OxyChem's knowledge and expertise in water disinfection has 
made OxyChem a key partner in the Global Water Center®. 
OxyChem has donated over 160,000 pounds of our ACL® 
product for use in water disinfection and $250,000 to support 
the materials and exhibits focusing on water education. 
OxyChem earned a Gold rating from EcoVadis, the world’s 
largest provider of sustainability ratings, for supply chain 
sustainability leadership. This achievement places OxyChem 
among the top 4% of global chemical companies.
 71
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

LOCAL SUPPLY  
CHAIN MANAGEMENT
Supply chain partners are a mission-critical part of Oxy’s 
team. Helping them succeed and do business the right way 
can provide not only more prosperity, but also a strategic 
advantage that generates value for stakeholders. That’s 
why Oxy consistently performs next-generation supply 
chain management that optimizes for partner 
transparency, accountability, sustainability and 
opportunity.  
Sustainability is an area in which Oxy’s strategic supply 
chain management efforts make an especially strong 
impact. By selecting and supporting suppliers with a 
PROSPERITY
shared vision for a net-zero future, we can put goals, 
systems and protocols in place that help track and reduce 
emissions. As innovative net-zero efforts are core to our 
mission, we are currently assessing a number of programs 
enabling stronger carbon-related data analytics, tracking 
and verification of vendor GHG emissions, as well as Scope 
3 emissions estimates generally.
Of course, strong partners help everyone win. That is why it 
is also important that we implement purchasing programs 
that make improving the competitiveness of potential 
contractors and suppliers in our operating areas a priority. 
 72
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

That means helping them reach peak performance through 
stringent quality, HSE and sustainability guidelines as well 
as investing in training programs that help them add more 
value to the industry and community.  
This commitment to local suppliers applies everywhere. In 
the Sultanate of Oman, for example, the company has a 
35-year legacy of supporting our regional supply chain 
partners. We’ve helped a number of Omani small- and 
medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) share the prosperity 
through strong relationships, workforce skills development 
and close collaboration. As a part of our In-Country Value 
(ICV) Strategy, we deliver powerful vendor development 
initiatives, significant investment in local businesses, and a 
number of major manufacturing opportunities. And for the 
next generation of Omani partners, our youth-focused 
training, entrepreneurship programs and scholarships are 
working to make a big difference to the future of the 
Sultanate.  
To further demonstrate ICV, we focus our spending where 
feasible on local goods, services and labor with our Omani 
contractors. We also monitor our spending on Omani SMEs. 
As of year-end 2022, our Oman ICV was at 36% of total 
supply chain spend and we spent approximately 21% on 
Omani SMEs. As a result of these efforts, Oxy’s operations 
in Oman provide more than 20,000 jobs locally, through 
contractors and subcontractors, in addition to our more 
than 3,300 employees. We also have a specialized program 
in support of SMEs called Tasharuk. 
HIGHLIGHT
TASHARUK PROGRAM: THE SOLAR HYBRID POWER SYSTEM 
 
The Tasharuk initiative is being executed in phases. The objective of Phase 5 was to use off-the-grid solar energy for 
Electric Submersible Pump (ESP) production wells, which are powered by diesel generators. Oxy's Oman operations are 
conducted in the desert area with some production wells being remote from the power distribution grid. Oxy’s solar 
hybrid power system was the first of its kind in Oman to introduce a hybrid solution for oil and gas fields where the ESP 
production wells are powered by solar energy during the day and by diesel generators when the solar photovoltaic cells 
cannot produce enough energy.  
The solar hybrid power system is designed to be off-the-grid, working in parallel with the existing diesel generator sets. 
The solar hybrid system runs for at least six hours per day, generating 60KW power output at each well. The average 
electrical load for each well is around 100KW.  
During the day, 40% of the ESP load is obtained from the diesel generators and the remaining 60% of power is 
provided by the solar energy. During the night, the load is fully obtained from the diesel generators. This 
implementation is a major milestone in regional production sustainability. 
Notably, this hybrid power system was implemented by three local Omani-owned small and medium enterprises.  
Implementation of the solar hybrid system not only sustained Oman’s remote operations but also reduced emissions and 
increased participation of local businesses in Oxy’s operations, supporting their economic well-being and potential growth. 
 73
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Oxy 2019 - 2022 Annual ESG Data Summary  
Notes Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 
and GHG Emissions Estimates  
Independent Assurance Statements Regarding 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions  
2022 EEO-1 Report on U.S. Employees  
Glossary of Terms 
APPENDICES
 74ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OXY 2019 - 2022 ANNUAL 
ESG DATA SUMMARY
PLANET
METRIC 2022 2021 2020 2019 IPIECA-
API-IOGP SASB GRI Universal 
Standard 
GRI Oil & 
Gas Sector 
Standard
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions (million metric tons CO2  equivalent) — Total Oxy (Oil & Gas, OxyChem, and Other Operations) [1] [2]
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis  
*Item verified by ERM CVS 17.60 * 18.50 * 19.02 21.62 CCE-4: C1
EM-EP-110a.1  
EM-MD-110a.1 
RT-CH-110a.1
GRI 305-1 Not Applicable
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated basis  
*Item verified by ERM CVS 4.90 * 4.84 * 4.81 5.91 CCE-4: C2 Not Applicable GRI 305-2 Not Applicable
Total GHGs (Scope 1 and 2) operated basis 
*Items verified by ERM CVS 22.50 * 23.34 * 23.83 * 27.53 * CCE-4: C1, C2 Not Applicable GRI 305-1 
GRI 305-2 Not Applicable
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) equity basis  15.28  14.54  14.85  15.96 CCE-4: C1
EM-EP-110a.1  
EM-MD-110a.1 
RT-CH-110a.1
GRI 305-1 Not Applicable
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) equity basis  3.65  3.87  3.86  4.74 CCE-4: C2 Not Applicable GRI 305-2 Not Applicable
Total GHGs (Scope 1 and 2) equity basis  18.93  18.41  18.71  20.70 CCE-4: C1, C2 Not Applicable GRI 305-1  
GRI 305-2 Not Applicable
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions (million metric tons CO2  equivalent) — Oil & Gas [1] [2]
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis  
*Item verified by ERM CVS 11.35 * 13.08 * 12.91 15.41 CCE-4: C3 EM-EP-110a.1 
EM-MD-110a.1 GRI 305-1 11.1.5
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated basis  
*Item verified by ERM CVS 3.20 * 3.17 * 3.16 4.01 CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-2 11.1.6
Total GHGs (Scope 1 and 2) operated basis 
*Items verified by ERM CVS 14.55 * 16.25 * 16.07 * 19.42 *  CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-1  
GRI 305-2
11.1.5 
11.1.6
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) equity basis  9.03  9.13 8.75 9.75  CCE-4: C3 EM-EP-110a.1 
EM-MD-110a.1 GRI 305-1 11.1.5
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) equity basis  1.94  2.20 2.22 2.85  CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-2 11.1.6
Total GHGs (Scope 1 and 2) equity basis  10.97  11.33 10.97 12.60 CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-1  
GRI 305-2
11.1.5 
11.1.6
Scope 3 GHG Emissions (million metric tons CO2  equivalent) — Oil & Gas [1] [2] [3]
Scope 3 GHG emissions – operated basis, Transportation, 
Refining and Use of Sold Products  
*Item verified by ERM CVS[2]
217 * 212 * 226 259 CCE-4: A2, A7 Not Applicable GRI 305-3 11.1.7
Scope 3 GHG emissions – equity basis, Transportation, 
Refining and Use of Sold Products  
*Item verified by ERM CVS[2]
175 * 176 * 196 151 CCE-4: A2, A7 Not Applicable GRI 305-3 11.1.7
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions (million metric tons CO2  equivalent) — OxyChem
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis  
*Item verified by ERM CVS 6.25 * 5.41 * 6.10 6.21 CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-1 Not Applicable
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2) operated basis  
*Item verified by ERM CVS 1.70 * 1.67 * 1.64 1.89 CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-2 Not Applicable
Total GHGs (Scope 1 and 2) operated basis 
*Items verified by ERM CVS 7.95 * 7.08 * 7.74 * 8.10 * CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-1  
GRI 305-2 Not Applicable
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions (million metric tons CO2 equivalent) — Other Operations[4]
Direct GHGs (Scope 1) operated basis 0.003 0.003 0.004 0.007 CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-1 Not Applicable
Indirect GHGs (Scope 2), operated basis 0 0.007 0.007 0.006 CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-2 Not Applicable
Total GHGs (Scope 1 and 2), operated basis  
*Item verified by ERM CVS 0.003 * 0.010 * 0.011 0.013 CCE-4: C3 Not Applicable GRI 305-1  
GRI 305-2 Not Applicable
 Data as of 01/25/2024
 75
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OXY 2019 - 2022 ANNUAL 
ESG DATA SUMMARY
PLANET
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/BOE) — Oil & Gas [1] [2]
Direct GHG intensity (Scope 1) operated basis 0.023 0.028 0.025 0.027 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 11.1.8
Indirect GHG intensity (Scope 2) operated basis 0.007 0.007 0.006 0.007 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 11.1.8
Total GHG intensity (Scope 1 and 2) operated basis 0.030 0.034 0.032 0.034 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 11.1.8
Direct GHG intensity (Scope 1) equity basis 0.021 0.021 0.019 0.027 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 11.1.8
Indirect GHG intensity (Scope 2) equity basis 0.005 0.005 0.005 0.008 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 11.1.8
Total GHG intensity (Scope 1 and 2) equity basis 0.026 0.027 0.023 0.035 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 11.1.8
Scope 1 and 2 GHG Emissions Intensity (metric tons CO2e/MT Production) — OxyChem
Direct GHG intensity (Scope 1) 0.528 0.467 0.551 0.515 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 Not Applicable
Indirect GHG intensity (Scope 2) 0.144 0.144 0.148 0.157 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 Not Applicable
Total GHG intensity (Scope 1 and 2) 0.672 0.611 0.699 0.672 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 Not Applicable
Total GHG intensity (Scope 1 and 2) 
 excluding power sales to the grid 0.506 0.489 0.526 0.508 CCE-4: C4 Not Applicable GRI 305-4 Not Applicable
Methane Emissions (CH4) (thousand metric tons)
Methane Emissions (Scope 1 and 2)  –  Oil & Gas, operated 
basis *Item verified by ERM CVS 45.22 * 76.21 * 113.96 109.25 CCE-5: C1 EM-EP-110a.1 
EM-MD-110a.1 Not Applicable  11.1.5 
Methane Emissions (Scope 1 and 2)  –  OxyChem, operated 
basis *Item verified by ERM CVS 0.22 * 0.19 * 0.22 0.23 CCE-5: C1 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Methane Emissions (Scope 1 and 2) – Total Oxy, operated 
basis  *Item verified by ERM CVS 45.44 * 76.4  114.18  109.48 CCE-5: C1 EM-EP-110a.1 
EM-MD-110a.1 Not Applicable Not Applicable
Methane Emissions (CH4) Intensity
Methane Emissions Intensity from Operated Oil & Gas 
Production  
(% of operated wet gas production for market)
0.26 0.45 0.62 0.56 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Methane Emissions Intensity from Operated Gas  
Production  
(% of operated wet gas production for market) [5]
0.13 0.21 0.26 0.23 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Methane Emissions Intensity from Operated Oil & Gas 
Production  
(metric ton CH4/BOE)
 0.00009  0.00016 0.00022 0.00019 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Methane Emissions Intensity  –  OxyChem  
(metric ton CH4/Thousand metric tons of Production) 0.01820 0.01630 0.01960 0.01950 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
METRIC 2022 2021 2020 2019 IPIECA-
API-IOGP SASB GRI Universal 
Standard 
GRI Oil & 
Gas Sector 
Standard
 Data as of 01/25/2024
 76
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OXY 2019 - 2022 ANNUAL 
ESG DATA SUMMARY
PLANET
Gas Flaring — Oil & Gas [6]
Emissions from flaring (million metric tons CO2e)  1.08  1.81 1.94 2.32 CCE-7: C4 EM-EP-110a.2 Not Applicable  11.1.5
Flaring emissions intensity 
(metric tons CO2e/BOE)  0.00222  0.00381 0.00382 0.00401 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Volume of routine gas flared (MMscf)  6,527  13,670 11,630 11,586 CCE-7: A2 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Volume of non-routine gas flared (MMscf)  7,897  13,964 11,079
22,064 [7]
CCE-7: A2 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Volume of safety gas flared (MMscf)  3,988  4,837 5,830 CCE-7: A2 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Volume of total gas flared (MMscf)  18,412  32,472 28,539 33,649 CCE-7: C1 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Other Air Emissions  — Oil & Gas [8]
Nitrogen oxides (NOX) (thousand metric tons) 32.87 26.42 45.24 47.25 ENV-5: C1
EM-EP-120a.1 
EM-MD-120a.1              
RT-CH-120a.1
GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Sulfur oxides (SOX) (thousand metric tons) 1.92 3.88 4.12 3.78 ENV-5: C1
EM-EP-120.a1 
EM-MD-120a.1              
RT-CH-120.a1
GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Carbon monoxide (CO) (thousand metric tons) 36.69 31.00 39.99 40.42 ENV-5: A1 Not Applicable GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) (thousand metric 
tons) 67.46 72.65 141.32 150.15 ENV-5: C1
EM-EP-120a.1 
EM-MD-120a.1              
RT-CH-120a.1
GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Particulate Matter (PM) (thousand metric tons) 3.73 2.94 1.77 1.97 ENV-5: A1 EM-EP-120a.1              
EM-MD-120a.1 GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) (thousand metric tons) 1.47  1.88 NA NA ENV-5: A1 RT-CH-120a.1 GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Other Air Emissions — OxyChem
Nitrogen oxides (NOx) (thousand metric tons) 2.75 2.27 2.25 2.28 ENV-5: C1
EM-EP-120a.1 
EM-MD-120a.1              
RT-CH-120a.1
GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Sulfur oxides (SOx) (thousand metric tons) 0.03 0.02 0.02 0.02 ENV-5: C1
EM-EP-120a.1 
EM-MD-120a.1              
RT-CH-120a.1
GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Carbon monoxide (CO) (thousand metric tons) 0.85 0.65 0.65 0.68 ENV-5: A1 Not Applicable GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) (thousand metric 
tons) 0.38 0.33 0.34 0.36 ENV-5: C1
EM-EP-120a.1 
EM-MD-120a.1              
RT-CH-120a.1
GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Particulate Matter (PM) (thousand metric tons) 0.88 0.75 0.73 0.76 ENV-5: A1 EM-EP-120a.1              
EM-MD-120a.1 GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Hazardous Air Pollutants (HAPs) (thousand metric tons) 0.24 0.20 0.18 0.19 ENV-5: A1 RT-CH-120a.1 GRI 305-7  11.3.2
Ozone Depleting Substances (ODS) (thousand pounds) 16.79 17.95 26.04 11.31 ENV-5: A1 Not Applicable GRI 305-6  11.3.2
METRIC 2022 2021 2020 2019 IPIECA-
API-IOGP SASB GRI Universal 
Standard 
GRI Oil & 
Gas Sector 
Standard
 Data as of 01/25/2024
 77
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OXY 2019 - 2022 ANNUAL 
ESG DATA SUMMARY
PLANET
Energy, Electricity and Hydrogen Utilization
Energy consumption (GJ) – Total Oxy [9] 259,043,800  250,157,753 151,444,601 274,902,302 CCE-6: C1 RT-CH-130a.1 GRI 302-1 
GRI 302-2 Not Applicable
Total energy intensity, MMBtu/metric ton – OxyChem 10.05 9.49 10.43 9.85 CCE-6: A2 Not Applicable GRI 302-3 Not Applicable
Total electricity consumption (MWh) – Total Oxy 18,394,149  13,162,023 17,409,724 14,333,909 Not Applicable RT-CH-130a.1 GRI 302-1 Not Applicable
Total renewable electricity on-site generation and con-
sumption (MWh) – Total Oxy [10] 33,855  33,050 34,134 14,730 CCE-3: A7 RT-CH-130a.1 GRI 302-1 Not Applicable
Total hydrogen combusted as non-carbon fuel (MMBtu) – 
OxyChem [11] 10,740,919  10,537,151 10,391,539 9,308,493 CCE-3: A4 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Spills to Land or Surface Water and HSE Fines
Reportable spills, crude  –  volume (bbl)  16,055  7,856 7,842 6,376 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2 
EM-MD-160a.4 GRI 306-3 11.8.2
Reportable spills, crude  –  normalized volume (bbl/
MMBOE)  33  17 15 11 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2 
EM-MD-160a.4 GRI 306-3 11.8.2
Reportable spills, crude  –  number 180 178 217 199 ENV-6: C2 EM-EP-160a.2 
EM-MD-160a.4 GRI 306-3 11.8.2
Spilled hydrocarbons recovered  –  volume (bbl) 12,627 6,586 5,777 4,357 ENV-6: A1 EM-EP-160a.2 
EM-MD-160a.4 Not Applicable 11.8.2
Reportable spills, produced water  –  volume (bbl) 96,385 36,181 59,534 34,691 ENV-6: A5 Not Applicable GRI 306-3 Not Applicable
Reportable spills, produced water  –  number 210 156 142 255 ENV-6: A5 Not Applicable GRI 306-3 Not Applicable
Reportable spills, chemicals – mass (lbs) [12] 71,623 57,425 4,440 53,234 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 306-3 Not Applicable
Reportable spills, chemicals – number [12] 10 8 3 5 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 306-3 Not Applicable
Spills, vinyl resin  –  mass (lbs) [13] 0 0 0 N/A ENV-6: A5 Not Applicable GRI 306-3 Not Applicable
Spills, vinyl resin  –  number [13] 0 0 0 N/A ENV-6: A5 Not Applicable GRI 306-3 Not Applicable
HSE fines (US$) 561,862 237,765 186,855 186,446 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 2-27 Not Applicable
Hydraulic Fracturing  [14]
Percent of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is 
public disclosure of frac-fluid chemicals used (%) 100 100 100 100 Not Applicable EM-EP-140a.3 Not Applicable Not Applicable
Percent of hydraulically fractured sites where ground or 
surface water quality deteriorated compared to baseline 
(%)
0 0 0 0 Not Applicable EM-EP-140a.4 Not Applicable Not Applicable
METRIC 2022 2021 2020 2019 IPIECA-
API-IOGP SASB GRI Universal 
Standard 
GRI Oil & 
Gas Sector 
Standard
 Data as of 01/25/2024
 78
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OXY 2019 - 2022 ANNUAL 
ESG DATA SUMMARY
PLANET
Water 
Total water withdrawn (megaliters) [15] 451,193 480,579 419,680 610,579 ENV-1: A4, A7 RT-CH-140a.1 GRI 303-3  11.6.4
Total fresh water withdrawn (megaliters) 118,536 140,585 145,853 257,770 ENV-1: C1 EM-EP-140a.1 GRI 303-3  11.6.4
Total non-fresh water withdrawn (megaliters) 332,657 339,994 273,827 352,809 ENV-1: A4 Not Applicable GRI 303-3  11.6.4
Total fresh water consumption (megaliters) 37,213 55,997 41,480 47,448 ENV-1: C2 EM-EP-140a.1 GRI 303-5  11.6.6
Total wastewater discharged (megaliters) 164,965 188,471 196,596 295,536 ENV-2: A5 Not Applicable GRI 303-4 11.6.5
Total produced/flowback water recycled/reused  
(megaliters) [16] 219,798 226,134 234,959 247,837 ENV-1: A10 EM-EP-140a.2 Not Applicable Not Applicable
Percent produced/flowback water recycled/reused (%) [16] 49 47 60 41 ENV-1: A10 EM-EP-140a.2 Not Applicable Not Applicable
Waste [17]
Hazardous waste (thousand tons) — Oil & Gas 253 105 N/A N/A ENV-7: C3 RT-CH-150a.1 GRI 306-3 11.5.4
Hazardous waste (thousand tons) — OxyChem 58 62 48 50 ENV-7: C3 Not Applicable GRI 306-3 11.5.4
Non-hazardous waste (thousand tons) 105 103 80 58 ENV-7: C3 Not Applicable GRI 306-3 11.5.4
Total waste recycled (thousand tons) 90 92 85 120 ENV-7: C3 RT-CH-150a.1 GRI 306-4 11.5.5
Total waste to landfill (thousand tons) 76 73 61 46 ENV-7: C3 Not Applicable GRI 306-5 11.5.6
Biodiversity and Habitat Conservation 
Acres of land under management, including Candidate 
Conservation Agreements or Candidate Conservation 
Agreements with Assurances [18]
861,913 805,766 811,820 812,187 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 304-3 11.4.4
Number of designated habitats protected or restored [19] 13 12 14 12 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 304-3 11.4.4
METRIC 2022 2021 2020 2019 IPIECA-
API-IOGP SASB GRI Universal 
Standard 
GRI Oil & 
Gas Sector 
Standard
 Data as of 01/25/2024
 79
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OXY 2019 - 2022 ANNUAL 
ESG DATA SUMMARY
PEOPLE AND DIVERSITY
METRIC 2022 2021 2020 2019 IPIECA-
API-IOGP SASB GRI Universal 
Standard
GRI Oil & 
Gas Sector 
Standard
Fatalities 
Employees 0 0 0 0 SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1  
RT-CH-320a.1 GRI 403-9 11.9.10
Contractors 5 1 0 0 SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1  
RT-CH-320a.1 GRI 403-9 11.9.10
Total Fatalities 5 1 0 0 SHS-3: C1 EM-EP-320a.1  
RT-CH-320a.1 GRI 403-9 11.9.10
Injuries and Safety Incidents
Total Injury and Illness Incidence Rate (IIR), employees 
only, excluding Covid cases[20] 0.26 0.24 0.16 0.36 SHS-3: C1, A1 EM-EP-320a.1  
RT-CH-320a.1
GRI 403-9,  
GRI403-10
11.9.10 
 11.9.11
Total Injury and Illness Incidence Rate (IIR), employees and 
contractors, excluding Covid cases[20] 0.33 0.25 0.17 0.29 SHS-3: C1, A1 EM-EP-320a.1  
RT-CH-320a.1
GRI 403-9,  
GRI403-10
11.9.10 
11.9.11
Days Away Restricted and Transfer (DART) Rate,  
employees only, excluding Covid cases [20] 0.16 0.15 0.09 0.17 SHS-3: C1, A1 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Process Safety Incidents
Tier 1 process safety events [21] 137 128 148 182 SHS-6: C1 EM-EP-540a. RT-
CH-540a.1 Not Applicable  11.8.3
Number of reportable incidents on operated DOT-regulated 
pipelines 0 0 0 0 Not Applicable EM-MD-540a.1 Not Applicable Not Applicable
Employee Diversity
Number of Total Employees [22] 11,973 11,678 11,764 14,350 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 2-7 Not Applicable
Number of U.S. Employees 8,167 7,944 8,108 10,290 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 2-7 Not Applicable
Female Employees, U.S. Total  (%) 22 22 22 22 SOC-5: C2 Not Applicable GRI 2-7 
GRI 405-1 11.11.5
Minority Employees, U.S. Total (%) 34 34 33 30 SOC-5: C2 Not Applicable GRI 405-1 11.11.5
Number of Contractors 24,942 23,563 21,179 40,158 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 2-8 Not Applicable
Women in Professional Positions, U.S. Total (%) 30 30 31 31 SOC-5: C2 Not Applicable GRI 405-1 11.11.5
Women in Management Positions, U.S. Total (%) 22 21 22 21 SOC-5: C3 Not Applicable GRI 405-1 11.11.5
Minorities in Professional Positions, U.S. Total (%) 36 36 35 29 SOC-5: C2 Not Applicable GRI 405-1 11.11.5
Minorities in Management Positions, U.S. Total (%) 25 24 23 24 SOC-5: C3 Not Applicable GRI 405-1 11.11.5
Local/National Employees Compared to Expatriate  
Employees in Management Positions (%) 95 95 99 99 SOC-5: C3 
SOC-15: C1 Not Applicable GRI 202-2 11.11.2
Board Director Diversity [23]
Independent Directors (%) 90 91 91 89 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 2-9 Not Applicable
Women on Board (%) 30 18 18 33 GOV-1: A1 Not Applicable GRI 2-9 
GRI 405-1 11.11.5
Minorities on Board (%) 30 27 18 11 GOV-1: A1 Not Applicable GRI 2-9 
GRI 405-1 11.11.5
 Data as of 01/25/2024
 80
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

OXY 2019 - 2022 ANNUAL 
ESG DATA SUMMARY
PEOPLE AND DIVERSITY
Employee Turnover
Voluntary Employee Turnover (%) 5.1 3.6 7.8 15.8 SOC-6: A1 Not Applicable GRI 401-1 11.10.2
Non-voluntary Employee Turnover (%) 2.1 2.4 5.5 5.6 SOC-6: A1 Not Applicable GRI 401-1 11.10.2
Workforce Training 
Workforce Training, total avg hrs./year, per U.S. Total  
Employees 21.9 22.2 25.3 30.3 SOC-7: C2 Not Applicable GRI 404-1 11.10.6
Workforce HSE Training 
Workforce HSE Training, total avg hrs./year, per global 
Total Employees 36.3 15.4 35.7 N/A SOC-7: C2 EM-EP-320a.1 GRI 404-1 11.10.6
Percent of Employees Unionized
Percent of Employees Unionized, U.S. Total (%) 5.1 6.1 6.6 5.3 Not Applicable Not Applicable GRI 2-30 Not Applicable
Total Taxes and Royalties Paid
Total Taxes Paid (US$, millions) 4,330 2,280 2,170 3,847 GOV-4: C4 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
U.S. 3,255 1,569 1,654 2,169 GOV-4: C4 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Non-U.S. 1,074 712 516 1,678 GOV-4: C4 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Social Investments and Charitable Giving[24]
Social Investments, global (US$, millions) 22.7 19.6 [25] 21.1 35.2 SOC-13: C2 Not Applicable GRI 201-1 11.21.1
Charitable Giving, (US$, millions) [26] 1.5 2.9 6.1 3.6 SOC-13: A2 Not Applicable GRI 201-1 11.21.1
Total Annual Capital Expenditures
Total Annual Capital Expenditures (US$, millions) 4,497 2,870 2,535 6,367 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
Total Production
Production of Crude (Mbbl) operated - Gross  338,238  329,049 348,127 410,057 Not Applicable EM-EP-000.A Not Applicable Not Applicable
Production of Natural Gas (MMcf) operated - Gross  889,453  876,996 957,282 1,014,439 Not Applicable EM-EP-000.A Not Applicable Not Applicable
Total Production of Oil & Natural Gas operated - Gross 
(MBOE)  486,480  475,215 507,674 579,130 Not Applicable EM-EP-000.A Not Applicable Not Applicable
Production of Chemicals (metric tons)  11,825,554  11,571,432 11,080,612 12,062,219 Not Applicable RT-CH-000.A Not Applicable Not Applicable
Total Production Sites [27]
Onshore operated oil and gas basins or regions 5 5 5 7 Not Applicable EM-EP-000.C Not Applicable Not Applicable
Offshore operated oil and gas platforms 10 10 10 10 Not Applicable EM-EP-000.B Not Applicable Not Applicable
Chemical manufacturing plants 23 23 24 24 Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable
METRIC 2022 2021 2020 2019 IPIECA-
API-IOGP SASB GRI Universal 
Standard 
GRI Oil & 
Gas Sector 
Standard
 Data as of 01/25/2024
 81
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

N/A = Not Available 
* These estimates have been verified by ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. (ERM CVS) per the Independent Assurance Statements posted on Oxy.com/Sustainability.
[1] Oxy applies operational control as our organizational boundary and primary approach to reporting.  We include within this boundary Oxy’s operated oil and gas assets, the operated 
assets of Occidental Chemical Corporation (OxyChem), and certain assets not part of oil and gas or chemical operations such as company-operated aircraft; we exclude operated assets 
that are sold in a given year. Oxy continues to refine our processes and systems, including those with respect to equipment inventories and estimation or measurement of GHG emissions. 
Totals may not equal the sum of components due to independent rounding. We also provide certain production and emissions data on an equity basis, where data are available, excluding 
assets that are sold in a given year. Our equity emissions currently reflect our proportionate equity interest in our operated oil and gas and chemical assets and our third-party operated 
international joint ventures. They do not reflect our equity interests in third-party operations in the U.S., either onshore or offshore Gulf of Mexico, or passive equity investments, because 
we do not currently have consistent access to such data from those operators. We are evaluating processes to estimate GHG emissions from third-party U.S. operators and expect to be 
in a position to provide more information on those interests in the future. Equity-based production data reflect oil and gas production presented in our annual Form 10-K.   
[2] Oxy commissioned limited assurance verifications by ERM CVS this year for 2022 emissions and last year for 2019-2021 emissions. For 2019 and 2020, these included Total Scope 
1 and 2 GHG emissions from operated assets company-wide and by business segment. For 2021 and 2022, these included company-wide and business segment Scope 1, Scope 2, 
Total Scope 1 and 2, and methane emissions from operated assets, and Scope 3 GHG emissions for transportation, refining and use of oil and gas products (Category 9, 10, and 11, 
respectively), our most relevant categories, on an operated basis and equity basis. See Independent Assurance Statements posted on Oxy.com/Sustainability.
[3] Oxy’s Scope 3 estimates address the three most relevant categories in our downstream oil and gas value chain – the transportation, refining, and use of our sold oil and gas 
products (Category 9, 10, and 11, respectively), applying the 2009 and 2021 API Compendium and U.S.-based emission factors and the EPA/IPCC AR4 GWP to our production on an 
operated and equity basis. The estimates for transportation and refining reflect our production entirely as oil on a BOE basis with further transportation of the refined products, rather 
than reflecting transportation and processing of natural gas or natural gas liquids (NGLs) that would be expected to generate lower emissions. The estimates for use of our sold 
products assume 100% combustion of oil, NGLs, natural gas and downstream products and ignore non-emitting uses. Equity-based Scope 3 emissions estimates reflect oil and gas 
production presented in our annual Form 10-K. 
[4] Other Operations primarily include company-operated aviation.
[5] Oxy calculates methane emissions intensity in two ways, both presented as a percentage of our wet natural gas produced from our operated assets for market. Our primary 
method, which we are currently using to evaluate progress toward our methane intensity target, compares the total estimated volume of our methane emissions from our operated oil 
and gas assets (without distinguishing between methane emissions attributable to oil production vs. gas production) to the volume of our operated wet gas production. Oxy also 
assesses methane intensity using the Natural Gas Sustainability Initiative (NGSI) method, which was published in 2021 and divides estimated methane emissions attributed solely to 
gas production by our operated wet gas production. In the prior summary, we presented the NGSI method and used average gas compositions in our basins to calculate intensity. In 
this summary, we adopted the broader method, which reflects methane emissions from both oil and gas production and therefore yields higher intensities, as our primary method. 
Accordingly, in this report we updated the methane intensities for 2019 through 2021 to apply this method instead of the NGSI method.
[6] In 2020, Oxy endorsed the World Bank's Initiative for Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 and began applying the World Bank's classification of routine flaring to company-specific data. 
In 2019, the total flaring volume and combined non-routine and safety flaring volume were reported. 
[7] In 2019, the volumes of non-routine and safety flaring were estimated on a combined basis and not differentiated. 
[8] For 2021 onwards, NOx, SOx, CO, VOC, and PM estimates were based on standard emission factors and equipment inventories for Oil and Gas and OxyChem. For 2019 and 2020, 
OxyChem and international Oil and Gas estimates were calculated in the same manner, while U.S. Oil and Gas estimates were based on operated production and throughput volume 
and historical emission intensities of respective constituents. 2019 and 2020 estimates for HAP include OxyChem only. 2021 and 2022 estimates for HAP include both OxyChem and 
Oil and Gas. ODS data for all years shown are for OxyChem only. 
[9] Energy consumption (GJ)  –  Total Oxy represents estimates of energy consumed by OxyChem plus purchased electricity consumed by Oil and Gas. OxyChem’s total energy 
consumption includes purchased electricity, natural gas and hydrogen combusted as fuel to produce energy and purchased steam, less energy associated with power exported to the 
grid. Note that natural gas and hydrogen used as feedstocks for chemical manufacturing processes are excluded from this amount. Total energy consumption for Oil and Gas consists 
of purchased electricity and excludes gasoline, diesel, NGLs and natural gas fuel usage in operations. 
[10] In 2022 our Goldsmith Solar Plant generated 43,324 MWh of renewable electricity. 33,845 MWh were consumed on-site by the Goldsmith field. Surplus solar electricity of 9,479 
MWh was sent to the grid. Renewable electricity generated at Bolivia and Oman facilities was consumed on-site. 
[11] Hydrogen volumes combusted as non-carbon fuel within OxyChem operations only.
[12] Includes spills from OxyChem operations only to land or surface water above a regulatory reportable quantity threshold for a chemical listed under the Comprehensive 
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA). Reportable releases to air from OxyChem are included in the Other Air Emissions - OxyChem entries in this 
summary. To avoid double-counting, reportable releases to air have been removed from this entry for all years shown.
[13] Annualized release of plastic pellets, flakes, or granules from containment to land or surface water outside of OxyChem facilities and estimated to be greater than 0.5 liters or 0.5 
kilograms per incident, per the American Chemistry Council's Operation Clean Sweep® Blue Protocol.
[14] Per SASB EM-EP-140a.3 and EM-EP-140a.4 metrics.
[15] Total water withdrawn is defined as total fresh and non-fresh water withdrawal from surface, municipal, groundwater, produced water and third-party water sources. Fresh water 
defined as TDS <1,000 ppm. TDS = total dissolved solids
[16] Produced/flowback water recycled/reused is defined as treated and/or untreated produced water used for completions, re-injection for improved or enhanced oil recovery or for 
other beneficial reuse.
[17] 2022 and 2021 waste data, excluding wastewater, are from OxyChem and international oil and gas operations only. 2019 and 2020 estimates for waste are from OxyChem 
operations only.
[18] Candidate Conservation Agreements (CCA) and Candidate Conservation Agreements with Assurances (CCAA) for U.S. onshore Oil and Gas acreage. In addition, Oxy participates 
in conservation initiatives with the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation and other organizations on other public and private lands. CCA is a voluntary agreement on federal lands and 
CCAA is a voluntary agreement on non-federal lands to conserve candidate and other unlisted species likely to become candidates in the future.
[19] Designated protected areas are defined under USACE permit, Ipieca or IUCN. 
[20] Data for Total Injury, Illness Incidence Rate (IIR) and Days Away Restricted and Transfer (DART) Rate have been revised from the prior summary to exclude Covid cases to 
enhance comparability between years.
[21] Tier 1 Process Safety Events are defined by API 754 and per SASB EM-EP-540a.1 and RT-CH-540a.1 metrics.
[22] Per Oxy's Annual Reports on Form 10-K, including U.S. and international employees.  Employee diversity values approximate the self-reported gender and ethnicity, excluding 
non-specified ethnicities, of Oxy’s U.S. leadership and other U.S. employees as of December 31, 2022.
FOOTNOTES AND EXPLANATIONS TO ESG DATA SUMMARY
 82
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2020 EEO-1 REPORT 
ON U.S. EMPLOYEES
HISPANIC OR LATINO
JOB CATEGORIES MALE FEMALE
Executive/Sr Officials & MGRs 8 0
First/Mid Officials &MGRs 152 49
Professionals 272 129
Technicians 106 35
Sales Workers 1 0
Administrative Support 17 108
Craft Workers 119 3
Operatives 463 8
Laborers & Helpers 0 0
Service Workers 4 1
Total 1,142 333
Previous Report Total 1,382 403
NOT HISPANIC OR LATINO
JOB CATEGORIES WHITE
BLACK OR AFRICAN 
AMERICAN
NATIVE HAWAIIAN OR 
PACIFIC ISLANDER ASIAN
AMERICAN INDIAN OR 
ALASKAN NATIVE
TWO OR  
MORE RACES
Male
Executive/Sr Officials & MGRs 98 2 0 6 2 1
First/Mid Officials &MGRs 905 39 0 59 6 1
Professionals 1,262 95 2 210 10 13
Technicians 294 30 1 19 5 4
Sales Workers 20 2 0 0 0 0
Administrative Support 57 15 1 4 1 1
Craft Workers 419 19 0 0 6 1
Operatives 1,286 182 3 14 16 12
Laborers & Helpers 4 1 0 0 0 0
Service Workers 16 11 0 0 0 0
Total 4,361 396 7 312 46 33
Previous Report Total 5,474 451 11 351 60 24
Female
Executive/Sr Officials & MGRs 23 0 0 0 0 0
First/Mid Officials &MGRs 230 23 0 27 0 1
Professionals 494 65 1 122 7 9
Technicians 72 22 0 7 0 0
Sales Workers 5 0 0 0 0 0
Administrative Support 207 51 1 15 2 3
Craft Workers 4 0 0 0 0 0
Operatives 33 9 0 1 1 1
Laborers & Helpers 0 0 0 0 0 0
Service Workers 3 3 0 0 0 0
Total 1,071 173 2 172 10 14
Previous Report Total 1,464 189 2 214 16 11
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This report contains forward-looking statements based on management’s current expectations relating to Oxy’s operations, strategies, outlook and business prospects. Words, and 
variations of words, such as “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “may,” “might,” “likely,” “anticipate,” “advance,” “progress,” “commit,” “strategy,” “initiative,” 
“plan,” “seek,” “strive,” “intend,” “believe,” “expect,” “aim,” “ambition,” “goal,” “target,” “objective,” and similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes generally 
indicate forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. Actual outcomes or results 
may differ from anticipated results, sometimes materially, and reported results should not be considered an indication of future performance. In addition, historical, current and 
forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and 
assumptions that are subject to change in the future, including future rulemaking. Factors that could cause results to differ from those projected or assumed in any forward-looking 
statement include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions, including slowdowns and recessions, domestically or internationally; our indebtedness and other payment 
obligations, including the need to generate sufficient cash flows to fund operations and development initiatives; our ability to successfully monetize select assets and repay or refinance 
debt and the impact of changes in our credit ratings or future increases in interest rates; the scope and duration of global or regional health pandemics or epidemics, and actions taken by 
governmental authorities and other third parties in connection therewith; assumptions about energy markets; global and local commodity and commodity-futures pricing fluctuations and 
volatility; development, financing and deployment of technology necessary to execute our strategy; having sufficient land and appropriate joint venture partners to execute on our 
strategies; supply and demand considerations for, and the prices of, our products and services; actions by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and non-OPEC oil 
producing countries; results from operations and competitive conditions; future impairments of our proved and unproved oil and gas properties or equity investments, or write-downs of 
productive assets, causing charges to earnings; unexpected changes in costs; inflation, its impact on markets and economic activity and related monetary policy actions by governments 
in response to inflation; availability of capital resources, levels of capital expenditures and contractual obligations; the regulatory approval environment, including our ability to timely 
obtain or maintain permits or other governmental approvals, including those necessary for drilling and/or development projects; our ability to successfully complete, or any material delay 
of, field developments, expansion projects, capital expenditures, efficiency projects, acquisitions or dispositions; risks associated with acquisitions, mergers and joint ventures, such as 
difficulties integrating businesses, uncertainty associated with financial projections, projected synergies, restructuring, increased costs and adverse tax consequences; uncertainties and 
liabilities associated with acquired and divested properties and businesses; uncertainties about the estimated quantities of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids reserves; lower-than-
expected production from development projects or acquisitions; Oxy’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits from prior or future streamlining actions to reduce fixed costs, simplify or 
improve processes and improve Oxy’s competitiveness; exploration, drilling and other operational risks; disruptions to, capacity constraints in, or other limitations on the pipeline systems 
that deliver our oil and natural gas and other processing and transportation considerations; volatility in the securities, capital or credit markets, including capital market disruptions and 
instability of financial institutions; governmental actions, war (including the Russia-Ukraine war and the Israel-Hamas war) and political conditions and events; HSE risks, costs and liability 
under existing or future federal, regional, state, provincial, tribal, local and international HSE laws, regulations and litigation (including related to climate change or remedial actions or 
assessments); legislative or regulatory changes, including changes relating to hydraulic fracturing or other oil and natural gas operations, retroactive royalty or production tax regimes, 
and deep-water and onshore drilling and permitting regulations; our ability to recognize intended benefits from our business strategies and initiatives, such as our low carbon ventures 
businesses or announced GHG emissions reduction targets or net-zero goals; climate change and other macro events that cannot be predicted over the next 30 years; potential liability 
resulting from pending or future litigation, government investigations and other proceedings; disruption or interruption of production or manufacturing or facility damage due to accidents, 
chemical releases, labor unrest, weather, power outages, natural disasters, cyber-attacks, terrorist acts or insurgent activity; the creditworthiness and performance of Oxy's 
counterparties, including financial institutions, operating partners and other parties; failure of risk management; our ability to retain and hire key personnel; supply, transportation and 
labor constraints; reorganization or restructuring of our operations; changes in state, federal or international tax rates; actions by third parties that are beyond our control; and the factors 
set forth in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of Oxy’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and in Oxy’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC). Unless legally required, Oxy does not undertake any obligation to update, modify or withdraw any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future 
events or otherwise. Targets and expected timing to achieve targets and strategies are subject to change without notice due to a number of factors. Inclusion of information in this report 
does not necessarily indicate such information is material to an investor in our securities. 
ABOUT OUR GHG EMISSIONS ESTIMATES  
The GHG emission estimates described in this report are derived from a combination of direct measurement and calculated values using activity-based parameters and established 
emission factors as of December 31, 2022. Oxy applies operational control as our organizational boundary and primary approach to reporting. We include within this boundary the 
operated oil and gas assets of Oxy, the operated assets of Occidental Chemical Corporation (OxyChem), and certain assets not part of oil and gas or chemical operations such as 
company-operated aircraft; we exclude operated assets that are sold in a given year. We use industry standards and practices for estimating GHG emissions, including guidance from the 
GHG Protocol, IPCC, SASB, U.S. EPA, API and Ipieca. Oxy has endeavored to estimate direct GHG emissions from our operations (Scope 1), indirect emissions associated with the 
generation by others of electricity, steam or heat that we purchase for use in our operations (Scope 2), and the three categories of emissions generated by others in our downstream oil 
and gas value chain (Scope 3) that we believe are most relevant—downstream transportation and distribution of our oil and gas products (Category 9), processing and refining of our oil 
and gas products (Category 10), and use of our sold products by consumers (Category 11). We continue to refine our processes and systems, including those with respect to equipment 
inventories and estimation or measurement of GHG emissions. Uncertainties associated with emissions estimates include, but are not limited to, variation in processes and operations, the 
availability of sufficient representative data, the quality of available data, and the methodologies used for measurement and estimation. Oxy does not currently expect to update our GHG 
emissions estimates for prior years unless there are significant discrepancies or omissions identified with respect to a prior year’s estimates, a significant change has occurred in our 
organizational boundaries such as a significant acquisition or divestiture, or a significant change has occurred to regulations or protocols that, in each case, would cause GHG emissions to 
differ from the prior estimate by more than 5% of our company-wide Scope 1 and 2 emissions estimate in the relevant year. Because no such significant changes to our total GHG 
emissions for 2019 through 2021 have been identified in this reporting period, this report incorporates the data for those years that were presented in our 2022 Climate Report. Oxy also 
provides certain emissions and production data on an equity basis, where available, excluding assets that are sold in a given year. Our equity emissions currently reflect our proportionate 
equity interest in our operated oil and gas and chemical assets and our third-party operated international joint ventures. They do not reflect our equity interests in third-party operations in 
the U.S., either onshore or offshore Gulf of Mexico, or passive equity investments, because we do not currently have consistent access to such data from those operators. We are 
evaluating processes to estimate GHG emissions from third-party U.S. operators and expect to be in a position to provide more information on those interests in the future. Equity-based 
production data reflect oil and gas production presented in our annual Form 10-K, and equity-based Scope 3 emissions estimates reflect that total equity production. Oxy’s Scope 3 
estimates address the three most relevant categories in our downstream oil and gas value chain—the transportation, refining, and use of our sold oil and gas products (Category 9, 10, and 
11, respectively), applying the 2009 and 2021 API Compendium and U.S.-based emission factors and the U.S. EPA/IPCC AR4 GWP to our production on an operated and equity basis. The 
estimates for transportation and refining reflect our production entirely as oil on a BOE basis with further transportation of the refined products, rather than reflecting transportation and 
processing of natural gas or NGLs that would be expected to generate lower emissions. The estimates for use of our sold products assume 100% combustion of oil, NGLs, natural gas and 
downstream products and ignore non-emitting uses. While we believe the downstream oil and gas value chain comprises the Scope 3 categories most relevant to Oxy, we are continuing to 
assess methodologies to estimate emissions associated with these and other Scope 3 categories with respect to our oil and gas, chemical and other operations and products. Reporting of 
estimated emissions generated by others helps to evaluate the lifecycle emissions associated with our operations and products and to aid in expressing the magnitude of our net-zero 
goals and ambitions and does not indicate an acceptance by Oxy of responsibility for the emissions of others. There are multiple proposed or recently adopted changes to various GHG 
reporting regulations and protocols, including from the U.S. EPA, the SEC, the GHG Protocol, certain countries, political and economic unions and states, as well as for additional controls, 
fees or taxes on emissions. Given the potential significance of these changes for estimation and reporting, Oxy may update or modify our reported emissions and our current suite of GHG 
goals and targets to reflect new regulations and protocols, although we expect to retain our overarching net-zero goals and ambitions and to continue to implement emissions reduction 
plans that we believe will complement our investments in Direct Air Capture (DAC), Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage (CCUS) and other low-carbon technologies and infrastructure.
[23] The Board’s composition for the 2022 column reflects Board members active as of March 23, 2023.
[24] Defined as U.S. charitable contributions and international social projects and community investments by Oxy to support public-private initiatives and foundations.
[25] We have refined our process for calculating social investments and have accordingly updated the 2021 value.  
 
[26] 501(c)(3) and 170(c) U.S. charitable and non-U.S. contributions.
[27] Per SASB EM-EP-000.C and EM-EP-000.B activity metrics.
 83
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Independent Limited Assurance Report to Occidental Petroleum Corporation
ERM Certification & Verification Services Incorporated (“ERM CVS”) was engaged by Occidental 
Petroleum Corporation (“Oxy”) to provide limited assurance in relation to the selected information set 
out below and presented in Oxy’s Climate Report, Sustainability Report, and annual summary of ESG 
performance indicators on Oxy’s website (together the ‘Reports’) for the 2022 reporting period.  
Engagement summary 
Scope of our 
assurance 
engagement 
Whether the 2022 data for Oxy’s operations are fairly presented in the Reports, in all material 
respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.  
 Scope 1 GHG Emissions [million metric tonnes CO2e] 
 Scope 2 GHG Emissions (location-based) [million metric tonnes CO2e] 
 Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)) [million metric tonnes 
CO2e] 
 Total Methane Emissions [thousand metric tonnes CH4] 
 Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions1, covering the following organizational boundaries [million 
metric tonnes CO2e]: 
 Operated basis; and 
 Equity basis. 
 
Reporting period January 1, 2022 – December 31, 2022 
Reporting 
criteria 
 American Petroleum Institute Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
Methodologies for the Oil and Natural Gas Industry, 2009 & 2021 
 IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006 
 US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule 
 WBCSD/WRI GHG Protocol (2004, as updated January 2015) for the Scope 1, 2 and 3 
GHG Emissions 
Assurance 
standard and 
level of 
assurance  
We performed a limited assurance engagement, in accordance with the International Standard 
on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance Engagements other than Audits 
or Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ issued by the International Auditing and 
Assurance Standards Board (IAASB).  
The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from 
and are less in extent than for a reasonable assurance engagement and consequently, the 
level of assurance obtained in a limited assurance engagement is substantially lower than the 
assurance that would have been obtained had a reasonable assurance engagement been 
performed. 
Respective 
responsibilities 
Oxy is responsible for preparing the Reports and for the collection and presentation of the 
information within it, and for the designing, implementing, and maintaining of internal controls 
relevant to the preparation and presentation of the Reports. 
ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions to Oxy on the agreed scope based on our 
engagement terms with Oxy, the assurance activities performed and exercising our 
professional judgement.  
Our conclusion 
Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the following 2022 
GHG emissions data for the disclosures listed under ‘Scope’ above are not fairly presented in the Reports, in all 
material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria: 
 
2022 (Total Oxy) 
 Scope 1 GHG Emissions: 17.60 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Scope 2 GHG Emissions (location-based): 4.90 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)): 22.50 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Total Methane Emissions: 45.44 thousand metric tonnes CH4 
 
 
 
1 ERM CVS assured total Scope 3 GHG emissions for oil and gas products comprised of only the following categories: Category 9: Downstream Transportation 
and Distribution, Category 10: Processing of Sold Products, and Category 11: Use of Sold Products. 
 84
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2022 (Other Operations2) 
 Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)): 0.0032 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 
By Business Unit  
2022 (Oxy Oil & Gas) 
 Scope 1 GHG Emissions: 11.35 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Scope 2 GHG Emissions (location-based): 3.20 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)): 14.55 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Total Methane Emissions: 45.22 thousand metric tonnes CH4 
 Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions3 (operated basis): 217 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions3 (equity basis): 175 million metric tonnes CO2e 
2022 (OxyChem) 
 Scope 1 GHG Emissions: 6.25 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Scope 2 GHG Emissions (location-based): 1.70 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)): 7.95 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 Total Methane Emissions: 0.22 thousand metric tonnes CH4 
Emphasis of matter 
Without affecting our conclusion, which is not modified, we draw attention to the explanatory notes provided by 
Occidental in the Reports relating to the assumptions applied to calculate the Scope 3, Categories 9, 10, and 11 GHG 
emissions with respect to its oil and gas products. 
Our assurance activities   
Considering the level of assurance and our assessment of the risk of material misstatement of the Selected 
Information, a multi-disciplinary team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed a range of procedures that 
included, but was not restricted to, the following:   
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the reporting criteria for the Reports.  
 Interviews with relevant staff to understand and evaluate the management systems and processes (including 
internal review and control processes) used for collecting and reporting the selected disclosures. 
 A review at corporate level of a sample of qualitative and quantitative evidence supporting the reported 
information. 
 An analytical review of the year-end data submitted by all locations included in the consolidated 2022 group data 
for the selected disclosures which included testing the completeness and mathematical accuracy of conversions 
and calculations, and consolidation in line with the stated reporting boundary. 
 In-person visits to the following facilities and offices to interview relevant staff, discuss the reported 2022 facility-
level data, and collect/review underlying documentary evidence: 
 Oxy Permian Plants – Salt Creek Field Gas and Wasson CO2 Recovery Plants, USA;  
 Oxy Chemical Corporation – Geismar Plant, USA; and 
 Oxy Oman – Block 53 Mukhaizna field operations and the Muscat office, Sultanate of Oman; 
 Multiple discussions with key stakeholders, data owners and operational staff to review activity data sources, data 
acquisition methods including but not limited to meter management, emission calculations, and internal and 
external data quality controls.  
 Desk-based review of a sample of 2022 source data for purchased electricity for selected facilities within the 
Permian Basin, USA. 
 Confirming conversion and emission factors and assumptions used.  
 Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Reports to ensure consistency 
with our findings. 
The limitations of our engagement 
The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the available methods for 
determining, calculating, or estimating the underlying information. It is important to understand our assurance 
conclusions in this context. 
 
 
 
2 Other Operations include company-operated aviation and property management. 
3 ERM CVS assured total Scope 3 GHG emissions for oil and gas products comprised of only the following categories: Category 9: Downstream Transportation 
and Distribution, Category 10: Processing of Sold Products, and Category 11: Use of Sold Products.
 85
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Our independence, integrity, and quality control  
ERM CVS is an independent certification and verification body accredited by UKAS to ISO 17021:2015. Accordingly, 
we maintain a comprehensive system of quality control, including documented policies and procedures regarding 
compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. Our 
quality management system is at least as demanding as the relevant sections of ISQM-1 and ISQM-2 (2022).  
ERM CVS applies a Code of Conduct and related policies to ensure that its employees maintain integrity, objectivity, 
professional competence, and high ethical standards in their work. Our processes are designed and implemented to 
ensure that the work we undertake is objective, impartial and free from bias and conflict of interest. Our certified 
management system covers independence and ethical requirements that are at least as demanding as the relevant 
sections of the IESBA Code relating to assurance engagements.  
ERM CVS has extensive experience in conducting assurance on environmental, social, ethical and health and safety 
information, systems, and processes, and provides no consultancy related services to Oxy in any respect.  
 
 
 
 
 
Beth Wyke 
Head of Corporate Assurance Services  
Malvern, PA 
 
August 23, 2023 
 
ERM Certification & Verification Services Incorporated 
www.ermcvs.com  |  post@ermcvs.com 
 86
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Independent Limited Assurance Report to Occidental Petroleum Corporation
ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. (‘ERM CVS’) was engaged by Occidental Petroleum Corporation (‘Occidental’) to provide 
limited assurance in relation to selected greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions data set out below and presented in its Climate Report, 
Sustainability Report and annual summary of ESG performance indicators on Occidental’s website (together the ‘Reports’) for the selected 
reporting periods.
Scope of our assurance 
engagement
Engagement summary
Reporting period
Reporting criteria
Assurance level 
Assurance standard 
Respective 
responsibilities
¹ERM CVS assured total Scope 3 GHG emissions for oil and gas products for the following categories only: Category 9: Downstream Transportation and Distribution, Category 10: Processing of Sold Products, and Category 11: 
Use of Sold Products.
² ERM CVS were engaged to re-assure 2019 and 2020 Total GHG emissions (combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)) due to enhanced emissions estimations applied by Occidental during 2022 for the calculation of 
2019 and 2020 Total GHG emissions (combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)). Please note that ERM CVS reviewed supporting documentation for the 2019 and 2020 scope during the 2020 limited assurance 
engagement, which was conducted during 2021.
Whether the data associated with Occidental’s operations for the following selected indicators are fairly 
presented in the Reports, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria: 
2021
 » Scope 1 GHG Emissions [million metric tonnes CO2e]
 » Scope 2 GHG Emissions (location-based) [million metric tonnes CO2e]
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)) [million metric tonnes CO2e]
 » Total Methane Emissions [thousand metric tonnes CH4]
 » Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions1, covering the following organizational boundaries [million metric  
 tonnes CO2e]:
 Operated basis;
 Operated-equity basis; and
 Equity basis.
 
2020
 » Total GHG Emissions (combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)) [metric tonnes CO2e]2
2019
 » Total GHG Emissions (combined Scope 1 and Scope 2 (location-based)) [metric tonnes CO2e]2
 » January 1, 2021 – December 31, 2021
 » January 1, 2020 – December 31, 2020
 » January 1, 2019 – December 31, 2019 Reporting criteria
 » American Petroleum Institute Compendium of Greenhouse Gas Emissions Methodologies for the Oil  
 and Natural Gas Industry, 2009 & 2021
 » PCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006
 » US EPA Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule
 » WBCSD/WRI GHG Protocol (2004, as updated January 2015) for the Scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG Emissions
International Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised). 
Limited assurance.
Occidental is responsible for preparing the Reports and for the collection and presentation of the 
information within it.
ERM CVS’ responsibility is to provide conclusions on the agreed scope based on the assurance activities 
performed and exercising our professional judgement.
 87
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Our conclusion
Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to our attention to indicate that the 
following GHG emissions data associated with Occidental’s operations are not fairly presented, in all 
material respects, with the reporting criteria:
³ Other Operations include company-operated aviation and property management.
4 ERM CVS assured total Scope 3 GHG emissions for oil and gas products for the following categories only: Category 9: Downstream Transportation and Distribution, Category 10: 
Processing of Sold Products, and Category 11: Use of Sold Products.
2021 (Total Occidental)
 » Scope 1 GHG Emissions: 
 » Scope 2 GHG Emissions  
 (location-based): 
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)): 
 
2020 (Total Occidental)
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)): 
2019 (Total Occidental)
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)): 
2021 (Other Operations³)
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)):
By Business Unit
2021 (Occidental Oil & Gas)
 » Scope 1 GHG Emissions:
 » Scope 2 GHG Emissions  
 (location-based):
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)):
 » Total Methane Emissions:
 » Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions4   
 (operated basis):
 » Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions4   
 (operated-equity):
 » Total Scope 3 GHG Emissions4  
 (equity basis):
2021 (Total OxyChem)
 » Scope 1 GHG Emissions: 
 » Scope 2 GHG Emissions  
 (location-based): 
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)): 
 » Total Methane Emissions 
2020 (Occidental Oil & Gas)
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)): 
2020 (OxyChem)
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)): 
2019 (Occidental Oil & Gas)
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)): 
2019 (OxyChem)
 » Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1 and   
 Scope 2 (location-based)): 
18.50 million metric tonnes CO2e
4.84 million metric tonnes CO2e
23.34 million metric tonnes CO2e 
 
 
23.83 million metric tonnes CO2e
27.53 million metric tonnes CO2e
0.01 million metric tonnes CO2e
13.08 million metric tonnes CO2e
3.17 million metric tonnes CO2e
16.25 million metric tonnes CO2e
76.21 thousand metric tonnes CH4
212 million metric tonnes CO2e
153 million metric tonnes CO2e 
176 million metric tonnes CO2e
5.41 million metric tonnes CO2e
1.67 million metric tonnes CO2e
7.08 million metric tonnes CO2e 
0.19 thousand metric tonnes CH4
16.07 million metric tonnes CO2e
7.74 million metric tonnes CO2e
19.42 million metric tonnes CO2e
8.10 million metric tonnes CO2e
 88
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Emphasis of matter
Without affecting our conclusion, which is not modified, we draw attention to the explanatory notes provided by  
Occidental in the Reports relating to the assumptions applied to calculate the Scope 3, Categories 9, 10, and  
11 GHG emissions with respect to its oil and gas products.
Our assurance activities
A multi-disciplinary team of sustainability and assurance specialists performed a range of assurance procedures which varied across 
the disclosures covered by our assurance engagement, as follows:
 » Virtual and in-person interviews with relevant staff to understand and evaluate the data management systems and processes   
 (including IT systems and internal review processes) used for collecting and reporting the selected 2019, 2020 and 2021 data;
 » In-person visits to the following facilities and offices to interview relevant staff, discuss the reported 2021 facility-level data, and   
 collect/review underlying documentary evidence:
 Occidental Corporate Headquarters, USA;
 OxyChem – Battleground Cogeneration Plant, USA;
 Occidental Permian Plants – Seminole and DUCRP Plants, USA; and
 Occidental Oman – Safah operations in Block 9 and the Muscat office, Sultanate of Oman;
 » Desk-based review of a sample of 2021 source data for purchased electricity for selected facilities within the Permian Basin, USA;
 » Desk-based review of a sample of 2021 source data for Other Operations associated with company-operated aviation and property   
 management;
 » Discuss process and calculation changes of 2019 and 2020 data with Occidental’s corporate reporting team;
 » An analytical review of the year-over-year data and confirmation of calculations, conversion factors, and assumptions used for 2019,  
 2020 and 2021 data; and
 » Review the presentation of information relevant to the scope of our work in the Reports to ensure consistency with our findings.
 
The limitations of our engagement
The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, calculating, or 
estimating the underlying information, and it is important to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.
Our independence
ERM CVS is a member of the ERM Group. The work that ERM CVS conducts for clients is solely related to independent assurance 
activities and auditor training. Our processes are designed and implemented to ensure that the work we undertake with clients is free 
from bias and conflict of interest. ERM CVS and the staff that have undertaken work on this assurance exercise provide no consultancy 
related services to Occidental Petroleum Corporation in any respect.
Beth Wyke 
Partner, Head of Corporate Assurance, Malvern, PA 
October 17th, 2022 
ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. 
www.ermcvs.com  |  post@ermcvs.com
 89
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

2022 EEO-1 REPORT 
ON U.S. EMPLOYEES
EEO-1 Consolidated
Analysis Data as of 12/31/2022
Consolidated Company
Job Categories
Number of Employees (Report employees in only one category)
Race/Ethnicity
Executive/Senior Level Officials and
Managers   (1.1)
First/Mid Level Officials and Managers
(1.2)
Professionals   (2)
Technicians   (3)
Sales Workers   (4)
Administrative Support Workers   (5)
Craft Workers   (6)
Operatives   (7)
Laborers and Helpers   (8)
11
Hispanic or Latino
Not-Hispanic or Latino
1
Native
Hawaiian
or Other
Pacific
Islander
American
Indian or
Alaska
NativeAsian
Two
or
more
races
Black or
African
AmericanWhite
Native
Hawaiian
or Other
Pacific
Islander
American
Indian or
Alaska
NativeAsian
Two
or
more
races
Black or
African
AmericanWhite
Total
Col
A - N
Male Female
Male Female
Total Employees   (10) 1,221
Service Workers   (9)
354
177 56
314 146
113 40
0 2
21 99
141 1
441 7
0 0
3 2
99
4,308
924
1,361
288
19
53
396
1,153
1
14
21
1,081
243
528
60
6
185
3
31
0
4
1
372
41
103
27
0
9
11
167
1
11
1
7
10
13
6
1
2
0
7
0
0
5
331
65
233
16
0
4
4
8
0
0
0
43
0
3
0
0
1
0
3
0
0
1
52
4
23
7
0
0
2
15
0
0
1
179
22
78
20
0
46
0
7
0
5
0
1
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
180
28
125
8
0
19
0
0
0
0
0
14
1
7
1
0
4
0
1
0
0
0
24
1
14
4
0
4
0
1
0
0
141
8,167
1,572
2,949
590
28
447
558
1,841
2
39
(A) (B) (C) (D) (E) (F) (G) (H) (I) (J) (K) (L) (M) (N)
 90
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

GLOSSARY OF TERMS
A 
API: American Petroleum Institute. Trade 
association that represents all aspects of 
America’s oil and natural gas industry.
B 
Bbl: Barrel of oil. 1 bbl = 42 gallon,  
1 mmbbl = 1,000,000 bbl.
BOE: Barrel of oil equivalent is the energy 
released by burning one barrel of oil, and is 
used to express the energy contained in 
other hydrocarbon streams in barrels. For 
example, Oxy uses a conversion of 6,000 
cubic feet of natural gas = 1 BOE. 1 mmBOE 
= 1,000,000 BOE.
C 
CapEx: Capital Expenditures. Funds used 
by a company to acquire or upgrade 
assets such as property, buildings or 
equipment with the purpose of creating 
future benefits.
CHP: Combined Heat and Power.  
A power plant that, while generating 
electricity via a gas turbine, uses  
surplus heat to make steam to generate 
additional electricity via a steam turbine. 
Enhances the efficiency of the plant.
CNG: Compressed Natural Gas.
CO2: Carbon dioxide. 
CO2 EOR: Carbon dioxide enhanced oil 
recovery. Oxy is an industry leader in 
applying CO2 EOR, which can increase 
ultimate oil recovery by 10 to 25 percent in 
the fields where it is employed.
CO2e: Carbon dioxide equivalent—
obtained by converting a mixture of GHGs 
to a single number based on the global 
warming potential of each individual GHG 
in the mixture. 
Condensate: Mixture of hydrocarbons 
that are in a gaseous state under reservoir 
conditions and become liquid as the 
temperature and pressure are reduced.
CCUS: Carbon capture, utilization  
and storage.
CDP: A non-profit organization that 
manages a system for disclosing 
environmental impacts. Formerly known 
as the Carbon Disclosure Project www.
cdp.net.
CH4: Methane or natural gas.
D 
DAC: Direct Air Capture. DAC pulls CO2 
directly from the atmosphere and delivers 
it in a pure, compressed form so it can be 
used in processes like enhanced oil 
recovery to create low-carbon fuels and 
products or permanent carbon removal 
through carbon sequestration. DAC 
technology allows for collection of 
atmospheric CO2, making it a key solution 
for addressing difficult to capture, and 
historical, emissions.
DJ Basin: Denver-Julesburg Basin  
in the U.S. Rockies region.
E 
EOR: Enhanced Oil Recovery, a technique 
to increase oil production through the 
injection of water, steam or carbon 
dioxide. 
EPA: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. 
ESG: Environmental, Social  
and Governance. 
EV: Enterprise Value. Measure of a 
company’s value, calculated as market 
capitalization plus debt, minority interest 
and preferred shares, minus total cash 
and cash equivalents.
F 
FCPA: Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
G 
Generator capacity: The maximum 
output, commonly expressed in 
megawatts (MW), that generating 
equipment can supply.
GHG: Greenhouse gases—primarily 
comprised of carbon dioxide, methane, 
nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, 
perfluorocarbons, sulfur hexafluoride, and 
nitrogen trifluoride.
GoM: Gulf of Mexico.
H 
HSE: Health, Safety and Environment.
I 
IEA: International Energy Agency.
IOGP: The International Association of Oil 
and Gas Producers. 
Ipieca: A global oil and gas industry 
association focused on environmental and 
social matters. Formerly known as the 
International Petroleum Industry 
Environmental Conservation Association. 
M 
Metric Ton (or Tonne (/mt):  
1,000 kilograms  
(approximately 2,205 pounds). 
MRV: Monitoring, Reporting and 
Verification Plan. Approved by the U.S. 
EPA.
 91
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

MW: Megawatt. A measure of power 
generation or consumption capacity. One 
MW equals 1,000 kilowatts or one million 
watts.
MWh: Megawatt Hour. 1,000 times larger 
than the kilowatt-hour and is used for 
measuring the energy output of large 
power plants.
N 
NDCs: Nationally Determined 
Contributions under the Paris Agreement.
Net Zero: As defined by the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change, "net zero” balances 
anthropogenic GHG emissions to the 
atmosphere with GHGs taken out of the 
atmosphere. At Oxy, net zero means that 
we facilitate the reduction, capture, 
removal and storage of at least the same 
quantity of GHGs that are emitted directly 
from our operations (Scope 1), generated 
by others to create the power we purchase 
to conduct our operations (Scope 2), and 
generated by customers and consumers 
using the products we sell (Scope 3). 
NGLs: Natural Gas Liquids. Liquid 
hydrocarbons that are extracted and 
separated from the natural gas stream. 
NGLs produced include ethane, propane, 
butane and natural gasoline.
NOX: Nitrogen oxides, criteria air pollutant.
NPV: Total present value of a time series 
of cash flows reflecting revenues minus 
expenses using an annual discount rate.
O 
Operating Management System (OMS): 
Oxy’s OMS is based on operational 
excellence standards aligned with the 
API’s Energy Excellence® program, the 
ACC's Responsible Care® program, the 
Ipieca Principles, the World Economic 
Forum’s (WEF) Stakeholder Capitalism 
Metrics, and the Operating Management 
System Framework of the IOGP. OMS 
provides a consistent and rigorous 
methodology to help the company identify, 
assess and address HSE, social and 
operational risks across our business 
operations.
P 
Paris Agreement: An international treaty 
on climate change adopted by 196 Parties 
at the UN Climate Change Conference 
(COP21) in Paris, France in December 2015 
and administered under the 1992 United 
Nations Framework Convention on 
Climate Change. The Paris Agreement’s 
overarching goals are to hold “the 
increase in the global average 
temperature to well below 2°C above 
pre-industrial levels” and pursue efforts 
“to limit the temperature increase to 1.5°C 
above pre-industrial levels." 
Permian Basin: A hydrocarbon-bearing 
sedimentary basin largely contained in the 
western part of Texas and the 
southeastern part of New Mexico.
PV: Photovoltaic technologies, more 
commonly known as solar panels, 
generate power using devices that absorb 
energy from sunlight and convert it into 
electrical energy through semiconducting 
materials.
RECs: Reduced Emissions Completions 
are implemented to reduce the loss of 
methane and other hydrocarbons during 
drilling and completion activities.
S 
SASB: Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board. Now part of the 
International Financial Reporting 
Standards (IFRS) Foundation. 
Scope 1 Emissions: As defined by the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 1 or 
direct emissions are emissions from 
sources that are owned or controlled by 
the reporting entity.
Scope 2 Emissions: As defined by the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 2 or 
indirect emissions are emissions that are a 
consequence of the activities of the 
reporting entity, but occur at sources 
owned or controlled by another entity 
such as the generation of purchased 
electricity, steam or heat.
Scope 3 Emissions: As defined by the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 3 or 
other indirect emissions are emissions 
from the reporting entity's value chain, 
such as from the transportation, 
processing or use of products sold by the 
reporting entity, extraction and production 
of purchased materials and fuels, 
transport-related activities not owned or 
controlled by the reporting entity, 
electricity-related activities (e.g., 
transmission and distribution losses) not 
covered in Scope 2, waste disposal, etc.
SDGs: United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals.
SDS:  Safety Data Sheets. 
 
SEC: U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission.
SOX: Sulfur oxides, criteria air pollutant.
STEP: Strategic Technical Excellence 
Program.
T 
TCFD: Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures. 
W 
WEF: World Economic Forum. The World 
Economic Forum is the International 
Organization for Public-Private 
Cooperation. At the 2017 Annual Meeting, 
CEOs from the World Economic Forum 
International Business Council issued the 
“Compact for Responsive and Responsible 
Leadership”, which states that “society is 
best served by corporations that have 
aligned their goals to the long-term goals 
of society,” and it identifies the UN SDGs 
as the roadmap for that alignment.
 92
ADVANCING OUR SHARED FUTURE: OXY 2023 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

Visit Oxy.com for more information