2023  
Corporate 
Sustainability Report
Energizing sustainable change

About this report
Our purpose:
We take energy forward, making 
it safer, cleaner and more efficient 
for people and the planet.
Our sustainability report is prepared using the Global Reporting 
Initiative’s GRI’s Standards and the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol 
as the foundation of our report. We also provide reporting indices for 
the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and 
the Sustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and Gas Services 
Industry Standard–Extractives and Minerals Processing Sector. 
Accessibility and usability This report delivers enhancements designed to improve usability:  
•
 A
udio features narrate the report for visually impaired, 
readers with dyslexia or other reading impairments. 
•
 E
xpansion of color palette to support accessibility for visually 
impaired readers.
Reports and policies Our archived reports and policies are accessible on our website.
Our frameworks
  C over photo L to R:  
Ishan Jeet, Isabela Vieira , IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  1
By the NumbersWho we are

Who we are
Our values
We are an energy technology company.
Our purpose We take energy forward, making it safer, cleaner 
and more efficient for people and the planet.  
Sustainability 
vision
To be a sustainable pioneer in everything we do, 
positioning Baker Hughes as the future energy 
technology company of choice.
Grow
See challenge as 
opportunity and 
learn every day.
Collaborate
Inspire, be inclusive 
and bring out the 
best in each other.
Lead
Make, invent 
and perform 
with impact.
Care
Do the right thing, 
always for our 
customers, our 
people and the 
environment.
  S teve Xiong, Electronic Tech, IET 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  2
By the NumbersWho we are

Table of contents
A letter from our Chief Executive Officer  5
A l
etter from our Chief Sustainability Officer 6
Who we are 7
Our business strategy   10
O
ur economic impact   11
O
ur values and culture   12
Sustainability at Baker Hughes  13
Sustainability by the numbers  14
Awards and recognition 15
Our approach to sustainability 16
All in. Carbon Out. 18
Our sustainability strategy 20
Materiality assessment 21
Sustainability matters to our customers and investors 23
We drive innovation and technology advancement 24
Investments and partnerships 27
People 29
Our People strategy 30
Our People 32
Attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent 34
Attracting and identifying talent with a purpose 35
A commitment to help our people thrive 38
Delivering total rewards for employees 43
Committing to progress on diversity, equity and 
inclusion
46
Equipping employees to live and lead inclusively 46
Progressing our diverse supplier program 51
Engaging with communities in which we live and 
work 
54
Supporting causes and nonprofit organizations 
through Baker Hughes Foundation
55
Supporting global communities through volunteerism 56
Embedding sustainability as everyone’s 
responsibility
59
The role of people driving change 61
Planet 62
Our Planet strategy 63
Pioneering low carbon energy solutions to deliver 
value for our customers
64
Roadmaps for successfully reaching our goals 65
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 67
Transitioning to renewables 72
Enable our partners to thrive in a low carbon world 74
Approaching scope 3 GHG emissions 75
Our life cycle assessment progress 79
Championing environmental stewardship 80
Managing waste 81
Reducing spills and reporting them transparently 86
Managing chemicals 88
Water stewardship 89
Protecting biodiversity and natural capital 91
Positioning ourselves early as a key technology 
provider
93
Developing low carbon energy solutions 93
Utilizing geothermal energy 94
Developing hydrogen solutions 94
Increasing our research and development funding 
by external sources year-over-year
94
Climate change as part of the Task Force on 
Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD)
94
Table of contents continued on next page
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  3
By the NumbersWho we are

Table of contents continued
Principles 97
Our Principles strategy 98
Ensuring sustainable governance 99
Our Board of Directors 99
Governance of sustainability 101
Buffering sustainability risks through our Enterprise 
Risk Management process
102
Tax 103
Championing ethics and compliance 105
Sustainability Support Center 107
Open reporting and consultation 108
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption 108
Human rights 109
Data privacy and cybersecurity 111
Cybersecurity 112
Upholding the highest HSE standards 113
Occupational safety 113
Our approach to health and safety 114
Our HSE Management System 115
Training to foster a safety culture 116
Taking preventative measures 116
Process Safety Management  117
Supporting workers’ health 118
Security 121
Appendices 122
Appendix A: Standard Alignment Tables 124
Appendix B: Statements and Notes with Independent 
Accountants’ Report
136
Appendix C: Stakeholder Engagement 164
Performance Index 166
People 168
Planet 180
Principles 185
  J ose Sanchez , Lead Manufacturing Engineer, OFSE
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  4
By the NumbersWho we are

Baker Hughes’ purpose—to take energy forward, making it safer, cleaner and more 
efficient for people and the planet—has been at the heart of our business for over 
a century. As we continue accelerating the energy transition, our mission has never 
been more relevant. 
Climate change is a real and existential challenge of our times. We see its effects 
impacting the global economy and how we live daily. The global stocktake 
completed in 2023 by the United Nations (UN) at the 28th Conference of Parties 
(COP28) underscored the importance that action must meet stated emission 
reduction ambitions. The urgency to act has never been clearer. Our sponsorship of 
COP28 is a testament to our commitment to emissions reduction and supporting a 
more sustainable, resilient energy future.    
With our diverse portfolio of technology, equipment and service solutions for the natural 
gas value chain, we are positioned to play a key role to enable energy security and 
affordability in a sustainable manner. By leveraging sustainable practices, we have reduced 
the carbon intensity of our operations while enabling our customers and partners to meet 
their environmental goals using low-carbon and new energy solutions. We are driving 
transformative and meaningful change for energy producers and users today to address 
the urgency and scale required to meet the world’s energy demand. Sustainability is a key 
differentiating capability for Baker Hughes. This enables us to optimize efficiency in the 
lifecycle of energy production. In support of circular economic practices, we continue to 
repurpose, reuse and design our products to reduce our environmental impact.  
I’m proud of the terrific progress we’ve made this year across our sustainability framework of 
People, Planet and Principles, including:  
A letter from our Chief 
Executive Officer 
In this report, you will learn more 
about the ways we are embedding 
sustainability across our business for a 
lower-carbon, sustainable future. Only 
with a true culture of sustainability will 
our people be empowered to make 
sustainable choices, tackle the hardest 
challenges and take positive action 
for the planet. Together, our team of 
~58,000 employees is committed to 
continually raising the bar.    
Lorenzo Simonelli  
Chairman, President and Chief 
E
xecutive Officer  
We are advancing our workforce representation and inclusion. 
Women in STEM increased by 2.1% points YoY (12.1% to 14.2%).  
Our scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions decreased 
28.3% from our 2019 base year.  
We spent $410 million with diverse and small business suppliers 
furthering our partnerships with minority-owned businesses and 
supporting the local communities.    
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  5
By the NumbersWho we are

The Paris Agreement’s first global stocktake in 2023 concluded that the world is behind in 
achieving the goals set out in 2015. UN Global Compact’s Compact’s global private sector 
stocktake also highlighted the need for the private sector to accelerate action on sustainable 
development goals further.   
Baker Hughes is committed to operating sustainably as one of the first companies in our 
sector to make a net-zero emissions commitment and as a signatory of the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs). We have a clear focus on delivering sustainable operations and 
solutions for customers with rigor, transparency, data and technological integrity.  
In 2023, we worked to activate our sustainability strategy across the Company. Through 
our existing corporate sustainability framework—People, Planet and Principles—we have 
continued to support the UN SDGs and move beyond pledges to weave sustainability more 
deeply into our culture. We can only deliver on our promises as a company by linking a 
culture of sustainability to how we solve the biggest challenges.       
While pursuing our business and 
financial objectives, our team adheres 
to the Code of Conduct and applicable 
laws and policies.  
Sustainability is at the core of our 
corporate strategy and is one of our 
leading differentiators today. As the 
energy transition progresses globally, 
I’m incredibly proud of our progress so 
far, delivered by our people who drive 
sustainable practices for Baker Hughes 
and the world.        
Allyson Anderson Book  
Chief Sustainability Officer  
A letter from our  
Chief Sustainabilty Officer
People
Our people are central contributors to our purpose of taking energy forward. We believe 
attracting a diverse workforce is critical to our success in support of the energy transition. 
In 2023, we saw an increase in women employee representation (19.1% to 19.5%) within the 
Company. Executive leadership has sponsored 20+ working groups across the enterprise to 
embed sustainable practices, thus driving key outcomes in line with our sustainability strategy.           
Planet
We achieved 28.3% reduction in our scope 1 and 2 emissions from our 2019 base year. This 
year, we committed to an internal scope 3 goal — and created the roadmap toward meeting 
that goal — for each of the ten categories of scope 3 emissions that we have quantified. We 
empowered our ~58,000 employees to reduce operational emissions through our flagship 
Carbon Out program, resulting in over 550 Carbon Out projects commenced or to be 
implemented.  
Principles
At Baker Hughes, doing the right thing comes first. We believe that this commitment to integrity 
is fundamental to running a sound, successful and sustainable business. Our strong corporate 
governance starts at the top with our Board of Directors and cascades down throughout our 
business to all levels. One of our standards includes the annual training and acknowledgement 
of our Code of Conduct, which was completed by 97.5% of employees. We understand that to 
have a sustainable business, we must also engage with our local communities. During the 
calendar year, our annual local spend in areas we operate was 80.0% of our procurement spend.       
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  6
By the NumbersWho we are

Who we are
Our business strategy 10 
Our economic impact 11 
Our values and culture 12 
  L t o R: Michele Lauriola, Systems Engineering Manager, IET |  Inia Oboigbator, 
Senior Finance Manager, IET | Ilaria Cabona , Systems Engineer, IET
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  7 Baker Hughes   7Sustainability Report 2023

Who we are
1 Baker Hughes Company (“Baker Hughes”, “the Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”)  
2 Carbon intensity is a measure of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases (CO 2e) per unit of activity  L t o R: Amalia Pagliuca , Manuela Tonti, IET
Baker Hughes1 is a leading energy technology 
company comprised of ~58,000 employees who 
harness the power of engineering, data and science 
to redefine how all of us will take energy forward. 
We conduct business in over 120 countries to provide solutions for our customers in the 
energy and industrial sectors. Together, we will make a safer, cleaner and more efficient 
planet for everyone. 
To accomplish such a feat, we are working to reduce the carbon intensity 2 of our operations, 
applying proven low-carbon technology to help our customers meet their environmental 
goals and developing innovative new products and services for the future.  
Baker Hughes has a diverse portfolio of technologies and services across the  
energy landscape delivered through two business segments.
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  8

Leading services and 
products provider for 
onshore and offshore 
oilfield operations across 
the lifecycle of a well, 
focused also on new 
energy areas such as 
geothermal and CCUS
We leverage our corporate 
structure to advance 
sustainable energy. 
Oilfield Services and Equipment (OFSE):
Designs and manufactures products and 
services for onshore and offshore oilfield 
operations across an asset’s lifecycle, 
ranging from exploration, appraisal and 
development to production, rejuvenation 
and decommissioning. Beyond its 
traditional oilfield concentration, OFSE 
is also expanding its capabilities and 
technology portfolio to meet the challenges 
of the energy transition, including new 
energy areas such as geothermal 
and carbon capture, utilization and 
storage (CCUS), strengthening its digital 
architecture and addressing key energy 
market themes.
Industrial and Energy Technology (IET): 
Combines a broad array of domain 
expertise, technologies, software and 
services for energy customers, including 
on- and offshore, liquified natural gas 
(LNG), pipeline and gas storage, refining, 
petrochemical, distributed gas, hydrogen, 
CCUS, clean power and renewable energy. 
It also provides cutting-edge technology 
for energy consumers and/or organizations 
reliant on infrastructure integrity. IET 
solutions unlock the ability to transform and 
transport energy efficiently while reducing 
emissions, addressing a fundamental 
challenge behind the energy trilemma: 
reducing environmental impact while 
maximizing efficiency, safety, productivity, 
reliability and availability.  
OFSE IET
Leading industrial and 
energy technology provider 
for LNG, upstream and 
industrial applications 
including CCUS, 
hydrogen and emissions 
management capabilities
Figure 1-1: Business Segments
Our two business segments
Leveraging subsurface to surface 
portfolios for geothermal and carbon 
storage solutions
Existing core technologies enable 
opportunities in carbon capture, 
hydrogen, clean power solutions and 
emissions abatement
New energy...
Directional drilling
Well construction
Production maintenance and 
enhancement
Compression and power generation
Equipment and aftermarket services
Condition monitoring and inspection
Expertise in...
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  9

Our business strategy
Our business strategy is focused on delivering near-term targets while laying the 
foundations for long-term success. Our focus across three time horizons strengthens our 
core competitiveness and delivers higher-productivity solutions today. It also allows us to 
invest for growth and position Baker Hughes as a leader in the energy transition. By executing 
this strategy, we are delivering sustainable value for our shareholders and stakeholders.  
Transform the core
We are transforming our current business to improve margins 
and cash flow, which we are achieving through portfolio 
rationalization, cost improvement and new business models.   
Invest for growth
We are driving organic and inorganic growth in high potential 
markets where we have a strong position, including industrial 
power and processes, digital enablement, non-metallics and 
chemicals. 
Position for new frontiers
We are making strategic investments to drive lower carbon 
emissions in the energy and industrial sectors, including 
hydrogen, geothermal, CCUS and clean power solutions.
  L  to R: Gunalan Mahaathevan , Field Service Engineer, 
IET | Teresa Caruso, GTS ASPIRE Program, IET
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  10

L okesh Chandrabalan , Lead Engineer 
- Manufacturing & Quality, Disciplinary 
Engineering and Science, IET
Table 1-1: Direct and indirect economic impacts (million USD) 
3 An organization can calculate payments to providers of capital as dividends to all shareholders, plus interest payments 
made to providers of loans 
Our economic impact 
During 2023, we built strong momentum, improving our financial results over the prior year. In 
OFSE, we saw key commercial successes and solid margin improvements. In IET, we benefited 
from robust growth in LNG orders, driving remaining performance obligations (RPO) to levels 
to levels that provide meaningful revenue visibility. We also achieved significant increase in 
new energy orders compared to 2022 as we continued to experience growing demand for 
decarbonization solutions across the Company’s IET and OFSE portfolios.  
Baker Hughes generated $25.5 billion in revenue in 2023, an increase of $4.4 billion or 21% 
from the prior year of 2022. This was primarily driven by increased activity across both 
business segments, OFSE and IET.
For more detail about Baker Hughes’ 
financial performance, see:  
2021 2022 2023
Revenue $ 20,502 21,156 25,506
Total costs and expenses $ 19,192 19,971 23,189
Payments to providers  
of capital3
$ 1,488 1,862 1,633
Payments to governments (net 
cash tax payments)
$ 314 498 595
Total charitable pledges and 
contributions
$ 45 75 64
Our Annual Report
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  11

Grow
See challenge as 
opportunity  
and learn every day
•
 L
earn continually
•
 Be
 adaptable
•  M anage ambiguity
•
 B
e resilient
The energy transition will present 
scenarios we have yet to imagine. By 
embracing a growth mindset, we will  
be ready to adapt and win.
Our Company is defined by our strong 
values and the culture we have built. 
These values are straightforward, 
memorable and foster an action-
oriented way of expressing our culture. 
Due to these foundations, we have a 
culture characterized by performance, 
inclusion, safety and integrity. Read 
more about how our values are driving 
change and bringing our culture to 
life in the following People, Planet and 
Principles sections. 
Our values and culture 
Collaborate
Inspire, be inclusive  
and bring out the  
best in each other
•
 I
nstill trust
•
 C
ommunicate openly
•  M anage conflict
•
 V
alue difference
•
 P
artner with 
communities
Collaboration sits at the heart of our 
efforts to transform the core, invest for 
growth and position for new frontiers. 
Without collaboration, we will not 
survive through the energy transition.
Lead
Make, invent and  
perform with impact
•
 C
ultivate innovation
•
 E
mpower others
•  B e accountable
•
 D
eliver results
Customers are looking for strategic 
partners as they move forward through 
the energy transition. Our people, our 
innovative solutions and our consistent 
delivery will differentiate us against 
competitors.
Care
Do the right thing, 
always, for 
our customers, our 
people and the 
environment
•
 F
ocus on the customer
•
 D
evelop others
•  P ractice sustainability
•
 Ow
n integrity
•
 B
e responsible for 
safety, quality and 
compliance
Every day, people choose to work with 
Baker Hughes because they know we 
care. Our dedication to our people, our 
customers and the environment, along 
with our relentless focus on doing the 
right thing, make us a company like 
no other.
CollaborateGrow
Lead Care
What does it mean? Why it matters
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  12

Sustainability at 
Baker Hughes
Sustainability by the numbers 14 
Awards and recognition in sustainability 15 
Our approach to sustainability 16 
Sustainability strategy implementation 16 
Carbon Out 18 
Our sustainability strategy 20 
Our approach to the materiality assessment 21 
Sustainability matters to our customers and investors 23 
We drive innovation and technology advancement 24 
Investments and partnerships 27 
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  13 Baker Hughes   13Sustainability Report 2023

Principles
People
Subhead 2
Sustainability by the numbers  
at Baker Hughes 
Planet
Recorded 199 Perfect HSE Days and  
over 
1.4 million
safety observations completed
Employees completed 
641,248 
training
hours with our available 230 HSE6 
courses   
Sustainability Support Center received 
approximately 600 requests, an  
increase of 
48.5% YOY
for topics including ESG5 
management, social risks, GHG 
emissions, emission reduction 
initiatives and supply chain
$63.7 million
contributed in cash and  
in-kind contributions to local 
communities
$410 million
spent with diverse suppliers and small 
businesses (Tier 1 and Tier 2 combined)
28.3% 
reduction of scope 1 and 2  
emissions from our base year  
36.0% 
reduction of scope 2 market based 
emissions from 2019 base year 
27.1% 
reduction in the volume of 
hazardous waste produced globally 
compared to 2022 base year 
4 YOY: year-over-year 
5 ESG: Environment, Social and Governance  
6 HSE: Health, Safety and Environment  
Our workforce grew from ~55,000 
employees to
58,000~
4
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  14
By the NumbersWho we are

Golden Peacock Award “2023 
Global Award for Sustainability” 
in the Energy Technology sector 
Product Innovation and Design 
Award at The Manufacturer MX 
Awards 2023 - Druck 
Institutional Investor All-America 
Executive Team 2024 - Winners 
by Sector - Combined Overall   
Hart Energy’s 2023 ESG Awards: 
Cleaner, Safer, More Diverse 
Awards and recognition
“Industry Mover” by Global S&P 
Sustainability Yearbook 2023 
Just Capital 2024 Industry Mover 
Just Capital: ranked ranked 
first in Energy Equipment 
Energy Equipment and Services 
companies 
EcoVadis Silver ESG 
AA ESG Rating MSCI 
Ally Energy GRIT Best Energy 
Workplace (three-time winner) 
Ranked fifth in the Fortune Modern 
25 Board 
  Am auro Arsenio , Field Service Engineer, IET
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  15

“To lead effective change, 
we must build a coalition, 
create consensus and 
facilitate dialogue and 
productive challenge.” 
— Baker Hughes Change Management Playbook 
Our approach to sustainability 
Our sustainability strategy aligns with our Company’s growth and financial goals which 
extend beyond bottom-line considerations. Being a sustainable company means doing 
business in a way that allows us to be successful today while ensuring future growth.  
Sustainability is fundamental to our Company’s purpose. We operate responsibly to 
minimize environmental impact and maximize social benefits by by enabling affordable, 
sustainable and secure energy production for people and the planet. Our vision is to be 
a sustainable pioneer within the energy and industrial sectors, thus positioning Baker 
Hughes as the energy technology company of choice.  
Sustainability strategy implementation
Baker Hughes’ sustainability strategy underpins our commercial strategy and serves as 
our roadmap to embed People, Planet and Principles into our business. Our sustainability 
programs focus on reducing risk and meeting business objectives, setting parameters that 
guide us as we align with stakeholder priorities. Our People, Planet and Principles focus, 
formalized in our publicly disclosed framework, is the playbook that empowers employees 
at all levels to drive sustainable change. With a “top-down” and “bottom-up” approach, 
fueled by shared purpose and Baker Hughes’ maturity in sustainability, our people are 
measurably driving the shift from aspiration to action—from promises to delivery. We are 
strengthening our skills, experience and desire to enable Baker Hughes and our customers 
to thrive in a low-carbon world.  
Across our global workforce, we are driving a culture shift, embedding sustainable 
behaviors and spotlighting the opportunities born out of stakeholder priorities and 
emerging regulatory requirements.
Our people can intentionally activate change. Our strategy deployment efforts in 2023 
focused on operationalizing 20+ working groups with defined cross-functional and 
business segment subject matter experts to provide leadership, governance, tools and 
resources to execute the 30 strategic outcomes outcomes on page 20.  We established 
formalized training modules to ensure consistent process and progress.
Our communities of practice are designed to enable cross-company information sharing 
and support more effective collaboration to drive sustainable solutions.  We continued to 
expand our existing communities of practice with significant growth in 2023 for our Carbon 
Out network, which focused on identifying and executing emission reduction projects 
across our locations globally.  Read more about our Carbon Out program on p 18.   
More than...
20+  
working groups
30  
strategic outcomes
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  16

Communities of practice
Also, in 2023, we formally launched our Sustainability Capabilities workstream.  This project 
used company-specific insights and market-based research to identify roles and skills 
needed for our businesses to meet our goals and those of our customers. This effort drove 
enterprise alignment on supporting and adjacent capabilities, building a strong foundation 
for our organization to continue progressing and differentiating capabilities through our 
talent processes, operating models, communities and infrastructure.  
We engaged employees through voluntary project teams to expand knowledge sharing 
and action initiatives. Our change management, communications and sustainability teams 
collaborated to conduct stakeholder analysis. These teams helped to implement strategic 
action planning and best practices. As a result, employee awareness increased and 
engagement grew. 
Water Management 
and Biodiversity 
Waste, Circularity and 
Sustainable Supply Chain  
Policy and Funding   
  H annah Jasinski , Product Management, OFSE
In 2023, we formalized 
three new communities 
of practice:  
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  17

All in. Carbon Out.
Our Carbon Out program is how we empower our employees to operate sustainably, 
with a continued focus to provide our customers with sustainable solutions. Through this 
program, our people actively participate in reducing our operational and value chain 
emissions. With sustainable practices and employee-driven solutions, we are able to drive 
carbon emissions down in our operations. This engagement program provides tools, a 
framework, funding and resources to engage Baker Hughes employees in systematically 
reducing operational emissions.  
Business Need:  Our global Carbon Out program is the way our Company takes carbon 
dioxide equivalent (CO2e) of our operations. Every employee has a role to play in making 
us more sustainable. Becoming a sustainable energy technology company requires a 
transformation across many parts of the organization, including our culture. All employees, 
despite their roles, can learn how to work and live more sustainably.  
Since its launch in 2021, Carbon Out has engaged and enabled employees and leaders 
across Baker Hughes with the knowledge, training and resources to systematically reduce 
our CO2e emissions. Our employees are empowered to identify emissions reduction 
solutions and projects, which are then reviewed and approved to ensure timely, efficient 
and cost-effective implementation. We offer learning opportunities and resource groups. 
This ensures team members have the knowledge and skills to embed sustainable 
practices in their daily work.      
Business Impact:  As a global program with over 550 projects to be implemented or 
implementation commenced, our employees and Carbon Out leaders have demonstrated 
commitment to our net-zero goal by identifying and executing projects in 2022 and 2023.  
Employees can consult with their HSE representative, facility team, or Carbon Out leader to 
share their ideas. 
In 2023, our Carbon Out program expanded in breadth and depth of impact with over 500 
employees that are Carbon Out leaders across both business segments. These employees 
represent multiple corporate disciplines, such as HSE, supply chain, sourcing, real estate, 
field service engineers and finance. The goal of our champion network is to build and 
execute a pipeline of projects that enable us to achieve CO 2e emissions reduction 
throughout our operations and value chain. 
Through Carbon Out, our employees were provided with educational materials on 
sustainability which equipped them with the right knowledge and skill set to identify 
qualifying projects. Participants of our core leadership training programs - ASPIRE, 
CULTIVATE and IMPACT - were engaged in the Carbon Out program to grow sustainability 
skill sets.   
Over 500 employees are 
Carbon Out leaders. Carbon 
Out gives every person the 
pathway to identify key 
projects or initiatives, going 
All in as climate champions 
to take Carbon Out. 
We have utilized crowdsourced ideas 
and employee-driven initiatives across 
the Company to help build a pipeline of 
new CO2e emissions reduction projects 
for review, consideration and funding. 
Consistent engagement and awareness 
campaigns in the last year have 
increased our focus on sustainability 
in our operations and contributed to a 
mindset shift among our employees to 
adopt more sustainable practices in 
their day-to-day lives. We believe this 
transformation is foundational to being 
a sustainable business.  
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  18

All in. Carbon Out. continued
Energy conservation at United Arab Emirates (UAE) facilities  
Training our employees in the processes of emission reduction is a huge part of our Carbon 
Out program. Our UAE HSE team and the real estate facilities team actively conducted 
Carbon Out training for UAE HSE and facility team members, empowering them to identify 
opportunities to eliminate energy waste.  
One opportunity identified through this training was emissions reductions through 
minimization of compressed air leaks. A team in Dubai implemented a system to detect 
compressed air leaks and optimize compressors, reducing energy consumption. Knowledge 
and best practices have been shared across the region to further expand our energy 
reduction efforts.  
Supporting UN SDGs:  
In support of UN SDG target 7.2: Many of the projects led by our Carbon Out  
leaders are initiatives to reduce energy consumption at our facilities and to  
promote the use of alternative, cleaner energy sources in our operations.
I
n support of UN SDG target 9.1: Carbon Out is allowing for our people across the  
globe to improve the infrastructure of our communities through projects led by  
Carbon Out leaders
I
n support of UN SDG targets 17.16, 17.17, 17.18 and 17.19: Carbon Out is enhancing  
our people’s ability to reduce carbon emissions by seeking out partnerships and  
collaboration efforts that can spread to other sectors and companies. 
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  19

Our goals 
What we aim to deliver
Objectives 
How we will deliver success
Strategic outcomes  
How we will measure success 
Attract, retain and 
develop a diverse 
workforce of the future
Actively engage 
our people and our 
communities
Ensure we attract , retain and 
develop diverse talent
Commit to progress on diversity , 
equity and inclusion 
Actively engage with communities  
in which we live and work
E
mbed sustainability  as everyone’s 
responsibility
•
 I
ncrease women and people of color representation YOY
•
 R
etention parity across under-represented groups
•
 B
est-in-class talent management and acquisition
•
 A
chieve top quartile inclusion index rating annually
•
 T
rack spend with diverse suppliers
•  I nvest to support global communitites
•
 Y
OY increase on employee volunteer hours
•
 C
ompany-wide plan aimed at driving habits of sustainability
Pioneer low carbon 
energy solutions to 
deliver value for our 
customers
Champion 
environmental 
stewardship and 
minimize our footprint
Become a net-zero business  
by 2050
E
nable our partners to thrive in a 
low-carbon world
Minimize the resources  we use
Reduce spills and report them 
transparently
•
 Re
duce scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 50% by 2030
•  Re duce scope 3 emissions by 2033
•
 C
omplete LCAs for the >95% emissions intensive products by 2026
•
 Re
duce waste to landfill by 25% by 2030
•
 Re
duce spills at our sites
•
 Re
duce usage in water stressed sites by 20% by 2030
•
 As
sess 100% of sites for biodiversity risk by 2030 and implement risk 
management programs for high-risk sites
•
 B
H positioned early and recognized as key technology provider
•
 Y
OY increase in research and development funded by external sources
Drive a culture of 
transparency and 
integrity — doing the 
right thing beyond 
compliance
Take energy forward 
responsibly and 
with integrity and 
transparency
Champion compliance and ethics
Ensure sustainable governance  
•
 1
00% of targeted personnel training annually on human rights policies 
and procedures
•
 S
pecialized human rights training completed for >80% SSRP auditors  
and sourcing by 2025
•
 P
rocess to record, track and monitor human rights grievances  
in place Q1 2024
•
 1
00% completion of annual Board training and select executive staff  
for ESG-related topics
•
 A
lign annual executive compensation to ESG outcomes by 2025
•
 1
00% of employees including governance body members completed 
Code of Conduct training annually by 2024
•
 T
otal Recordable Incident Rate < 0.3
•
 A
ll Perfect HSE Days
•
 A
ctive suppliers assessed for environmental criteria every  
three years
•
 9
0% of SSRP audit red-flag findings closed within 90 days
•
 9
0% completion rate for SSRP planned audits
•
 8
0% of suppliers agreeing to Baker Hughes Integrity Guide by 2030
Uphold the highest health , safety 
and environmental standards
Strive for principled , diverse and 
inclusive supply chain
Our sustainability strategy
Our strategy consists of six goals that serve as the framework for operationalizing sustainability 
and will help us to achieve our long-term vision. Our goals are delivered through objectives 
linked to the most important issues. Our strategic outcomes are how we measure success. 
Figure 2-1: Our sustainability strategy
PeoplePlanetPrinciples
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  20

Baker Hughes is dedicated to advancing 
sustainability practices across our People, 
Planet and Principles initiatives.
We seek input from internal and external stakeholders to assess and adjust our 
priorities in response to the evolving global dynamics. Our structured materiality 
assessment is a critical foundation for our sustainability strategy and ensures our 
alignment with issues that may impact our business, communities and planet. This 
assessment is updated at least biannually and was last updated in 2022.      
Our approach to the materiality assessment
Our materiality assessment was conducted using best practice methodologies 
and informed by the guidance of the most widely recognized, including the Global 
Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB). 
Our analysis is primarily based on surveys of stakeholder sentiment on ESG topics 
and included viewpoints and responses from various stakeholder groups, including 
investors, customers, governments, educational institutions, trade associations and 
employees, to identify topics of importance. More information is in Appendix C. After 
survey data was collected, follow-up interviews were completed and analyzed. We 
utilized best practice to position topics relative to the degree of stakeholder interest 
and potential business impact on the following materiality matrix. Any of the topics 
shown in figure 2-2 represent stakeholder interest. The position on the chart provides 
the averaged level of concern or opportunity conveyed by the stakeholder.  For a 
topic to be shown on the chart, multiple survey participants had to indicate that the 
issue was of interest. 
Identifying and knowing 
our stakeholders gives 
us valuable insights on 
aspects of the economy, 
environment and people 
for Baker Hughes to 
evaluate.    
  L  to R: Gunalan Mahaathevan , Field Service 
Engineer, IET | Teresa Caruso , GTS ASPIRE 
Program, IET
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  21

Baker Hughes ESG Materiality (2022)
People
Attracting, Retaining and Developing 
Talent
Collaboration with Academia and NGOs
Community Impact
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
Employee Benefits and Wellbeing
Employee Engagement
Just Transition Principles
Stakeholder Engagement
Supplier Diversity
Planet
 10 Air and GHG Emissions Reduction
 11 Biodiversity Impact
 12 Circular Economy and Waste 
Management
 13 Climate-related Risks
 14 Energy Transition Strategy
 15 Publicly Stated Net Zero Pathways 
 16 Research and Development Investment 
to Accelerate Energy Transition
 17 Production Emissions
 18 Renewable Energy Sourcing
 19 Water Management
Principle
20 Corporate Governance
21 Cybersecurity and Data Production
22 ESG Reporting and Transparency
23 Ethics and Compliance
24 Geopolitical Climate
25 Global Health Emergency Response
26 Green Investment
27 Health, Safety and Environment 
Management
28 Human Rights and Modern Slavery
29 Labor Rights
30 Physical Security
31 Sustainable Supply Chain
Figure 2-2: Materiality assessment 
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
26
22
27
23
28
24
29
25
30
31
Higher
Lower HigherBusiness Impact
Important to Stakeholders
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  22

The increasing demand for efficient and sustainable technologies and end-to-end solutions 
from our investors and our customers presents Baker Hughes with an opportunity to lead 
in the energy transition and sustainability space. We are an early adopter and recognized 
leader in sustainability. Throughout 2023, we partnered with customers to support their 
sustainability targets and net-zero goals.  
We focus on the entire lifecycle of energy 
Baker Hughes focuses on the entire energy production and consumption lifecycle to optimize 
efficiency, minimize environmental impact at every stage and provide long-term value. 
We ensure that the energy solutions provided are sustainable not only for the environment 
but also for the economy and society at large. Our technologies and services enable our 
customers to thrive in a low-carbon world by helping their own sustainability profiles, which 
is increasingly important to regulators, investors and the public.  
With our enhanced sustainability solutions our customers can: 
Know their carbon footprint:  We provide on-demand, verified emissions data for our 
products and solutions through our proprietary Fast Lifecycle Assessment, Fast LCA, tool and 
a comparative analysis of quantified emissions. The tool is aligned to ISO 14040/44 and ISO 
14067:2018 and provides our customers verified GHG emissions footprint of the assessed 
products and/or systems.    
Be prepared and ready for upcoming regulatory reporting requirements:  As new reporting 
regulations are introduced, our Company recognizes that we will need to adapt to them. We 
will leverage our expertise and resources to ensure compliance while guiding our customers 
through this transition period.     
New and upcoming regulations, including the European Union’s Carbon Border Adjustment 
Mechanism and the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive, require our customers to 
report embedded carbon emissions on all their imported products and their scope 1 and 2 
emissions. Our customers will need to collect, verify and report their emissions data. Through 
our emissions modeling and life cycle assessments, we can fill this gap in the goods and 
services they import or purchase from Baker Hughes, which we 
 — a
s their supplier — can 
provide through our emissions modeling and LCAs. 
Sustainability matters to our 
customers and investors 
Three hard truths
To be an innovative leader offering 
sustainable solutions and a provider 
of choice, we know we must face some 
hard truths head-on. 
01
Without accelerating the deployment 
of current technologies and the 
development of future technologies, the 
industry will not meet net-zero targets. 
 
02
Reliance on hydrocarbons will remain in 
the near term, so efficiency matters. 
03
There’s no path to net zero without 
partnerships, integrated thinking and 
common sustainability standards. 
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  23

Innovation Awards
Baker Hughes was recognized as a 
finalist in six categories at the 2023 Gulf 
Energy Information Excellence Awards, 
reaffirming our position as a leading 
energy technology company. These 
categories include:
•
 B
est Completions Technology – 
Completions and Well Intervention 
(CWI)
•
 B
est Deepwater Technology – CWI
•
 B
est Modeling Technology – Process 
and Pipeline Services (PPS)
•
 B
est Production Technology - PPS 
•
 B
est Drilling Technology - Well 
Construction
•
 B
est Deepwater Technology -  
Surface and Subseas Production 
Systems (S&SPS) 
We drive innovation and technology advancement  
To meet the global energy demands of today and the future, a variety of efficient processes, 
innovative technology and commercially viable energy sources are needed as the world 
moves toward a low-carbon energy system.  We develop and deliver end-to-end technology 
solutions in key areas across the energy value chain, using engineering, science and data 
to redefine what’s possible in the context of the energy trilemma of sustainability, security 
and affordability. We have world-class material scientists, engineers, skilled technicians 
and innovative researchers developing the latest non-metallic, composite and advanced 
materials to ensure improved efficiencies and maximum uptime, avoid HSE risks and reduce 
costs for operators. 
Our OFSE business segment is expanding its capabilities and technology portfolio to meet the 
challenges of a net-zero future. These efforts include expanding into new energy areas such 
as geothermal and CCUS, strengthening its digital architecture and addressing key energy 
market themes and never wavering from a longstanding and recognized commitment to 
safety and execution. OFSE also provides integrated well services and solutions to plan and 
execute projects ranging from well construction and production through well abandonment, 
in addition to integrated services and solutions for the subsea environment. 
As the energy transition advances, we expect our digital offering to scale as customers focus 
on efficiencies and emissions reductions and successful commercialization of digital and 
new energy solutions in the near term and next horizon. Long term, we expect emissions 
reductions to become a prerequisite for all energy projects, thus driving significant order 
growth across our new energy offerings.   
Climate technology and innovation  
The Climate Technology Solutions (CTS) portion of our Industrial and Energy Technology 
business segment spans CCUS, hydrogen, clean power and emissions management 
capabilities. Through new technologies like electric-powered, zero-emissions integrated 
compression lines and offshore and onshore decarbonization technologies, Baker Hughes 
is driving efficiencies and cleaner solutions. We have invested in our technology in order to 
enable hard-to-abate sectors to progress in their net-zero journey. CTS has seen tremendous 
growth, with revenue of $326 million in 2023. 
Today, we continue to focus on our research and development efforts towards new 
products, services, technology and innovations. Through our technology centers, we invest 
in fundamental technologies such as materials, additive manufacturing, sensing, artificial 
intelligence, machine learning and other digital technologies such as computer vision, edge 
computing and data science.   
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  24

A ngelo Donato , Engineering and Technology - 
Materials and Processes Engineering, IET
Spotlights on progress  
NovaLT™16 hydrogen turbines
Baker Hughes completed manufacturing and testing of its NovaLT™16 hydrogen turbines in 
December 2023 in our Florence facility. Our NovaLT™16 turbine can start-up and burn gas 
blends up to 100% hydrogen. It can also switch from natural gas to blends or 100% hydrogen 
with no hardware changes. The whole gas turbine package is now ready to run on 100% 
hydrogen, with no CO2 emission at the exhaust system. 
ThermaStimTM 
ThermaStim™ is our new technology that empowers operators to unlock the full potential of 
geothermal energy while reducing environmental risk and carbon footprint. ThermaStim™ 
is a low corrosive, onsite stimulation system that represents a novel method of harnessing 
geothermal energy with improved safety and enhanced production.
PythonPipeTM 
Our Flexible Pipe Systems business has launched its new PythonPipe™ portfolio. This 
technology enables faster installation, reduced time to first production and lower lifecycle 
emissions. The diverse liner options in the PythonPipe™ portfolio provide chemical and 
permeation resistance combined with a wide range of reinforcement types, product sizes, 
temperature and pressure capacities to address our customers’ diverse needs, all while 
achieving up to 75% reduction in carbon emissions throughout its lifecycle.
Compression solutions for CO2 Injection 
Our IET business was awarded a contract in the first quarter of 2023, to supply CO 2 
compression solutions for Petrobras’ P-80, P-82 and P-83 Floating Production Storage and 
Offloading (FPSO) projects in Brazil. The six-gas turbine-driven compression trains are 
designed to reinject more than 1 MTPA of CO2 each into the oil reservoir. This latest contract 
will result in Baker Hughes supplying major compression services for all Petrobras’ FPSO 
vessels.
Combined cycle for FPSO 
In July 2023, Baker Hughes was awarded an order comprised of turbomachinery equipment 
— including LM2500 gas turbine generators and steam turbine generator technology — for 
a combined cycle power generation solution to be installed in the BM-C-33 FPSO to reduce 
the project’s carbon footprint, as well as process design engineering, supporting materials 
and auxiliary equipment. Combined cycles are an important trend in the offshore oil and gas 
industry, as they enable the reduction of the overall FPSO carbon emissions. In this project, 
Baker Hughes expects more than 20% emissions reduction versus similar open cycle FPSOs 
with the same power demand. This is the second combined cycle power generation FPSO 
project developed by Baker Hughes for MODEC and Equinor in Brazilian deep waters, following 
the award for the Bacalhau FPSO in 2020.
We remain 
committed to 
investing in 
our products 
and services to 
maintain our 
leadership position 
across our offerings, 
including $658 
million research 
and development 
(R&D) spend and 
being granted more 
than 2,000 patents 
worldwide in 2023.
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  25

Digital solutions for more intelligent operations    
In January 2023, Baker Hughes introduced multiple new digital solutions and investments  
as a result of detailed research conducted with oil and gas, heavy industry and broader 
industrial customers and partners. These new digital solutions focus on improving efficiency 
and performance while reducing emissions, helping to drive the long-term sustainability of 
our customers’ operations. 
LeucipaTM 
Leucipa™ is a public and private cloud-based automated field production software solution 
designed to help oil and gas operators proactively manage production and increase 
engineering efficiency. Leucipa focuses first on the specific outcome an operator wants to 
achieve, harnessing and leveraging data to drive intelligent operations.
The Leucipa technology is now deployed across 20 countries and over 100 reservoirs. Results 
on the delivered value to existing customers have been swift and significant, with production 
increases upwards of 3% and 75% efficiency gains in engineering time. For one customer in 
North America, Leucipa delivered even greater increases, with a production uplift of 14% and 
an annualized incremental margin of $6 million across 4,000 wells.
CordantTM  
Cordant™ is an integrated suite of solutions supporting industrial asset performance 
management and process optimization. Building on our existing portfolio of solutions, such 
as rotating equipment, critical sensors, valves, pumps, gears and inspection service domain 
expertise, Cordant will combine existing digital offerings for hardware, software and services 
capabilities into one integrated and simplified user interface. 
The Leucipa and Cordant solutions leverage and enhance our core capabilities by offering 
customers a bespoke experience through digital insights gleaned by state-of-the-art 
artificial intelligence engines. We remain committed to delivering the best solutions for our 
customers and staying at the forefront of digital innovation. 
  L t o R: Mike Howe, General Operator, OFSE | 
Tim Smith, Technician, OFSE  | Travis Hinton, Test 
Technician, OFSE
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  26

Investments and partnerships7
We know that it is critical to partner with companies and organizations committed to 
developing state-of-the-art technologies that enhance our core business offerings and 
position us for the future. Our investments in 2023 targeted technologies that promote  
our core business operations and capabilities in CCUS, hydrogen, clean power and 
g
eothermal solutions.   
The path to sustainable energy production requires focused collaboration with our industrial 
partners to bring early technologies to scaled demonstrations and commercial offerings.   
Avports
Baker Hughes and Avports have entered into a memorandum of understanding to develop, 
implement and operate onsite microgrid solutions for the airport industry. At their managed 
airport locations, Avports focuses on airport innovation and sustainability initiatives 
that include power resilience and using power solutions such as green hydrogen. With 
Baker Hughes’ broad energy technology portfolio, which includes both hydrogen-ready 
turbines and heat recovery solutions ideal for microgrid applications, this collaboration 
will accelerate the adoption and development of customized microgrids to address each 
airport’s specific needs. 
Baseload Capital
We have made investments in Baseload Capital, a specialized investment entity that funds 
the deployment of geothermal heat and power. This investment lays the groundwork for 
funding high-potential opportunities for development and operation while simultaneously 
propelling next-generation geothermal technologies from pilot stages to commercial scale.  
Corva
In January 2023, we announced  a strategic investment and collaboration with Corva, a 
Houston-based company that delivers cloud-based well construction digital solutions, to 
bolster oil and gas customers’ rig visualization and drive enhanced decision making across 
the well lifecycle.
  L t o R: Rayson Hew , HR Specialist | Chiara Martini , 
Industrial Relations Specialist, IET
7 Any use of the term “partner” is not meant to refer to the existence of general or limited partnerships.
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  27

Daniel Horvath,  Assembler, Artificial Lift Pumps, 
OFSE
Spotlights on progress  
HIF Global and Mosaic direct air capture
HIF has two pioneering sites where it anticipates possible deployment of Baker Hughes’ 
Mosaic direct air capture technology. In Magallanes, Chile, the HIF Haru Oni eFuels Facility 
began producing its first fuels in December 2022. The eFuels facility produces green 
hydrogen from wind electricity and water, then combines the hydrogen with recycled 
carbon dioxide to produce eFuels. These are synthetic fuels that can be substituted into 
existing vehicles without any modifications to their engines. HIF Global is also completing 
the engineering for the first commercial scale eFuels facility in Matagorda County, Texas and 
expects to begin construction in 2024.  
HyET
Baker Hughes and HyET Hydrogen have entered into a strategic collaboration agreement 
related to hydrogen compression. The collaboration aims to combine HyET’s innovative 
technology for electrochemical hydrogen compression with Baker Hughes’ proven 
compression technology  —
 including engineering, research and development and 
manufacturing know-how across a variety of pressure applications, to grow and accelerate 
the hydrogen market. 
Customer collaboration with ADNOC8
Baker Hughes and ADNOC announced an agreement to accelerate the development and 
commercialization of technology solutions. This includes new growth stage decarbonization 
technologies that we have invested in across the graphene, methane pyrolysis and next-
generation electrolysis spaces. ADNOC will leverage our extensive hydrogen expertise 
and broad technology portfolio to test and develop solutions to produce low-cost green 
hydrogen and graphene at scale, helping to reduce operational emissions. The collaboration 
will include exploring the application of three emerging technologies that we have invested 
in: piloting next generation electrolyzer technology from Nemesys, field testing methane 
plasma technology from Levidian and testing the growth stage methane pyrolysis 
technology of Ekona Power. 
8 ADNOC: Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
Contents Letters People PlanetBy the Numbers Principles AppendicesSustainabilityWho we are
Sustainability Report 2023
  28

People
Our People strategy 30 
Our People  32 
Attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent 34 
Committing to progress on diversity, equity and inclusion 46 
Engaging with communities in which we live and work 54 
Embedding sustainability as everyone’s responsibility 59 
  J ose Sanchez , Lead Manufacturing Engineer, OFSE
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  29
By the NumbersWho we are Baker Hughes   29Sustainability Report 2023

Figure 3-1: Sustainability people strategy
What’s new in 2023
In the following sections, you will 
read about actions we have taken 
to advance our People strategy, 
as well as some of the impactful 
initiatives to show our progress 
against our strategic goals. Some 
headlines, which will be covered in 
more detail, include:   
We joined the Tent Coalition for 
Refugee Hiring, resulting in five new 
hires in United States and Canada. 
We built a new training facility in 
Florence focused on emerging 
technologies, sustainability and 
inclusion. 
We introduced an Inclusive 
Leadership learning path with 
32 sessions conducted to equip 
people leaders to lead inclusively. 
We invested approximately $50 
million in Unity Bank, Texas’ sole 
Black-owned banking institution, 
furthering our commitment to 
support diverse suppliers and small 
businesses. 
We embedded sustainability 
more deeply into the Company by 
launching three new sustainability 
trainings for global employees to 
develop knowledge, competencies 
and necessary skills to deliver 
sustainable solutions for the future.
Goals 
what we aim to deliver
Objectives 
how we will deliver success
Strategic Outcomes  
how we will track progress
Attract, retain and 
develop a diverse 
workforce of the 
future 
Ensure we attract, 
retain and develop  
diverse talent 
•  I ncrease women and people of color 
representation YOY 
•
 Re
tention parity across under-
represented groups
•
 B
est-in-class talent management 
and acquisition
•
 A
chieve top quartile inclusion index 
rating annually
•
 T
rack spend with diverse suppliers
•
 I
nvest to support global communities
•
 Y
OY increase on employee volunteer 
hours
•
 C
ompany-wide plan aimed at 
driving habits of sustainability
Commit to progress  
on diversity, equity 
an
d inclusion 
Actively engage 
our people and 
our communities 
Engage with 
communities in 
which we live  
and work 
E
mbed 
sustainability  
as everyone’s 
responsibility 
Our People strategy 
Baker Hughes has been on a journey of transformation since its inception as an energy 
technology company. We have continued to grow throughout this transformation, with 
people driving our progress.
Our sustainability strategy begins and ends with the success of our employees and the 
communities in which we work. In 2023, our people made a significant impact while building 
a diverse and inclusive culture, driving our sustainability responsibility within Baker Hughes 
as we progress towards our net-zero commitment. 
Over the last year since releasing our sustainability strategy, we have implemented 
systematic and foundational changes to deliver progress on our eight strategic outcomes 
outlined in our sustainability strategy. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  30
By the NumbersWho we are

Engage with 
communities in 
which with live 
and work 
Awards and recognition 
Attract, retain and  
develop diverse talent 
Commit to progress  
of diversity, equity  
and inclusion 
Gold Award by the UK Government’s Defense Employer Recognition Scheme 
for demonstrating commitment as an employer of choice for Veterans 
Baker Hughes India was recognized with the 10th National CSR Times Award in 
recognition of Project “Swabhimaan” (meaning ‘self-respect’), a CSR10 initiative on 
creating tangible change focused on women’s empowerment and children’s education in 
one of the largest slums in Bangalore.
Baker Hughes China was awarded  “Top 100 Best Responsible Corporate Brands” and 
the “2023 Outstanding Volunteer Program” by CSR China Education Ranking for the 
volunteer network’s commitment to making a positive impact.
President’s Volunteer Service Award - Gold Winner by the Houston Food Bank for 
the work over the last year which has positively impacted the community.
Runner-up by Parks LGBT+ Diversity Index 2023, among 85 companies across Italy for 
our commitment in promoting a culture that supports the LGBT+ community
Best ERG awarded to the Baker Hughes Asian Pacific American Forum (APAF) 
Employee Resource Group (ERG) at the 2023 ALLY GRIT Awards
Recognized as “DEI9 best places to work for disability inclusion” by Disability:IN 
with score of 90%, a 10% increase from 2022
Awarded Prime Supplier of the Year by the Houston Minority Supplier Development 
Council for our best practices in our supplier diversity program
9 DEI: Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  
10 CSR: Corporate Social Responsibility
Three gold and two bronze Brandon Hall awards: 
• G OLD for “Best Advance in Learning  
Technology Implementation” 
•
 G
OLD for “Best Use of Social  
Collaborative Learning” 
•
 G
OLD for “Best Development Program  
for Frontline Leaders” 
•
 B
RONZE for “Best Use of Social  
Collaborative Learning”   
•
 B
RONZE for “Best Learning Program 
Supporting a Change Transformation 
Business Strategy” 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  31
By the NumbersWho we are

Our People
Figure 3-2: Employees by gender, age, seniority and job function 
Figure 3-3: Total employees by region 11 
Gender Age SeniorityFunction
Men: 46,343
Women: 11,200
Undeclared: 26
No gender selected: 1
30-50: 38,675
Over 50: 12,365
Under 30: 6,529
No age selected: 1
Senior Professional Band and  
above employees (SPB+)
Executive Band and above 
employees (EB+)
Production: 33,445
Technical: 10,898
Enabling: 6,308
Commercial: 4,900
Other: 2,019
590
8,959
11 The direction of the arrow in the map graphic denotes if the employee population in that region increased or decreased vs. prior year.
Our workforce saw modest growth in 2023 from approximately 55,000 to approximately 58,000. Of that, 
full-time roles represent 98.7% of our total employees. We offer part-time working arrangements in 
certain circumstances and regions to meet the needs of our employees and local regulations. 
We supplemented the skills of our people, as needed, to react flexibly to business and economic 
requirements. We partnered with our suppliers who employed approximately 23,355 contingent workers 
that fulfilled various roles across all business segments and regions where we operate. To find additional 
employee data, refer to the People Performance Index. 
13,566 
NAM
6,421 
LATAM
1,152 
SSA
9,935 
MENATI
18,661 
EUROPE
636 
RCIS
7,199 
APAC
NAM: North America
LATAM: Latin America
MENATI: Middle East, North 
Africa, Turkey and India 
SSA: Sub-Saharan Africa
RCIS: Russian Commonwealth 
of Independent States
APAC: Asian Pacific
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  32
By the NumbersWho we are

Understanding our job functions at Baker Hughes
Technical  
Encompasses roles that manage technology capabilities  
including technology engineering, project management and 
s
oftware development, among others.
Commercial  
Encompasses roles related to selling or advertising our  
organization including sales, marketing, product development  
and mergers and acquisitions.
E
nabling  
Encompasses roles that enable the success of the organization 
including finance, human resources, legal, sourcing and other 
support functions.
Production  
Encompasses roles that drive production of our products and 
services including field operations, logistics, manufacturing  
and client support services.
O
ther  
Represents roles that have not yet been aligned to the other job 
functions at the time of reporting, such as legacy roles from a 
merger or acquisition.
OFSE is embedding our 
sustainability strategy. 
“Our Oilfield Services and 
Equipment business is founded 
on the talent, innovative spirit and 
entrepreneurship of our people. We 
are committed to their professional 
success, working within a diverse 
and inclusive culture and providing 
best-in-class talent management 
and leadership development 
opportunities.”
— Maria Claudia Borras, Executive Vice 
President, Oilfield Services and Equipment
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  33
By the NumbersWho we are

Attracting, retaining and 
developing diverse talent
Throughout 2023, we remained focused on 
attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent.   
The current job market is more challenging than ever, with global inflation and the ongoing 
Great Resignation phenomenon, causing a surge in competition for talent. However, we 
are pleased to share some positive news regarding talent retention amidst our business 
transformation strategy. 
In 2023, attrition decreased overall and for women, with the strongest decrease for 
employees under the age of 30. This reflects our initiatives on our employee value proposition 
and our attractive, competitive and flexible benefit programs. 
The same decreasing trend is represented by voluntary attrition (from 8.6% to 7.0% overall). In 
particular for women, we experienced a trend reversal, proven by an improved attrition rate 
of 8.1% in 2021, 9.3% in 2022 and 7.5% in 2023, in alignment with our inclusive culture.  
In 2023, women employees increased from 19.1% to 19.5% due to less women attrition and the 
same number of women hired externally compared to 2022.  
A positive increase in women’s Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) 
roles reflects our efforts to position our company as an employer of choice. 
By aligning our culture of inclusion and performance with our strategy, we experienced a 
marginal decrease in Senior Professional Band and above (SPB+) roles from 16.2% to 15.6% 
(-0.6% points), while SPB+ women remained almost flat. This trend is partly due to involuntary 
attrition linked to our business transformation and operational effectiveness. 
YOY data at a glance:
Women in STEM increased 
by 2.1% points (12.1% to 
14.2%)
Total attrition rate  
decreased by 1.8% 
points (12.0% to 10.2%)
Voluntary attrition  
rate decreased by 1.6% 
points (8.6% to 7.0%)
Increase in women 
employee representation 
by 0.4% points (19.1% to 
19.5%)
Increase in people of 
color representation in the 
United States by 2.2% 
points (36.1% to 38.3%) 
  S orani Montenegro , Staff Engineer, Systems, 
Product Design and Engineering, IET | Chika Kejeh , 
HQ, Senior Finance Manager - Investor Relations
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  34
By the NumbersWho we are

“Your potential, 
our growth“
“Your vision,  
our innovation“
“Your  
individuality,  
our inclusivity“
“Your passion, 
our purpose“
Figure 3-4: Baker Hughes employee value proposition 
People first, energy forward
“Our Industrial and Energy 
Technology business segment team 
spans multiple industry verticals 
and regions. In 2023, we continued 
to focus on systems and processes, 
enhancing our talent management 
and acquisition capabilities, as well 
as learning and development and 
community engagement programs. 
We achieved an increased pipeline 
of diverse talent and embedded 
sustainable practices in our IET 
operating system, fostering a 
purpose-driven culture that enables 
employees to thrive and do their 
best work each day.”  
— Ganesh Ramaswamy, Executive 
Vice President, Industrial and Energy 
Technology
Attracting and identifying talent with a purpose 
Critical to the execution of our business transformation, we have identified four 
differentiating capabilities — essential skills of the future. We believe these are the critical 
skills that will address the needs of the energy transition and help differentiate us in the 
market. 
In 2022, we activated our employee value proposition (EVP) to communicate clear 
messaging about our Company, our purpose and our culture, as well as to attract 
prospective talent from diverse backgrounds based on our differentiating capabilities 
for a competitive talent advantage. We have a compelling value proposition and seek 
candidates aligned with our values and culture while aiming to ensure a more efficient 
and effective recruitment process. By aligning our recruiting platforms with the new 
EVP, we created a consistent message to potential candidates leading to improved 
candidate expectations.  
In the Middle East, North Africa, Turkey and India (MENATI) region, an important aspect 
of our hiring journey over the last few years has been to prioritize the hiring of local 
nationals. By building relationships with universities in the region and local partnerships, 
we have been able to grow our local national talent. In 2023, we expanded engagement 
throughout the region, exemplified by creating an Emirati youth council to attract and 
retain local nationals in the UAE. Localization efforts and nurturing talent development 
in the communities in which we operate extends beyond the MENATI region, as a key 
component of how we do business. 
IET is embedding our 
 sustainability strategy.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  35
By the NumbersWho we are

Spotlights on progress  
  E mmanuel Haastrup , Technician Mechanic, OFSE
India - Improving our candidate experience
Strategic Outcome:  Increase women and people of color representation 
Business Need: Attracting diverse digital expertise in India was an important differentiator 
against a competitive landscape. 
Impact: In India, we hosted a session for 15 women candidates alongside eight women 
leaders and senior engineers of Baker Hughes. This session focused on helping the 
candidates network with each other and the women leaders at Baker Hughes, while getting 
to know the Company. As a result of the engagement and best practices, we saw significant 
improvement in the candidate experience and a higher offer acceptance rate.
Italy and United States - Hiring in an inclusive way 
Strategic Outcome:  Best-in-class talent management and acquisition best practices   
Business Need: In 2019 the IET Talent Acquisition team identified a gap that neurodiverse 
talent had unmet needs in the hiring process while roles were going unfilled.  
Impact: In partnership with Potentia (in North America) and Specialisterne (in Italy), we 
launched an autistic designed and led program, intentionally focused on hiring neurodiverse 
talent using a strengths-based approach. Since 2020, we have hired digital and information 
technology practitioners, sustainability professionals, engineers, data scientists and data 
analysts. The program has expanded globally with the central goal of hiring neurodiverse 
talent and providing holistic support across those teams. In 2023, we have trained hiring 
managers in North America and Italy on best practices to be more inclusive and effective 
at hiring neurodiverse individuals. In addition, in North America, we developed guidelines 
that support hiring managers, buddies, mentors and extended teams in the hiring process, 
while supporting new team members for a strong onboarding experience. In Italy, we have 
successfully placed the first employee with Down syndrome into a program cohort. These 
efforts show that, by leading with a strengths-based approach and the right support, we 
enable critical business roles to be filled with skilled and diverse talent of all neurotypes.
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 10.2: By 2030, empower and promote the social, economic 
and political inclusion of all, irrespective of age, sex, disability, race, ethnicity, origin, 
religion or economic or other status. By developing and implementing our strengths-
based approach programs to ensure supportive and inclusive hiring processes, we 
enable critical business roles to be filled with skilled and diverse talent. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  36
By the NumbersWho we are

India and United States  - Recruiting women in engineering 
Strategic Outcomes:  Increase women representation; best-in-class talent management  
and acquisition best practices 
B
usiness Need: We needed to identify key skills to fill hiring plans while encouraging more 
diversity in a predominately male field.  
Impact: The Baker Hughes Talent Acquisition team held women-only hiring campaigns 
for mechanical design engineers in India and field engineers in the United States. 
These hiring events enabled us to target specialized skill sets and focus on increasing 
women representation, one of our strategic outcomes. At our women-only candidate 
events, candidates could learn more about Baker Hughes as a company and our career 
opportunities. These events showcased our focus on diversity, inclusion and equity in our 
opportunities. As a result of these campaigns, five women mechanical design engineers 
were hired in India and 21 women field engineers in the United States were made offers with a 
75% acceptance rate.
Baker Hughes proudly joins the Tent Coalition for Refugees 
Throughout 2023 our North America Talent Acquisition team has been participating in a 
refugee hiring program designed to support refugees with employment opportunities across 
Baker Hughes. These efforts led us to becoming a formal member of the Tent Partnership 
for Refugees in September 2023. Tent is a non-profit 
organization that mobilizes businesses to connect 
refugees to work through hiring, training and mentorship. 
The coalition is made up of more than 350 companies 
committed to integrating and supporting refugees. Our 
membership not only marks a significant milestone in our 
commitment to inclusive employment practices, but also 
aligns closely with our core values. 
As part of our refugee hiring program, we have placed several talented individuals in 
roles across our organization in the United States and Canada in 2023. Because of Tent’s 
international reach we have been able to further our refugee hiring strategy and are 
committed to expanding the program to other countries. 
  Si mona Cozza , Systems Engineer, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  37
By the NumbersWho we are

A commitment to help our people thrive 
Critical to our transformation is the investment in our employees and our commitment to 
help our people grow and thrive. Through delivering best-in-class talent management 
practices and supporting our employees in their learning and development, we are able to 
achieve our strategic goals. 
Talent Management 
At Baker Hughes, we believe employees own their careers. To support this, we have 
performance management practices that provide feedback and formal reviews to support 
and guide employees to reach their fullest potential. Having intentional discussions that 
enable employees to grow, learn and advance their skills are an embedded component of 
our talent management framework. 
Our process has four steps, starting with priority setting focused on identifying goals that 
contribute to our business objectives.  Having quarterly touchpoint conversations with 
managers once priorities are set gives employees a clear direction on what behaviors to 
continue and how to stay on track. In between touchpoints, employees are encouraged to 
regularly request and receive feedback from managers and other stakeholders through 
formal and informal conversations. The end-of-year touchpoint is a discussion with the 
direct manager about how the employees contributed against their priorities, behaviors to 
continue or consider for the next year and development needs for future growth. 
Having regular performance and career development conversations enables employees 
to identify ways to build key skills and talk about their career aspirations. Employees in the 
Professional Band and above (PB+) are required to complete an end-of-year touchpoint, 
of which 92.1% completed in 2023. While not all employees are required to have an end-of-
year touchpoint, we had 68.4% of all employees complete one with their manager in 2023. 
These conversations act as a catalyst for identifying career progression opportunities and 
in 2023, 4,620 open roles were filled with internal candidates.   
Talent 
Management
Learning and 
Development
Priority  
setting
Q
uarterly 
touchpoints
End of year  
touchpoint
O
ngoing 
feedback
  L t o R: Amauro Arsenio, Juliana Magalhaes , Field 
Service Engineers, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  38
By the NumbersWho we are

Spotlights on progress 
Empowering employees to grow their careers 
Strategic Outcome:  Best-in-class talent management and acquisition best practices 
Business Need: We wanted to help employees take ownership of their own career 
development.
Impact: Identifying the need to help employees take ownership of their career development 
while giving them the tools to achieve their unique career goals, the talent leaders in the 
OFSE business developed a framework that empowers employees to focus on growing 
their careers through five critical steps. Throughout the year, employees can participate in 
information sessions about career development, learn about resources for career paths and 
leverage additional resources discussed in connection to the framework. Started in 2019 in 
the OFSE business, this career development framework has since been leveraged across 
multiple functions and teams within Baker Hughes. 
Removing talent mobility barriers 
Strategic Outcome:  Best-in-class talent management and acquisition best practices
Business Need: We needed to fill open roles and create opportunities that promote career 
development opportunities for employees.
Impact: To address and fill changing roles in our OFSE and IET businesses, the talent leaders 
identified an opportunity to better align the open roles and employees that could benefit 
from a rotation. In 2023, both OFSE and IET began a talent exchange council to share 
information about development opportunities and available or potential open roles. By 
intentionally matching this information, it encouraged cross-business and cross-functional 
moves, promoting internal talent sharing and removing barriers for internal role mobility. 
“When I look back over the best 
times of my 30-year career with 
the Company, having and working 
with the best teams come first to 
mind.  Diversity is so important not 
only in terms of culture, race, gender 
but also in terms of diversity of 
thought. I’ve learned that different 
perspectives bring different 
outcomes and solutions to problems 
and also create winning teams and 
winning results. The connection 
between culture, well-being and 
general happiness at work directly 
correlates to how teams and 
businesses perform and I have found 
that the best performance comes 
from happy and diverse teams.” 
— Christina Andersen, Vice President, 
Industrial Valves and Gears
 Amerigo Giorgetti, Lab Technician, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  39
By the NumbersWho we are

Learning and development  
Our mission is to enable each employee to be the architect of their own continuous learning 
and development journey. Learning is an ongoing process that most often occurs through 
on-the-job development opportunities, but also by engaging others in social learning 
experiences (mentoring, coaching, communities of learners) and through in-person and/
or virtual-led courses. At Baker Hughes, our employees have access to more than 85,000 
on-demand training courses available in our most commonly used Learning Management 
System that can be accessed anytime, anywhere. Our employees spent on average 22 hours 
on training in 2023. Prioritizing professional development, furthering job-related skills and 
enhancing technical knowledge enables us to develop at the scale and speed needed to 
remain a leading energy technology company. 
We offer our employees a unique opportunity to learn through our award-winning 
social learning communities: CORE Values, CORE Strengths and JOURNEY. These learning 
frameworks offer collaborative, self-directed learning experiences for any employee eager 
to develop critical skills and leadership behaviors. Since launch, over 5,800+ members in 77 
countries have benefited from these opportunities, investing ~21,000 hours towards learning 
through these voluntary learning communities in 2023.  
Our formal leadership development programs (see figure 3-5) play a pivotal role in providing 
valuable educational experiences and allow us to build a skilled, diverse talent pipeline 
within our organization. We have four programs each with a format designed specifically 
to help participants take their careers and abilities to the next level. Continuing this focus in 
2023, we evaluated each of the programs and made decisions that allow for a greater overall 
learning experience.  
In 2023, we saw these programs impacted as a result of these changes in the  
following ways: 
• W e are in the process of transitioning the ASPIRE program oversight to business segment teams. 
This change will give participants more in-depth business experience, guidance and connections 
with direct business leaders. While the program was under evaluation, we hired smaller cohorts. 
The number of participants in ASPIRE decreased by 14.3%.  
•
 C
ULTIVATE remains a program designed specifically to develop the employee population that 
identify as women. In 2022, we increased program size by 48% but in 2023 we made the strategic 
decision to go back to the size of cohorts in prior years to ensure the best overall learning 
experience for the participants. The number of participants in CULTIVATE decreased by 46.6%.   
•
 O
verall having similar cohort sizes, IMPACT had a slight increase from 32 participants in 2022 to 36 
participants in 2023. The number of participants in IMPACT increased by 12.5%.
•
 A
SCEND is a rotational pilot  program for veterans transitioning to civilian life. The program grew 
from four to six participants in 2023. This program is intended to be sunsetted in 2024.
  S teve Xiong , Electronic Tech, OFSE
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  40
By the NumbersWho we are

C hris Wilson , Test Technician, OFSE
Spotlights on progress 
Building leadership capabilities inside our OFSE business
Strategic Outcome:  Best-in-class talent management and acquisition best practices   
Business Need: People leadership skills are a critical enabler of business success. Investing 
in the professional development of leadership skills equips people leaders to make better 
informed decisions. 
Impact: Seeing the desire from employees to provide tailored leadership development, the 
OFSE talent team revitalized a leadership academy to build skills in leadership, financials, 
strategic thinking, emotional intelligence and project management. In 2023, approximately 
1,570 employees received over 45,000 hours of face-to-face training in seven different 
regions enabling critical skill development.  
Investing in a new training facility in Italy 
Strategic Outcomes:  Best-in-class talent management and acquisition best practices; 
achieve top quartile inclusion index rating annually  
Business Need: We aim to provide a top-tier learning experience that is sustainable, 
accessible and inclusive to all internal and external stakeholders participating in our learning 
programs.  
Impact: We invested in the latest equipment and tools aligned with our strategic focus on 
emerging technologies, sustainability and inclusion. Our new training facility is nearly 100% 
self-sustaining from an energy perspective, leveraging photovoltaic panels, heat pumps 
and smart lighting systems. Through a “Design for All” approach, we collaborated with four 
associations representing diverse abilities ensuring an accessible and inclusive campus, 
implementing gender-neutral restrooms to high-contrast signage and tactile pavements. 
The academy will house an All-Inclusive Room designed to provide an immersive DEI 
experience across multiple dimensions. Our goals with the facility are three-fold: 
• P rovide 850+ field service engineers (FSEs) with dedicated career paths, enhancing talent 
attraction and retention.  
•
 E
xpand technical training to include soft skills, scenario playing and project management 
preparing our FSEs holistically while facing our customers.  
•
 E
xtend structured paths of technical training to other roles, such as project managers, sales  
and commercial operations as they serve new energy transition technologies. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  41
By the NumbersWho we are

Nominated employees Female talent Veterans leadershipEarly career
Figure 3-5: Leadership development programs data
401 
Employees in Leadership 
Development Programs
257
ASPIRE  
program
102
CULTIVATE  
program
36
IMPACT  
program
6
ASCEND  
program
ASPIRE is our early career 
development program, 
focused on accelerating 
the careers of recent 
graduates and entry 
level professionals over 
a two-year period, 
including three rotations. 
The program has a global 
footprint with various 
functional tracks.
IMPACT is a two to three 
year rotational program 
for top-performing, 
mid-career employees. 
Participants accelerate 
both business depth and 
leadership competencies 
through global cross-
functional assignments 
and tailored learning and 
coaching.
CULTIVATE is a 12-month 
program dedicated to 
high potential women 
designed to foster 
the development of 
leadership skills through 
tailored experiences 
and senior one-on-one 
mentorship.
ASCEND is a two-year 
rotational program for 
highly qualified junior 
military officers, who are 
transitioning from active 
duty to their first civilian 
jobs. Program members 
will complete rotations 
across select functional 
tracks and business 
segments, while receiving 
tailored learning and 
coaching.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  42
By the NumbersWho we are

Delivering total rewards for employees 
Our goal is to deliver consistency and rigor in our total rewards strategies that are tailored 
to more than 85 countries where we operate. This requires executing on these programs 
with excellence by standardizing and maintaining benefits benchmarking required to keep 
up with both regulatory as well as market conditions. We also ensure that our total rewards 
strategies complement the talent management approaches to enable retention and 
incentivize performance and behaviors. This underpins our ability to achieve some of our 
strategic outcomes. 
Competitive 
compensation  
and benefits 
We believe that fair compensation and 
benefit programs are crucial to the 
success of any organization. We offer 
our employees total rewards packages 
tailored for each country and regularly 
conduct detailed wage and benefit 
analysis to inform the design of our 
programs globally. We conduct gender, 
race and ethnicity pay equity reviews 
as part of our annual processes in the 
United States and adjust accordingly. 
We actively manage and review over 
220 Company-sponsored healthcare, 
life and disability programs globally to 
ensure that they are competitive and 
add value to our employees. We have 
expanded our medical and life insurance 
benefit offerings, and these core benefits 
are now available in approximately 70 
countries, covering more than 80% of our 
employees. We also offer, where feasible, 
additional flexible benefits promoting 
physical, emotional and financial well-
being. Read more about our well-being 
strategy in the Principles section. 
We work to ensure the competitiveness 
and alignment of our total reward 
programs in each market through 
regular and robust benchmarking cycles 
that are actively managed against 
market peers. These types of analyses 
are the bedrock of our approach to 
data-driven decision making.
We invite you to watch one of our sessions from Mental Health Awareness Week 2023.
Keeping Bodies and Minds Safe
Listen to Kasia Curry, Baker Hughes Global Well-Being Leader; Diana 
Lopez Andrade, Baker Hughes Vice President of HSE and Service Delivery; 
and Dr. Rodriguez from International SOS discuss how to keep well in this 
demanding industry. 
Total rewards
compensation
recognition  
awards
country 
benefits
career 
development
bonus
work-life 
balance
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  43
By the NumbersWho we are

Career transitions 
Jobs must sometimes change or be 
reduced to meet the needs of our 
customers, shareholders and our dynamic 
business environment. In the unavoidable 
event of involuntary workforce 
reductions, we comply with local laws and 
requirements regarding notice periods, 
engagement with works councils and 
other processes. We provide severance 
payments that meet or exceed local 
requirements and offer outplacement 
assistance and services in many locations. 
We employ forward-looking strategic 
workforce planning to anticipate workforce 
changes and attempt to redeploy or 
retrain employees where possible. 
Spotlights on progress 
Deploying our Global Parental Leave policy of a minimum 18 weeks  
for primary parent 
Strategic Outcomes:  Increase women and people of color representation; retention parity  
of under-represented groups 
B
usiness Need: Working across several geographies requires us to take into consideration 
many aspects of our total reward strategies. Not all countries we operate in offer fully paid 
time off for new parents. Our commitment to offering inclusive time off policies led us to 
the decision to establish a global parental leave policy paid at full base pay regardless of 
gender identity in 2022. 
Impact: We approved a minimum parental leave of 18 weeks for a primary parent and two 
weeks for a secondary parent at full base pay in all countries where we have employees 
in 2022. In 2023 we began the phased implementation of our Global Parental Leave 
policy and the systems to enable those policies. As of the end of 2023, we had completed 
implementation in 42 countries, providing new coverage to more than 50% of employees. 
These expanded global coverage and leave benefits improved protections and ease of 
utilization for our employees at a pivotal moment in their lives.
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 3.1: By 2030, reduce the global maternal mortality ratio 
to less than 70 per 100,000 live births. Our Global Parental Leave Policy has expanded 
parental leave coverage paid at full base pay in all countries where we have employees, 
promoting employees to take time off while being compensated. 
In support of UN SDG target 5.c: Adopt and strengthen sound policies and enforceable 
l
egislation for the promotion of gender equality and the empowerment of all women 
and girls at all levels. Our Global Parental Leave Policy grants a minimum of 18 weeks of 
parental leave for the primary parent regardless of gender identity. By removing gender 
identity as the determining factor of parental leave, we are enabling a more gender 
equitable process.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  44
By the NumbersWho we are

Global benefit offerings:
• H ealthcare plans and life insurance 
are a core benefit and are provided 
in most locations globally. 
•
 O
ur Employee Assistance 
Program (EAP) provides impartial 
professional advice for complex life 
situations globally. 
•
 F
itness reimbursement program 
to support health and wellness at 
most of our locations. 
•
 V
arious leave-of-absence options 
help employees achieve higher 
quality-of-life needs, including 
paid global parental leave 
regardless of gender, family care 
and vacation.  
•
 P
ersonal Illness and Personal 
Business Leave for non-exempt 
and Permissive Leave for exempt 
employees in United States. 
•
 F
or new mothers in the United 
States, we provide onsite mother’s 
rooms at many sites. 
•
 W
e encourage employees to 
explore ways to better balance 
work and personal life through 
arrangements such as flexible 
schedules, compressed work 
weeks, hybrid work, remote work
 
 a
nd other options.  
•
 E
mployee stock programs and 
retirement saving plans are 
available in most locations globally. 
•
 F
inancial assistance to employees 
pursuing formal education is 
available through the Tuition 
Reimbursement Program.  
•
 F
inancial support is available for 
employees in the United States who 
adopt a child. 
Prioritizing time to focus on mental well-being, Mental Health Awareness Week 
Strategic Outcome:  Retention parity of under-represented groups  
Business Need: To raise awareness of mental health issues globally, we held a week of global 
events with leading experts so that employees can take action to prioritize mental well-being.
Impact: In observance of World Mental Health Day, Baker Hughes employees globally 
participated in events with internal colleagues and external experts in support of the theme 
‘Mental health is a universal human right’ to encourage conversations on mental well-being 
both in the workplace and at home. The week included relevant topics and resources, including 
battling burnout and creating a resilient mindset, as well as hearing from other employees 
on their stories in overcoming challenges. The week was also an opportunity to highlight 
the impact mental strength has on workplace safety, with sessions such as ‘Time 2 Refocus’ 
discussing the importance and techniques for situational awareness. The connection to 
safety and well-being is the start of the collaborative project between HR and HSE addressing 
psychosocial risk (ISO 45003).
Connecting employees to benefits information online 
Strategic Outcome:  Best-in-class talent management and acquisition practices   
Business Need: We needed to provide our employees with readily available access to a 
centralized platform for streamlined benefits transactions and that ensures transparency, 
clarity and a user-friendly experience.  
I
mpact: We implemented our digital benefits platform for an additional 4,800 employees 
across seven countries (Hungary, Malaysia, UAE, Oman, Qatar, Kuwait and Bahrain). This was 
an expansion on our existing solutions in United States, Canada and the United Kingdom. As 
a result, approximately 40% of our employees globally now have digitally-enabled benefits 
communication and delivery making it easier to access their benefits information on demand.
 Nicoletta Fiore , Senior Engineer, Mechanical, 
Disciplinary Engineering and Science, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  45
By the NumbersWho we are

Committing to progress on DEI 
Our steadfast commitment to DEI is not merely part of an effective strategy—it is 
fundamentally critical to our success.
We are confident that the diversity of our people and an unyielding focus on an inclusive 
culture position us well to continue to drive innovation, operational effectiveness and 
strong financial performance as we move through the energy transition. In this section, 
you will read about the progress we have made.
Equipping employees to live and lead inclusively
At Baker Hughes, we value DEI as a cornerstone of our success. Every day, we strive to 
create an inclusive workplace that celebrates the uniqueness of everyone. Progress 
against our DEI strategic goals continues to evolve and we recognize that effort is 
needed to ingrain DEI as part of our cultural transformation.  
Our inclusion index, established in 2022, scored 70.0% in 2023. This index measures how 
well employees feel valued, their sense of belonging, the extent they feel they can be 
themselves and how well they feel they are treated. Our culture index, established in 
2023, received a score of 66.0%. This measures to what extent employees feel they can 
take risks without the fear of negative consequences, how comfortable they are with 
our organization’s culture, how well their supervisor helps them to adapt to change 
and to what degree they are encouraged to share innovative and creative ideas. As we 
continue to transform for growth, we are evaluating the frequency of these indices to 
ensure we remain focused on the correct actions. 
YOY data at a glance:
15.5% workforce 
participates in an 
employee resource group 
(ERG), a 12.2%  increase 
YOY (8,099 members to 
9,085 members) 
*Diverse supplier and  
small business spend of 
$410 million (Tier 1 and 
Tier 2 combined)
•
 $379 million  
in Tier 1 spend
•
 $31 million  
in Tier 2 spend
Diversity
The unique 
attributes 
we bring as 
individuals
Equity
Ensuring fair 
treatment and 
access to opportunity 
to maximize an 
individual’s potential
Inclusion
How we value 
difference, respect 
and interact with 
each other
Culture
The set of shared 
attitudes, values, 
goals and practices 
that characterizes 
an institution or 
organization
How we define diversity, equity, inclusion and culture:
*We track many other metrics in connection with the 
objective of progressing DEI that can be reviewed in 
the Performance Index.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  46
By the NumbersWho we are

L uis Vargas,  Shop Operator, IET
We implemented strategic initiatives 
throughout 2023 that will set us up for 
steady progress, including:  
• F urther developing our Inclusive 
Leadership model (established in 2022), 
an Inclusive Leadership learning track 
was introduced in 2023. Participants 
earn completion badges for engaging in 
sessions for Inclusive Leadership, Cultural 
Intelligence and Unconscious Bias, as well 
as delivering on what they have learned. 
Read more in our spotlights on progress. 
•
 L
aunched the Canada Indigenous 
knowledge center and supplier diversity 
knowledge center, expanding employees’ 
access to readily available information. 
•
 H
osted sessions to enhance awareness, 
promote support for transgender and 
non-binary persons within the workplace 
and ensure equality for all individuals, 
regardless of gender identity.  
•
 L
aunched a Culture and Inclusion Council 
comprised of enterprise leaders to 
ensure our organization lives our values, 
models behaviors consistently and drives 
progress on cultivating a ‘culture of 
performance’ and a ‘culture of inclusion.’ 
Spotlight on progress 
Developing the skills to lead inclusively 
Strategic Outcome:  Achieve top quartile inclusion index rating annually   
Business Need: Giving employees the skills to lead inclusively requires continuous, active 
learning at all levels of the organization. 
Impact: In partnership with our Learning and Development team, the DEI team launched 
three new courses on Leading Inclusively, Cultural Intelligence and Unconscious Bias. They 
conducted 32 sessions globally to equip employees with the tools that are essential for 
an inclusive culture. Inclusive leadership shapes the employee experience and workplace 
culture, creates spaces where employees can bring their authentic selves to work, 
encourages voicing opinions, invites different perspectives and supports well-being.  
Supporting UN SDG: 
In support of UN SDG target 10.3: Ensure equal opportunity and reduce inequalities of 
outcome by eliminating discriminatory laws, policies and practices and promoting 
appropriate legislation, policies and action. In this regard, we are actively building an 
inclusive culture through our Inclusive Leadership framework. All employees globally are 
able to take the three new courses launched in 2023 to build the tools necessary for an 
inclusive culture.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  47
By the NumbersWho we are

Bringing DEI to the forefront with a dedicated week of events    
Strategic Outcome:  Achieve top quartile inclusion index rating annually  
Business Need: Spending dedicated time to focus on DEI priorities gives employees the 
opportunity to drive an inclusive culture.
Impact: Employees in the Europe, North Sea and Caspian (ENSC) region highlighted our 
efforts as part of a dedicated DEI week. A series of virtual and in-person events were 
organized by volunteers throughout the region, including: 1) a customer panel session 
featuring representatives from Equinor, TotalEnergies and Shell discussing how they are 
driving DEI in their own organizations; 2) In-region ERGs hosted several sessions focused on 
prominent issues including inclusive leadership, supplier diversity and mental health; and 
3) People leader training on supporting new parents returning to the workplace from The 
Parenting Tribe employee group. With over 900 virtual attendees participating in the opening 
event, the week promoted the region’s initiatives, providing information on how to volunteer 
and creating thought-provoking conversations about the many aspects of DEI.
Introducing The Parenting Tribe, a new employee group     
Strategic Outcome:  Achieve top quartile inclusion index rating annually  
Business Need: Working parents face unique situations while trying to navigate work-life 
balance, mental well-being and other challenges. Employee communities bring together 
colleagues to share information, ideas and experiences while providing a sense of 
connection and community.  
Impact: In 2023, we launched The Parenting Tribe, a community of working parents who 
want to support each other. The group hosts monthly sessions, allowing members to engage 
on parent-related topics and share local resources. The mission of The Parenting Tribe is 
to ensure no parent feels alone as they navigate work-life balance within Baker Hughes. 
These employee groups further our commitment to an inclusive workplace and ensure all 
employees have a community. Read a story on the impact of The Parenting Tribe below. 
 — Abdou Beloucif, OFSE ENSC  
Vice President on the ENSC event
Watch this ENSC DEI Week Video
“It was fantastic to see so 
many of our employees 
getting involved and 
supporting the events. As 
a team, we are committed 
to supporting DEI, and we 
look forward to building on 
this week, sharing more 
of our employees’ stories, 
celebrating our successes 
and continuing to drive 
an inclusive culture in our 
region.” 
Adaptability
Curiosity
Vulnerability
Self Aw
areness
CommitmentCultural Intelligence
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  48
By the NumbersWho we are

How employee groups make a difference,  
The Parenting Tribe Story
How did it come about? 
The Parenting Tribe was created by relatively new parents at the time, each of whom 
experienced their own challenges in returning to work after parental leave.  Rhea 
Young, a Pressure Pumping Regional Manager in Aberdeen, Stephanie Leckie, a 
Proposals Specialist in Aberdeen and Sophie August, a Learning Community Leader 
in Norway, supported each other during and after this transition period. Through 
sharing experiences and resources, it became clear that peer-to-peer support for 
working parents is a key success factor in balancing work and family life. 
In June 2023, they created The Parenting Tribe community to offer other new parents 
the same support and sense of community. Since the launch, The Parenting Tribe 
has grown into a global safe space for people to share, connect and support each 
other’s well-being. 
Hearing from a member  
“The Parenting Tribe is our psychologically safe place to share, interact and learn 
alongside fellow Baker Hughes employees. Here, we celebrate our diversity and 
create a space for fellow parents to be heard. As parents, we feel we all have our 
‘unique’ challenges until we share them with others and realize that many of our 
colleagues probably have — or are going through — similar challenges. In this group, 
I have the opportunity to share my experiences, my struggles, my successes and my 
learnings as a parent of a child of determination (special needs), knowing that my 
colleagues are listening to me with compassion and hope.”
— Abdul Mujeer Shaikh , Senior Business Development Manager, United Arab Emirates
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  49
By the NumbersWho we are

T op L to R: Elvira Giubbolini, Angelo Donato,  
Amalia Pagliuca, Bottom L to R: Giulia Contran, 
Matilde Acheo, Manuela Tonti,  Engineering 
and Technology - Materials and Processes 
Engineering, IET
Celebrating our employee groups and their impact
At Baker Hughes, we believe all employees should feel valued, involved and respected for the 
viewpoints, ideas, perspectives and experiences they bring. While traditional ERGs remain a 
foundational aspect of our inclusion and engagement efforts, we identified an opportunity 
to complement our ERGs with less formal community of interest (COI) groups to further the 
opportunity to provide community, connection and a safe space for employees. 
Our eight ERGs have a formal leadership structure and offer many opportunities for 
professional growth and development throughout the year. In 2023, total ERG membership 
increased by 12.2% from the prior year with 9,085 employees participating at least one group. 
This represents 15.5% of our workforce participating in an ERG. This increased membership is 
related to a strong awareness campaign and membership drive in 2023.  
In addition, our COIs are formed by employees to share information and best practices on 
a topic. We currently have five COIs that enable employees to collaborate with like-minded 
colleagues through more informal engagement, furthering our goals of inclusion and 
community.  
COIs
ERGs
Figure 3-7: Employee resource groups Figure 3-8: Employee communities of interest 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  50
By the NumbersWho we are

Progressing our diverse supplier program
Baker Hughes has identified supplier diversity as a strategic objective in our DEI strategic 
framework, as well as the tracking of our diverse supplier spend as one of our sustainability 
strategic outcomes. The primary objective is to support and build strong partnerships with 
a diverse array of local and global suppliers that share our values. We believe that having 
an effective supplier diversity program provides a competitive advantage by allowing us 
to attract and retain key supplier and client relationships. 
Throughout 2023, we prioritized data reliability by reviewing and ensuring that all suppliers 
had the appropriate verification and support to substantiate their status as a diverse 
supplier. Through increased governance, process improvements and a newly-established 
semi-annual review process, we are able to ensure consistent data management and 
provide accurate, reliable tracking of our suppliers’ diversity status.  
“I’m proud of Baker Hughes 
for prioritizing supplier 
diversity and continuously 
seeking to conduct business 
with minority-owned 
businesses.”
— Lynn Buckley, Supplier Diversity and 
Business Development Sourcing leader
  L t o R: Aaronica Patterson, Lead Engineer 
Chemicals, OFSE | Marissa Dickerson,  Product 
Performance Engineer, OFSE
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  51
By the NumbersWho we are

“As a woman and minority-
owned sales tax advisory 
practice, our partnership 
with Baker Hughes and the 
support we’ve received 
highlights the importance 
of having dedicated 
advocates within corporate 
structures who champion 
diverse firms and actively 
create environments 
conducive to the success 
of small businesses, 
creating a ripple effect 
that positively impacts the 
entire business ecosystem.”
— Chanel Christoff Davis, Founder and 
CEO, Davis Davis & Harmon LLC
Spotlights on progress 
Investing approximately $50 million in Unity Bank, Texas’ sole Black-owned  
banking institution 
Strategic Outcome:  Track spend with diverse suppliers   
Business Need: We aim to enable diverse suppliers through purchases and community 
support.  
Impact: In 2023, Baker Hughes announced an approximately $50 million investment in 
support of Minority Depository Institutions to help promote the growth of Black-, Hispanic- 
and Latino-owned small businesses.  With our corporate headquarters in Houston, Texas, 
we are proud to support Unity National Bank of Houston, the only Black-owned banking 
institution in Texas as part of our commitment to increase supplier diversity and create 
lasting and sustainable change. This investment will enable Unity Bank to increase its 
offerings and drive meaningful impact within the communities it serves. Read more here .
  L t o R: Deon Harmon | Chanel Christoff 
Davis | Terrell Davis | Davis Davis & 
Harmon LLC - Sales Tax Experts
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  52
By the NumbersWho we are

“As a global energy 
technology company, 
we recognize that 
partnering with diverse 
suppliers is one of the 
ways we can support 
the local communities 
where we live and 
work. We believe that 
supporting diverse 
teams and suppliers 
gives us a competitive 
edge and allows us to 
provide differentiated 
solutions to energy and 
industrial customers 
worldwide. Baker 
Hughes’ Supplier 
Diversity program is fully 
endorsed and supported 
by our executive 
leadership team.”
— Lorenzo Simonelli, Chairman and CEO
Grants to support supplier diversity around the world 
Strategic Outcomes:  Track spend with diverse suppliers; track spend to support global 
communities  
Business Need: We are committed to becoming an industry leader with a diverse and 
inclusive supply chain that creates value for our customers and is reflective of the 
communities in which we operate. Ensuring a diverse supply chain results in more resilient 
communities and stronger business solutions.  
Impact: In partnership with the Baker Hughes Foundation, we announced two grants focused 
on supplier diversity: a $75,000 grant to Houston Minority Supplier Development Council 
(HMSDC) and a $100,000 grant to WEConnect International. The HMSCD grant will support 
the implementation of a training program to help entrepreneurs in the Houston area build 
the skills necessary to grow their business so companies like Baker Hughes are aware of 
them and use them as suppliers. WEConnect International is a global network that connects 
women-owned businesses to companies like Baker Hughes and other qualified buyers 
around the world. The grant will help them expand their reach and grow their network of 
women-owned businesses. 
Expanding our Supplier Diversity Champions base     
Strategic Outcome:  Track spend with diverse suppliers   
Business Need: We promote and encourage the utilization of qualified diverse suppliers and 
small businesses. This increases competition in the supplier base and ultimately enables 
innovation and competitive advantage. 
Impact: Our Supplier Diversity Program hosted three Supplier Diversity Days to spread 
awareness, engage with employees and educate them on the steps we have embedded 
within our supply chain process to identify the use of diverse suppliers and small businesses. 
This knowledge empowers employees to be champions for our Supplier Diversity Program 
and promote utilization of these suppliers. These champions often participate at supplier 
diversity events that enable us to further expand our diverse supplier partners, act as key 
information partners and promote our culture of inclusion. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  53
By the NumbersWho we are

Engaging with communities  
in which we live and work 
We believe in contributing to the communities  
where we live and work by sharing our time,  
talent and resources. 
We are connecting globally and locally in new ways to drive scale and speed on solutions 
to humanity’s biggest challenges. We give back through a variety of ways, including 
the Baker Hughes Foundation grants, corporate in-kind contributions and our culture of 
volunteerism. In 2023, we more closely engaged our employees to identify the causes and 
organizations important to them. Our employees spent more time volunteering in their 
communities, including direct leadership engagement across multiple geographies. In this 
section, you will read about the progress we have made.
YOY data at a glance:
*Total community 
contributions of  
$64 million dollars
Increase of 43.7% in 
volunteer hours (27,181 
hours to 39,064 hours)  
*Refer to Table 3-1 on page 55 for a more detailed 
breakdown of community contributions.
  L t o R: Mulu Woldeyohannes Hailu , Engineering 
Manager Shop Operator, OFSE | Gerald Otoide , 
Lead Engineer, OFSE | Himali Devani , Lead 
Engineer, OFSE
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  54
By the NumbersWho we are

L t o R: Kristi Franks, Materials Planner, OFSE |  
Paul Stinson, Materials Planner, OFSE | Dustin Abel , 
Production Manager, OFSE
Supporting causes and nonprofit organizations 
through Baker Hughes Foundation 
One part of our community strategy is to give not just our time, but also infuse communities 
with monetary contributions when and where needed. For over 25 years, the Baker Hughes 
Foundation has been focused on meaningful community impact through giving grants to 
registered charities, matching employee contributions and awarding outstanding employee 
community service.
In 2023, we established a grant sounding board to help review the charitable organizations 
that will receive the strategic grants. The sounding board is an additional strategic step 
which adds to the already-sound process of the Board of Trustees review procedures. This 
board is comprised of five senior executives within the Company. By having this robust and 
multi-leveled approach, we are able to ensure a repeatable process for reviewing and 
approving grants. Throughout the year, $2.4 million was pledged and contributed in strategic 
grants through the Baker Hughes Foundation in order to advance the Foundation’s focus 
areas of 1) Environmental quality and progress; 2) DEI, education and opportunity and 3) 
Health, safety, wellness and disaster relief around the world.
Overall, program communications raised awareness and drove the YourCause platform 
adoption, resulting in increased employee-matched financial contributions made by the 
Foundation as well as increased direct strategic grants in 2023. Our overall total charitable 
contributions decreased 15% from 2022 due to a decrease of in-kind contributions. This is 
anticipated to continue as we shift our strategic focus on the direct impact we can make to 
our communities through our Baker Hughes Foundation grants and employee volunteerism. 
2021 2022 2023
Employee-matched contributions made 
by the Baker Hughes Foundation
$ 669,215 756,121 855,067
Baker Hughes Foundation financial 
contributions
$ 2,578,208 1,992,500 2,427,500
Company in-kind contributions $ 41,967,750 72,524,166 60,411,843
Total charitable pledges and  
contributions
$ 45,215,173 75,272,787 63,694,410
Table 3-1: Year-over-Year Community Contributions
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  55
By the NumbersWho we are

Spotlights on progress 
We’ve funded one million trees to be planted in support of global reforestation 
Strategic Outcome:  Invest to support global communities   
Business Need: We partner with non-profits to advance environmental quality outcomes, 
such as supporting global reforestation and promoting biodiversity efforts globally. 
Impact: By issuing our third grant to One Tree Planted, it enabled the non-profit organization 
to achieve a total of 1 million trees planted across 17 countries from the Foundation’s 
contributions. In 2021, the grant helped plant 268,000 trees; in 2022, 350,000 trees were 
planted. The 2023 award will promote global reforestation efforts, in the amount of 382,000 
trees, in several areas where Baker Hughes conducts business: the Andes region of South 
America, British Columbia in Canada, China, France, Germany, Scotland, Texas in United 
States and Italy. Read more here. 
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 15.2: By 2020, promote the implementation of sustainable 
management of all types of forests, halt deforestation, restore degraded forests and 
substantially increase afforestation and reforestation globally. The Baker Hughes 
Foundation donated three grants from 2021-2023 which helped One Tree Planted in 
global reforestation efforts.
Donations to employee-nominated charities 
Strategic Outcome:  Invest to support global communities   
Business Need: We engage employees to help identify the causes most impactful to their 
local communities. 
Impact: The Baker Hughes Foundation teamed up with our eight ERGs again to identify which 
nonprofit organizations (NPOs) would be the recipients of $750,000. While this is the third-
consecutive year the ERGs have nominated NPOs, this year represents a ~275% increase in 
the amount that was given to nominated charities. ERGs have built strong partnerships with 
many nonprofits across the globe to drive social change for some of the world’s toughest 
challenges. Collectively, these grants will support an array of causes in North America, 
Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, United Kingdom and sub-Saharan Africa. ERGs are one of 
the many ways we are able to cultivate an inclusive culture and address the diverse needs 
within communities. Read more here . 
Supporting global 
communities 
through 
volunteerism
When our employees volunteer their 
time and energy in their communities, 
they are putting ‘Care’ 
 — o
ne of our 
core values — into action. In 2023, we 
focused on expanding and establishing 
volunteering networks globally. 
These volunteer networks leverage 
champions to establish a regular 
cadence for connecting employees 
with volunteering opportunities in the 
local area. As a result, volunteer hours 
were 43.7% higher year over year.  
The Baker Hughes Foundation enables 
employees to amplify their impact 
to communities through the Baker 
Hughes matching gift and volunteer 
grant policy. This means employees 
are eligible for volunteer grants up to 
$500 annually and eligible charities 
will be matched dollar-for-dollar 
up to $5,000 per year per employee, 
following all policy guidelines. In 2023, 
we worked to integrate our Matching 
Gift and Volunteer Grant policy in 
preboarding tools for prospective grant 
candidates with a plan to integrate 
into each country-level benefits 
websites over the next three years to 
help spread awareness and maximize 
utilization of this benefit and a culture 
of volunteerism.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  56
By the NumbersWho we are

In just 66 days,  
907 employees  
from 17 teams, spanning 
locations from China 
and Malaysia, covering 
200,000 kilometers, 
donated 320 million 
steps, successfully raising 
120,000 RMB, which is 
almost $17,000.
Spotlights of volunteerism:
Volunteers fundraise and donate 100 desks and chairs for schools  
in Bonny Island, Nigeria  
Strategic Outcome:  YOY increase in employee volunteer hours   
Community Need: During an outreach visit, a Baker Hughes team observed that  
pupils were sitting on the bare floor to learn in their classroom. Given the importance of 
c
onducive learning environments on good education and our belief to support communities, 
we took action. 
Impact: The employee team organized a charity golf tournament with over 50 golfers from 
the Bonny Island neighborhood. Proceeds were used to purchase 100 classroom desks and 
chairs for two community elementary schools in Bonny Island, Nigeria. Exemplifying care, we 
also prioritize the health and well-being of our people in the communities where we live and 
operate. 
Employees donated 320 million steps and raised 120,000 RMB in Beijing, China   
Strategic Outcome:  YOY increase in employee volunteer hours   
Community Need: Baker Hughes China’s commitment to corporate citizenship shines 
through in our 2023 volunteer campaign. Five impactful volunteer events took place in 2023, 
with a special emphasis on our collaboration with Beijing Daxing Hope School. 
Impact: One of the five events took place on World Earth Day, where Baker Hughes China 
launched the second “Walk for Love” online walk donation campaign, rallying employees 
to contribute steps towards building new toilets for the Beijing Daxing Hope School. The 
school serves migrant children in Beijing. In 66 days, 907 employees from 17 teams spanning 
locations from China and Malaysia donated 320 million steps, covering 200,000 kilometers 
and successfully raising 120,000 RMB (~$17,000 USD). The team recorded 6,200 volunteer 
hours, the highest number of hours logged globally for one campaign. 
Turning plastic waste into funding for cancer patients in Ciudad del Carmen, Mexico    
Strategic Outcome:  YOY increase in employee volunteer hours   
Community Need: Local employees organized a local beach cleanup, where volunteers 
prevented debris from reaching oceans and aquatic ecosystems.  
Impact: The volunteering activity was part of an initiative organized by our Talent Acquisition 
team with 59 students from local universities. An additional 22 Baker Hughes interns 
volunteered for this initiative, mobilizing a total of 78 people for this cleanup. They collected 
32 kilos of waste from a local beach and separated the plastic to be donated to a local 
organization, Fundación AYABS, which will sell the plastics and then donate the proceeds 
to their Cancer Patients Fund. This event not only helped clean up a local beach but 
transformed the waste into support for childhood cancer research. 
In support of UN SDG 
target 4.a: Build and 
upgrade education 
facilities that are 
child, disability and 
gender-sensitive and 
provide safe, non-violent, inclusive and 
effective learning environments for all. 
The volunteers used funds raised to help 
upgrade the learning environment for the 
children at two local elementary schools in 
Bonny Island, Nigeria.
Supporting UN SDGs: 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  57
By the NumbersWho we are

Employees have donated hundreds 
of hours, facilitating 45,960 meals 
to the local community through the 
Houston Food Bank.
Volunteers cleaned up a garden 
area used to meet sensory needs 
and provide a supportive learning 
environment for children at The 
Ravenswood School in Nailsea, 
UK who have been determined to 
have complex and severe learning 
difficulties resulting in unique needs.
Baker Hughes China’s 2023 “Act for 
A Better Future” volunteer campaign 
marked a tremendous success, securing 
two awards. With a focus on supporting 
migrant rural and urban children by 
online teaching, campus construction and 
material donations. Notably, almost half 
of our Baker Hughes China workforce — 
nearly 950 individuals — participated in 
these events.
Volunteers cleaned up a local 
beach and separated the plastic to 
be donated to a local organization, 
Fundación AYABS, which sells the 
plastic and donates the funds to 
support children being treated for 
cancer.
Baker Hughes employees, including 
CEO Lorenzo Simonelli, came together 
during COP28 to spend time with 
special needs children and give back 
to the community through Senses 
Center, a local non-profit in Dubai 
dedicated to improving the lives of 
people and catering to special needs, 
orphaned and abandoned children.
28 volunteers helped reforestation 
efforts in Florence, Italy by planting 125 
trees across 11 species in partnership 
with Soul food Forestforms, an 
environmental non-profit focused on 
reforestation.
Teams organized a charity golf 
tournament with over 50 golfers 
from the Bonny Island neighborhood. 
Proceeds were used to purchase 100 
classroom desks and chairs for two 
community elementary schools in 
Bonny Island, Nigeria.
Map of volunteerism events that show impact
Figure 3-9: Map illustration of some global volunteer events in 2023 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  58
By the NumbersWho we are

Embedding sustainability as 
everyone’s responsibility 
Driving change towards sustainable energy development requires a sustainability mindset 
across all employees. Through specific efforts geared at embedding habits of sustainability 
across our businesses and functions, our people help us take energy forward, delivering our 
strategy — for people and the planet. In this section, you will read about the progress we 
have made.
Sustainability is not new at Baker Hughes, as we have published a corporate responsibility 
report since 2018. With the external publication of our sustainability strategy in May 2023, we 
focused on deepening the understanding of our sustainability goals across our employee 
base. Through the implementation of a company-wide engagement plan, we have focused 
on a streamlined and consistent approach to talking about our sustainability strategy.  
In order to make progress on this strategic objective, we set out three main goals when 
creating and implementing the engagement plan:
01 
Embedding sustainability as part of the core activities all employees prioritize day-to-day, 
along with HSE, quality, ethics and diversity and inclusion
02 
Increasing awareness of our sustainability strategy goals and how we are approaching 
implementation
03 
Strengthening the value proposition of our sustainability strategy for Baker Hughes and our 
key stakeholders
Data at a glance:
1,114 members  
in Renew community 
of interest group as of 
December 2023  
1,252 trainings  
completed of new 
sustainability modules 
launched  
  B ill Izekor Nosa , Shop Operator, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  59
By the NumbersWho we are

Spotlights on progress 
Growing sustainability skills with three new sustainability training modules 
Strategic Outcome:  Company-wide plan aimed at driving habits of sustainability     
Business Need: The launch of the strategy in May 2023 combined with a growing request for 
training brought to light the need to build basic capabilities on sustainability topics for all 
employees. 
  
Impact: In a phased approach throughout 2023, the Sustainability team launched three 
new trainings to equip all employees with the knowledge and skills needed to grow their 
understanding in sustainability. These quick, high-level modules are a self-guided and 
self-paced training that can be completed in no particular order. At the end of 2023, 
~1,252 employees had already completed at least one of the three modules showing the 
commitment to developing sustainability capabilities of our employees.   
Launched CORE Strengths Sustainability learning path   
Strategic Outcome:  Company-wide plan aimed at driving habits of sustainability   
Business Need: Learning requires continuous effort and engagement. To fully embed 
sustainability, we needed a learning path to enable true development.
Impact: In October 2023, we launched the Sustainability learning path to give employees 
access to additional curated content to develop their sustainability capabilities. This learning 
path is based on a three-prong approach of employees learning, engaging and applying 
their knowledge through an activity of their choosing, such as leading a team discussion 
or delivering a project. When an employee successfully completes the learning path 
requirements, they are awarded a virtual badge that can be shared externally on LinkedIn 
in recognition of their effort. This learning path content is continuously being refreshed 
and allows employees an opportunity for specially curated online learning sessions on 
sustainability, deep dives with sustainability experts on topics, discussion with peers and to 
apply what they learn.
Engaging employees through speaker series sustainability topics  
Strategic Outcome:  Company-wide plan aimed at driving habits of sustainability     
Business Need: We utilize our existing stakeholder partnerships to bring relevant insights 
directly to employees. By doing so, employees can identify ways to make an impact in  
their roles. 
I
mpact: The Let’s Talk Sustainability speaker series provides insights and enhances 
knowledge sharing by presenting a diverse offering of content from internal and external 
subject matter experts. Of the four sessions hosted in 2023, three were with external speakers 
and had employees from all over the world joining these sessions. Our customers, partners 
and other stakeholders covered key topics affecting Baker Hughes including Just Transition, 
carbon border adjustment mechanisms and more. The series presents an opportunity for 
employees to engage with global thought leaders and gain valuable insights into current 
sustainability topics, issues and trends shaping the future of energy.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  60
By the NumbersWho we are

The role of people in driving change 
Leaning into our employee’s innovation mindset has been key to energizing and reaching 
our teams. Empowering employees to identify the opportunities to embed sustainability 
where and how it fits into their team provides ownership and accountability. Our Carbon Out 
program, for instance, aims to educate and empower every employee to have an active role 
in our emission reduction efforts. Our ability to engage our people underscores the value 
of teamwork and diverse perspectives, while also providing an opportunity for professional 
development. 
Collaborating with talented colleagues accelerates our ability to deliver on our sustainability 
commitments. The Renew COI group is dedicated to fostering a global community within 
Baker Hughes where employees collaboratively share insights, ideas and actions that 
promote sustainable working and living. Over the last year, Renew has grown its membership 
to 1,114 global members through membership drives and more active employee volunteering 
leadership engagement. 
Spotlights on progress 
Leveraging the Renew COI to accelerate change, 2023 Earth Day Challenge  
Strategic Outcome:  Company-wide plan aimed at driving habits of sustainability   
Business Need: Our annual Earth Day Challenge demonstrates how we can collectively have 
a large impact on the planet, no matter how small our individual or team’s actions are.   
Impact: With over 80+ submitted Earth Day events, more than 1,000+ employees from around 
the globe came together to celebrate Earth Day throughout the month of April showing how 
Baker Hughes employees and teams are being sustainable. The 2023 annual event proved 
to be the biggest one yet, bringing together participation from all eight ERGs. In recognition 
of their commitment to operating sustainably and for exemplifying our Company values, 
employees were awarded volunteer recognition grants by the Baker Hughes Foundation, 
which they can use to donate to an eligible charity of their choice. 
 Isabela Vieira , ASPIRE Associate - Finance, IET
1,000+ 
Employees  
participants
8 ERGs 
Bringing together 
all ERGs
80+ 
Earth Day events  
around the world
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  61
By the NumbersWho we are

Planet
Our Planet strategy 63 
Pioneer low carbon energy solutions to deliver value for  
our customers
64
Enable our partners to thrive in a low-carbon world 74
Champion environmental stewardship and minimize our footprint 80 
Position ourselves early as a key technology provider 93
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity 94
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  62
By the NumbersWho we are Baker Hughes   62Sustainability Report 2023

Baker Hughes is passionate about driving emissions reductions consistent with the 1.5°C 
temperature goal of the Paris Agreement, reaching net zero operational emissions by 2050. 
As we navigate towards more sustainable operations for Baker Hughes and our customers, 
our Planet strategy framework allows us to track our impact — guiding, measuring and 
driving our progress.  The framework consists of two environmentally-focused goals and 
four supporting objectives.    
Our Planet strategy
Goals 
what we aim to deliver
Objectives 
how we will deliver success
Strategic Outcomes  
how we will track progress
Pioneer low  
carbon energy 
s
olutions to  
deliver value for  
our customers
B
ecome a net-zero 
business by 2050
•
 Re
duce scope 1 and 2 greenhouse 
gas emissions by 50% by 2030
•
 Re
duce scope 3 emissions by 2033
•
 C
omplete LCA for the >95% emissions 
intensive products by 2026
•
 B
aker Hughes positioned early 
and recognized as key technology 
provider
•
 Y
OY increase in research and 
development funded by external 
sources
•
 Re
duce waste to landfill by 25% by 
2030
•
 R
educe spills at our sites
•
 Re
duce usage in water stressed sites 
by 20% by 2030
•
 A
ssess 100% of sites for biodiversity 
risk by 2030 and implement risk 
management programs for high-risk 
sites
Enable our partners  
to thrive in a low 
c
arbon world 
Champion 
environment 
stewardship and 
minimize our 
footprint
Minimize the  
resources we use
Reduce spills 
and report them 
transparently
Figure 4-1: Sustainability Planet strategy
What’s new in 2023
In the following sections, you will 
read about actions we’ve taken 
to advance our Planet strategy 
as well as some of the impactful 
initiatives to show our progress. 
Some headlines, which will be 
covered in more detail, include:  
Our scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 
decreased 28.3% from our 2019 
base year. 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity 
decreased by 33.0% compared to 
the 2019 base year. 
We continued to advance 
automation of emissions data and 
strong internal controllership of all 
Planet data. 
We expanded the breadth and 
depth of our Carbon Out program 
to include scope 3 emissions. 
We drove the adoption of our 
proprietary FastLCA tool while 
completing 313 LCAs, a 627.9% 
increase YOY. 
Total hazardous waste volume was 
reduced 27.1% from our 2022 base 
year. 
Significant spills decreased by 
35.3% and chemical spills also 
decreased by 70.9% compared to 
2022. 
 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  63
By the NumbersWho we are

Pioneer low carbon energy 
solutions to deliver value for 
our customers
We are committed to reducing our GHG emissions 
through our strategic goals: 
As an energy technology company, we strive to reduce our GHG emissions in all of our 
operations. This will be achieved through increased energy efficiency and adoption of 
renewable electricity across our global facility footprint. Our aim is to achieve net-zero 
scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050, with an interim goal of reducing emissions by 50% by 
2030. We remain committed to reduce our customers’ operational emissions, which is 
why we are working to deliver innovation solutions to lower our scope 3 emissions. This 
showcases our commitment to sustainable operations and leadership in reducing  
global emissions.
Data at a glance compared 
to our 2019 base year:
Our overall scope 1 and 2 
emissions decreased by 
28.3%
Scope 1 fleet emissions 
decreased by 34.4% 
Scope 1 facilities emissions 
decreased by 34.2% 
Scope 1 field emissions 
decreased by 7.3%  
Scope 2 emissions 
decreased by 36.0%  
Reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions by 50% by 2030 
Achieve net-zero emissions for scope 1 and scope 2 by 2050 
Reduce scope 3 emissions by 2033
  N iccolo Puliti , ASPIRE Associate - Gas 
Technology Services, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  64
By the NumbersWho we are

Figure 4-2. Building blocks for our emissions reductions roadmaps 
01 Ambition
04 Enterprise 
transformation
07 Finance
02 Governance
05 Supply chains
08 Transparency
03 Corporate 
strategy
06 Innovation
09 Engagement
Our sustainability strategy was developed to 
operationalize sustainability to drive our emissions 
reduction to net zero. 
By working collaboratively with employees across our business, we created a scope 1 and 2 
roadmap (in 2021) aimed at driving direct and indirect emissions out of our operations. To deliver 
on Baker Hughes’ net-zero commitment emissions reductions roadmaps have been developed.  
These nine building blocks define an enterprise-wide view, intended as a forward-looking 
framework that continues to guide our net-zero transformation journey.  
Science-based targets
We believe we have an important role to play in society as an industry leader and partner. In 
2019, we made a commitment to reduce scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions from our operations 
by 50% by 2030 and achieve net-zero emissions by 2050.  This goal encompasses emissions 
from our operations (scope 1 and 2 emissions) in alignment with the Paris Agreement and the 
specific recommendations of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Special 
Report on Global Warming of 1.5°C. 
Our scope 3 internal goal is also science-based and aligned to the Paris Agreement. Near-
term scope 3 emissions goals and time-bound emissions reductions roadmaps were built 
by subject matter experts across the value chain, resulting in well-informed and actionable 
plans. In 2023, these goals were submitted to the Science-Based Targets initiative for 
validation but were not accepted for verification due to the absence of sector-specific 
guidance for companies with oil and gas revenue. 
We are living our 
commitment to operate 
sustainably. Empowered 
by education and 
resources to energize 
change, our people are 
making energy safer, 
cleaner and more efficient.
Key operating model 
consideration in support of 
transformation
Transformed net-zero supply 
chain to build a low carbon 
ecosystem
Developed innovation and 
technologies to deliver net zero
Science-based targets aligned 
to achieving global net zero by 
no later than 2050 and limiting 
warming to 1.5°C
Oversight and accountability 
for net zero integrated in our 
operations Embedded and aligned net zero 
into company strategy
Substantial commitment and 
willingness to finance net-zero 
transformation
Communicating action and 
providing balanced information 
on progress against net-zero 
ambition
Enhancing the pace scale 
of net-zero action through 
engaging with and influencing 
stakeholders across ecosystems
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  65
By the NumbersWho we are

Sustainability is at the heart of our corporate strategy and our Company’s purpose. We 
believe that each employee has an opportunity — and a responsibility — to make an impact. 
Carbon Out is our global employee engagement program and primary execution method 
for GHG emissions reduction. Empowered by education and resources to energize change, 
our people are identifying, implementing and executing projects that are actually reducing 
Baker Hughes’ direct and indirect emissions footprint across our operations, including offices, 
field service sites and manufacturing sites. Through 2023, Carbon Out has primarily focused 
on projects related to reduction efforts for scope 1 and 2 emissions. 
In 2023, for our scope 1 and 2 related Carbon Out efforts, we continued to build momentum 
by prioritizing Carbon Out projects with the highest emissions reduction potential. High-
impact projects included facility consolidations and switching to renewable and zero-
carbon energy sources. We continue to grow our pipeline of innovative projects contributing 
to our emissions reduction efforts. 
Our people are at the heart of our progress
Our success relied heavily on continued engagement and unwavering enthusiasm from 
our entire Carbon Out network. Throughout the year, Carbon Out champions across the 
organization rallied their sites, regions and businesses to generate ideas for future projects. 
This included education workshops, dedicated week-long events at sites for project 
generation and execution and energy treasure 
hunts — where all employees at various sites 
are engaged to personally reflect on their 
surroundings and identify any and all energy 
saving opportunities observed. Results of 
these energy treasure hunts included process 
optimizations, equipment upgrades and 
efficiency measures that could develop into 
emissions saving projects. These engagements 
extended across 40 countries, encompassing 
more than 500+ employees, demonstrating 
Carbon Out’s global reach and effectiveness in 
driving sustainability initiatives. 
The role of Carbon Out in reducing emissions
200+  
Project owners 
leading initiatives
500+  
People engaged in our  
Carbon Out network
40+  
Countries with 
projects initiated
590+  
Pipeline projects
Key scope 1 and 2  
Carbon Out projects 
developed and driven by 
our employees 
Scope 1
Leak detection
HVAC upgrades 
Exhaust recovery
Heat and cooling loss
Vehicle electrification
Venting reduction and elimination
Equipment upgrades and 
optimization
Scope 2
Gas to electric upgrade conversions
LED retrofits and switch timers/
sensors
E-procedure (paperless operations)
Mechanical and electrical services
Renewable energy 
Energy metering
Battery storage
  I rene Galli , GTS Training Academy Administrator 
Specialist, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  66
By the NumbersWho we are

Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions
We continued to focus on operational efficiency, facilities energy efficiency, fleet 
electrification and renewable and nuclear energy in 2023. These key strategic levers 
served as our guideposts in identifying projects that will drive down our direct and 
indirect emissions while improving our performance. 
Figure 4-3: Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction levers 
Strategic lever Roadmap focus GHG Protocol category
Operational 
efficiency
Reducing emissions from 
Baker Hughes’ manufacturing 
and field service operations
Scope 1 - Direct emissions 
Scope 2 - Purchased electricity
Facility energy 
efficiency
Reducing emissions from 
energy use (liquid/gas fuels 
and electricity) at Baker 
Hughes’ facilities
Scope 1 - Facilities
Scope 2 - Purchased electricity
Renewable 
energy
Increasing the proportions 
of renewables used in the 
electricity mix
Scope 2 - Purchased electricity 
Vehicles Increasing electrification and 
low carbon fueling in Baker 
Hughes’ own vehicle and 
vessel fleet
Scope 1 - Vehicles
Figure 4-5: Scope 1 and 2 emissions by year (MT CO 2e) 
801,087
801,087
400,543
574,513
2019 2023
Scope 2, market-basedScope 1
299,296
501,791
191,417
383,096
2019 2023
Change from 2019 
base year
MT CO2e Percent
Scope 1 501,791 383,096 -118,695 -23.7%
Scope 2, market-based 299,296 191,417 -107,879 -36.0%
Scope 2, location-based 307,082 217,941 -89,141 -29.0%
Total scope 1 and 2, 
market based 801,087 574,513 -226,574 -28.3%
Table 4-1: Scope 1 and 2 emissions by year (MT CO 2e) 
Figure 4-4: Framework to reduce emissions by 50% by 2030
Scope 1 Scope 2
Baseline 
Total
P
rojected  
Total 
R
emaining
Facility  
Efficiency
R
enewable 
Energy
VehiclesOperational 
Efficiency
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  67
By the NumbersWho we are

v
Decreased scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity illustrated 
our progress  
We calculate our emissions intensity in addition to quantifying emissions in absolute terms. 
Using emissions intensity normalizes our emissions by using revenue as a denominator, 
providing a more transparent view of our progress towards meeting our net-zero goal while 
accounting for economic growth. 
In 2023, Baker Hughes saw an increase in revenue, which was primarily driven by higher 
volume from IET on Gas Technology Equipment project backlog execution, as well as stronger 
activity in OFSE.  This revenue growth to $25.5 billion from $23.8 billion in 2019 with subsequent 
emissions reduction led to a scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity decrease of 33.0%.
Scope 1 and 2 
emissions intensity 
decreased by 
33.0% vs. 2019 
base year.
Category
2019  
(Base year) 2 023 
Change from 2019 base 
year
MT CO2e Percent
Fleet 141,416 92,710 -48,706 -34.4%
Field 
activities 197,666 183,302 -14,365 -7.3%
Facilities 162,709 107,085 -55,624 -34.2%
Total 501,791 383,09612 -118,695 -23.7%
Table 4-2: Scope 1 emissions breakdown (CO2e)
12 Values are rounded to nearest whole number for reporting; 2023 Fleet emissions were 92,709.7 MT CO 2e, Field 
Activities emissions totaled 183,301.6 MT CO 2e, and Facilities emissions totaled 107,084.7 MT CO 2e - resulting in a total 
scope 1 emissions result of 383,096.1 MT CO 2e.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  68
By the NumbersWho we are

Our 34.4% reduction 
in fleet emissions 
from base year 2019 
is the result of a fleet 
population reduction 
and a shift away from 
internal combustion 
engines to electric 
and hybrid vehicles.
Fleet emissions  
Our fleet results encompass emissions from all Baker Hughes owned and leased vehicles 
and, in 2023, we made additional efforts to improve the accuracy of our vehicle reporting. 
Our 34.4% reduction in fleet emissions from base year 2019 is chiefly the result of reduction 
in the fleet population and a shift away from internal combustion engines to hybrids and 
electric vehicles.  
In North America, we partnered with Ford to develop a pilot for our mid-weight vehicles. 
This collaboration will produce fit-for-purpose electric vehicles with lower emissions than 
existing models in our fleet. We are also investing in additional infrastructure to provide 
charging stations for electric vehicles at high-density locations and central hubs, as well 
as developing a charging network through our partnership with Shell.  In addition to our 
infrastructure changes, we also promote efficient driving practices through our motor vehicle 
idling program. This program encourages employees to turn off vehicles when their engine is 
idling for more than 10 seconds, saving fuel and resulting in both emissions and cost savings. 
Carbon Out spotlight on progress
Employee shuttle service - Italy 
Strategic Outcome:  Reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions  
Business need: Italy is home to one of our largest centers of operations globally — 
approximately 6,000 of our employees commute regularly between our sites in Avenza, 
Massa and Florence in Tuscany. The round-trip distance of these commutes is approximately 
150 miles, an emissions impact that compounds significantly when multiplied by the large 
employee base.    
Impact: In September 2023, we began operating a shuttle service for our employees with 
professional drivers to more efficiently transport employees at these locations. The shuttle 
operates three times per day Monday through Thursday and twice on Friday. Since the 
inception, there have been 1,000+ reservations made in the first 90+ days of operation. This 
service furthers our emissions reduction goals by consolidating emissions produced by daily 
commutes and elevates employee well-being by providing an efficient and comfortable 
option to safely return home from work each day.
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 13.2: Integrate climate change measures into policy and 
planning, we have executed projects at various sites through our Carbon Out program, 
thereby improving our energy efficiency and reducing our emissions.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  69
By the NumbersWho we are

Field emissions    
In 2023, we delivered a 7.3% reduction in emissions from field-related activities compared 
to our 2019 base year. 
Field emissions are directly tied to our business performance and activity. Field activities 
at Baker Hughes drove business growth and the resulting increased revenue generation in 
recent years following the COVID-19 pandemic. Mitigating associated field emissions while 
our field activities increase with business growth is a challenge. 
Integrated Solutions and Pressure Pumping services activity within our Completion, 
Interventions and Measurement business increased, serving more operational rigs for the 
business. Due to the additional rigs, field emissions within these businesses increased, but 
overall field emissions were mitigated by the reduction efforts executed in other parts of 
our business operations as we continued to evaluate more complex emissions reduction 
opportunities in our field activities. 
In 2023, we delivered a 7.3% 
reduction in GHG emissions from 
field-related activities compared 
to our 2019 base year. 
Carbon Out spotlight on progress
 Blue Marlin ‘rides the waves’ - Brazil 
Strategic Outcome:  Reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions
Business Need: Dynamic position is a method by which a vessel remains stationary in the 
ocean without physically attaching itself to the oil rig or dropping anchor. Although this 
method provides more flexibility and efficiency in operations, it burns considerably more 
fuel. In our Pressure Pumping business, there is a high reliance on diesel to fuel the marine 
vessels utilized for operations. This high reliance on diesel heightened the need to improve 
the efficiency of our fuel usage related to marine vessels. Combined, our marine vessels 
produced 26,275 MT CO2e in 2023.      
Impact: In Brazil, our assembly, maintenance and overhaul team led a project to decrease 
our emissions on our Blue Marlin vessel utilizing variable frequency. Variable frequency is 
a new technology implemented on the vessel, designed to maximize fuel efficiency during 
dynamic position operations by rotating the propeller at a slower, variable rate, thereby 
burning less fuel. The upgrade provided significant fuel savings and emissions reduction, 
leading to an approximately 30% reduction in fuel consumption and approximately 14% 
emissions reduction when the vessel was stationary to the rig.  
In support of UN SDG target 
9.4: Upgraded infrastructure 
and retrofit industries to 
make them sustainable, 
with increased resource-
use efficiency and greater 
adoption of clean and environmentally sound 
technologies. Through our Carbon Out program 
we have implemented new technology designed 
to maximize the fuel efficiency during vessel 
dynamic position operations.
Supporting UN SDGs: 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  70
By the NumbersWho we are

Scope 1 and 2 facilities emissions
Our facilities impact both our scope 1 and 2 emissions: Our scope 1 through direct production of 
emissions in our manufacturing or operations and our scope 2 by the choices in our purchased 
electricity. A key driver of how our facilities impact our direct production of emissions is through 
our use of natural gas in equipment testing. Gas turbines are one of our main products and in 
their manufacturing, require tests that utilize natural gas.  We also use natural gas and other fuels 
directly, along with purchased electricity, to provide power to our operations, heating and cooling.  
We prioritized identifying ways to reduce natural gas consumption at our facilities through 
Carbon Out projects and substitutions with less emissive alternatives. In our drive to reduce 
emissions, we continue to explore opportunities to transition from fossil fuel grid-based energy  
to renewable and nuclear energy sources.   
Re
duction in scope 2 emissions were mostly driven by expanding the coverage of renewable 
and zero-carbon energy sources in our facilities. In 2023, we achieved additional contracts with 
certified use of renewables and guarantees of origins in place in North America, Latin America 
and Europe. Facilities consolidation was another driver of emissions reduction in scope 2. In 
contrast, our emissions reduction in aggregate remains flat relative to our base year due to the 
higher emissivity reflected in emission factors. Emission factors published in 2023 reflect the 
changes in grid mix in certain geographical areas, which were influenced by the recovery in 
energy demand post-COVID and geopolitical conflicts, resulting in more emissive power sources 
in parts of the world. Additionally, we updated the base year in accordance with the GHG Protocol 
that encourages the review of both the current and base year calculations in every reporting 
cycle. This resulted in the reported emissions reduction being minimized, though in reality 
considerable scope 2 emissions reduction projects were executed in the performance year. 
In 2023, we reduced our 
scope 1 and 2 emissions by  
226,574 MT CO2e  
from our 2019 base year 
inventory of  
801,087 MT CO2e. 
Our scope 2 market based 
emissions for 2023 were  
191,417 MT CO2e,  
a reduction of 36.0%  
from our 2019 base year.  
Carbon Out spotlight on progress
Diesel fuel transformation to electrical grid  - Saudi Arabia 
Strategic Outcome:  Reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions
Business Need: A Baker Hughes manufacturing facility in Dammam, Saudi Arabia was utilizing 
three diesel-powered generators to power site operations.  
Impact: A new high voltage electrical system was installed at our Dammam site in Saudi Arabia 
and connected to the electrical grid. The facility required a power supply of approximately 
3,300 MWhs, which were provided by generators consuming approximately 365,000 gallons of 
diesel fuel. Since making the switch, this power is now supplied by the electrical grid providing a 
significant emissions reduction for the facility as well as operational cost savings. 
Reduction of Natural Gas for Heating - Argentina  
Strategic Outcome:  Reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions
Business Need: A Baker Hughes site at Comodoro Rivadavia in Argentina was using high volumes 
of natural gas to heat the facility due to the poor state of the facility roof, liners and doors.  
Impact: The OFSE assembly, maintenance and overhaul field activity team collaborated  
across their facility to implement projects to increase energy efficiency and reduce emissions. 
T
he team worked to repair the roof, liners and doors to better insulate the building and improve 
the overall facility. As a result of this, natural gas consumption for the site was reduced by ~27% 
and emissions were reduced by ~28%. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  71
By the NumbersWho we are

In 2023, we had 29.8% of 
our electricity sourced from 
zero-carbon sources.
Renewable energy 
increased 14.6% from  
our base year
Non-renewable energy 
decreased 16.3% from 
our base year
Non-Renewable, zero-
carbon increased 1.7% 
from our base year
13 New sites utilizing 
renewable or  
zero-carbon electricity 
from the grid in 2023
11 Sites utilizing on-site  
solar energy
87 Total sites utilizing 
renewable or zero-carbon 
electricity from the grid
Transitioning to Renewables
In 2023, we continued our transition away from grid electricity powered by fossil fuels to 
renewable and non-emissive energy, where possible. Our emissions reduction strategy 
maintains the adoption of Renewable Energy Credits, Renewable Energy Guarantees of 
Origins, Zero Emissions Certificates or Environmental Attribute Certificates that come from a 
local market of electricity, or Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs). 
We work across all regions, prioritizing sites based on the impact of renewable sourcing and 
the cost-effectiveness of the projects that are part of our 2030 roadmap. We do not utilize 
carbon offsets or virtual PPAs currently as part of our emissions reduction program. See our 
carbon offset policy here . 
As part of our regional initiatives in APAC, we planned and executed an onsite rooftop solar 
PPA in partnership with Cleantech Solar. This project marks a steppingstone to future projects 
in the region, strengthening our commitment to renewables.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  72
By the NumbersWho we are

Figure 4-8: Year-over-year comparison of energy use by category (MWh) 
Renewable Electricity
Non-Renewable Electricity
Non-Renewable,  
Zero-Carbon Electricity 13 
Propane and Other Fuels
Purchased Heating, 
Cooling, and Steam
Diesel/Distillate
Natural Gas 
Gasoline/Petrol 
2019 2022 2023
0.0
750000
1500000
2250000
3000000
Energy used by category (MWh)
Figure 4-7: Percentage of total renewables and zero-carbon electricity 13 in 2023   
13 Non-Renewable, Zero-Carbon Electricity is a subset of Non-Renewable 
Electricity split out to provide additional insight into electricity breakdown 
and Total Electricity is a sum of the three values listed.
2019 2022 2023
Renewable electricity 104,307 137,327 164,597
Non-renewable 
electricity
667,522 446,191 410,961 
Non-renewable, zero-
carbon electricity 13
N/A 20,575 9,606
Total electricity 771,829 604,093 585,165
Diesel/distillate 1,046,950 875,344 915,946 
Natural gas 754,917 472,915 449,520
Gasoline/petrol 401,861 252,227 261,206 
Propane 2,040 6,797 5,769
 Other Fuels 0 2,595 1,266
Total fuels 2,205,768 1,609,878 1,633,707 
Purchased Heating — — —
Purchased Cooling — — 118
Purchased Steam — — 8,713
Total Purchased 
Heating, Cooling, and 
Steam
—  — 8,831
Total energy 2,977,597 2,213,971 2,227,702 
13.5% 22.7% 28.1%
Renewables and
 Zero Carbon electricity as
 % of total electricity
13.5%
26.1%
29.8%2019
2022
2023
Texas
Germany
U.S. Northeast
Oklahoma
Romania
Thailand
UK
Main Contracts
Carbon Out spotlight on progress
Partnering for a renewable future with Shell Energy Italia  
I
n September 2023, Baker Hughes announced a new agreement with Shell 
Energy Italia — an eight-year power purchase agreement to supply seven 
of Baker Hughes’ Italian facilities with renewable energy. This energy is 
sourced from Shell’s solar photovoltaic farm currently under construction 
in the Apulia region in southern Italy.  
Figure 4-6: Energy use by category (MWh and %)   
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  73
By the NumbersWho we are

Creating a roadmap to navigate the challenges  
of scope 3
In 2023, we continued to make strides in reducing our scope 1 and 2 emissions, but we know 
we cannot help our customers meet their net zero goals without addressing our own scope 
3 emissions. Scope 3 emissions account for several orders of magnitude more emissions 
than scope 1 and 2. To address this challenge, we created a scope 3 roadmap that aligns 
our priorities for each emissions reduction category, emphasizing areas where we have 
the largest emissions footprint. We have identified levers that will accelerate our emissions 
reduction efforts.  
 
The development of our scope 3 roadmap was influenced by stakeholders across the 
Company. The generation of projects and ideas is employee-driven and implemented 
through the power and enthusiasm of our newly launched scope 3 specific Carbon Out 
program. 
Enable our partners to thrive in 
a low carbon world
Table 4-3: Strategic levers to reduce scope 3 emissions
Strategic lever Roadmap focus GHG Protocol category
Supply 
chain and 
procurement
Reducing upstream emissions from supply 
chain and sourcing activity
Scope 3 - Category 1  
Purchased goods  
and services  
Transport and 
logistics
Reducing emissions from Baker Hughes’ 
commuting, business travel and freight 
haulage
Scope 3 - Category 7  
Employee commuting
S
cope 3 - Category 6  
Business travel
S
cope 3 - Category 4  
Upstream transport
Third party 
managed 
waste
Reducing emissions from third-party 
disposal and treatment of waste generated in 
operations
Scope 3 - Category 5  
Waste from operations
Low-carbon 
products
Reducing downstream emissions from use of 
Baker Hughes’ products
Scope 3 - Category 11  
Use of sold products
Near-term scope 3 
emissions targets and 
time-bound emissions 
reductions roadmaps 
were built by subject 
matter experts across 
the value chain, resulting 
in well-informed and 
actionable plans in 2023.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  74
By the NumbersWho we are

Approaching scope 3 GHG emissions
Our updated scope 3 methodology 
Measuring emissions is a significant challenge, relying on estimates and third-party 
information. Since first quantifying scope 3 emissions for reporting year 2021, we have 
adhered to the provided GHG protocol emissions accounting and reporting principles to 
ensure our inventory represents an accurate, valid and fair account of our emissions.   
In 2023, upon a thorough assessment of the appropriateness of the employed emissions 
factors, we determined that applying the emissions factors representing the full life cycle 
is appropriate and delivered added visibility and a higher level of accuracy of scope 3 
emissions accounting. This resulted in overall scope 3 emissions for the year totaling 
433,728,176 MT CO2e, an increase of 83.1% compared to our base year, due to increased 
volume and a shift to higher power products. This also resulted in a 71.2% increase in our 
scope 3 emissions intensity.  
Lifecycle emissions factors consider the upstream supply chain of all fuels and energy 
used—these factors are specific to the source of energy or fuel, the technology used in fuel 
or energy production and the type of fuel consumed. The impact to scope 3 emissions from 
including these fuel life cycle factors is an approximate increase of 22.9% to both our base 
year and other reported years, with a notable impact on category 11.  
While these factors increased our absolute emissions, it gives us visibility into additional 
opportunities to reduce emissions through use of lower-emitting fuels and electricity 
throughout our supply chain.    
Launching scope 3 Carbon Out
In 2023, we launched a scope 3-specific Carbon Out program to collect employee-sourced 
projects to achieve our internal goal for scope 3 emissions reduction by 2033. Throughout 
the year, multiple tools were developed and utilized to drive emissions-conscious decisions, 
improving our capability to propose lower-emitting solutions to our customers. 
Key scope 3 focused 
Carbon Out projects 
developed and driven  
by our employees 
Scope 3
Employee remote training via 
augmented reality
Shipment consolidation to reduce 
diesel usage
Installation of electric vehicle 
charging points
Shipping crate recycling
Installation of new digital meters for 
water usage monitoring
Usage of reusable containers with 
customers
Transferring disposal waste to 
incineration with energy recovery
  I rene Innocenti , Technical Leader - Digital  
Transformation, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  75
By the NumbersWho we are

Scope 3 emissions 
Use of sold products 
Purchased goods 
and services
70.2%
28.1%
0.04%
0.03%
0.03%
0.07%
0.02%
0.01%
0.03%
0.05%
Scope 3 Category
2019  
(Base year) 2 023 
% change  
from 2019
1. Pu
rchased goods  
and services 4 ,587,993 6,368,267 +38.8% 
2. Capital goods 167,703 147,120 -12.3% 
3. Fuel-and-energy-related  
activities (not included in  
scope 1 or scope 2)
1
86,887 143,841 -23.0% 
4. Upstream transportation  
and distribution 6 70,580 331,325 -50.6%
5. Waste generated  
in operations 13 6,287 108,781 -20.2% 
6. Business travel 102,015 68,967 -32.4%
7. Employee commuting 186,849 152,870 -18.2% 
9. Transportation  
and distribution 4 82,549 260,844 -45.9% 
11. Use of sold  
products 230 ,203,237 425,927,694 +85.0%
15. Investments 108,467 218,467 +101.4%
Total reported  
scope 3 emissions 2 36,832,567 433,728,176 +83.1%
Table 4-4: Total scope 3 emissions by category (MT CO 2e)
Figure 4-9 Total scope 3 emissions breakdown by category (% MT CO 2e) 
0.28%1498.20%
1.31%
1. Purchased goods and services
2. Capital goods
3. Fuel-and energy-related activities
4. Upstream transportation and distrib.
5. Waste generated in operations
6. Business travel
7. Employee commuting
9. Transportation and distribution
11. Use of sold products
15. Investments
14 Due to rounding of displayed values, total percentage does not equal 100%. Capital goods accounts for 0.030%, Fuel- and 
energy-related activities (not included in scope 1 or scope 2) accounts for 0.030%, Upstream transportation and distribution 
accounts for 0.068%, Waste generated in operations accounts for 0.022%, Business travel accounts for 0.013%, Employee 
commuting accounts for 0.031%, Transportation and distribution accounts for 0.054% and Investments accounts for 0.045%.
 Samaneh Soroush , Product Performance 
Engineer, OFSE
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  76
By the NumbersWho we are

1. 
 
Purchased goods 
and services
Increased business activity drove increased emissions for category 1 compared to the 2019 base year, 
particularly from chemicals and raw materials commodities. Category 1 is the second largest contributor to 
our scope 3 emissions; while only 1.31% of total scope 3 emissions, there are key factors that as a company 
we can influence. Business activity has a large influence on the results of this category, but we have 
made significant strides in our processes to combat the associated emissions. In 2023, we developed a 
methodology to assess our over 30,000 suppliers to determine the largest influences on emissions and 
identify opportunities. We also continued regular engagements with our suppliers, which resulted in an 
approximately 50% increase in our supplier responses to CDP submissions. 
2. Capital goods We drove a 12.3% reduction in capital goods emissions compared to our 2019 base year. Spend on capital 
goods can vary for many reasons and is not necessarily linked to overall activity. 
3. 
 
 
 
Fuel-and-energy-
related activities 
(not included in 
scope 1 or scope 2)
Overall reduction is directionally aligned with reductions in scope 1 and 2 emissions, as part of the 
Company’s Carbon Out initiatives. As such, we reduced this category of emissions by 23.0% compared to 
2019 base year in fuel- and energy-related activities, excluding activities already accounted for in scope 1 
and 2 emissions totals.  
4. 
 
 
Upstream 
transportation  
and distribution
Logistics optimization contributed to reduced air freight, a highly emissive mode of freight. Our supply 
chain professionals use emissions savings calculators to inform decisions and assess savings from Carbon 
Out initiatives. Supply chain optimization has yielded both emissions and cost reduction. This resulted in a 
reduction of 50.6% compared to the 2019 base year. 
5. 
 
Waste generated  
in operations
The emissions from processing waste generated also decreased compared to the 2019 base year. Reduced 
volume of waste, repurposed waste (where possible) and increased recycling resulted in this reduction. 
Read more in our Managing Waste section.  
6. Business travel Employee travel-related emissions decreased in 2023 compared to the 2019 base year. In part due to more 
virtual meetings with customers and suppliers.  We also formalized a sustainable business travel internal 
policy in 2023 and enabled visibility for comparative emissions on routes and modes of transportation in 
our travel management system.  
7. 
 
Employee 
commuting 
Remote work and hybrid functionality allowed eligible Baker Hughes employees to reduce emissions related 
to commuting compared to our base year. Since the COVID-19 pandemic we have seen the continuation of 
this trend and increased consciousness and education across the business to maintain this progress. 
9. 
 
Transportation  
and distribution 
Similar to category 4, optimization on both upstream and downstream emissions through supply chain 
initiatives work to inform decision making, resulting in emissions and cost reduction.   
11. 
 
Use of sold  
products 
The increase in sales and the product mix led to emissions increase of 85.0% from our 2019 base year.  Two 
contributing factors were technology advances in our Aeroderivative Gas Turbines, which increased their 
average power per unit by 45.5% compared to 2019 and our Electrical Motors increasing their average 
power generated per unit by 175.0% compared to 2019.
15. Investments Emissions related to companies that Baker Hughes has invested in have increased since our 2019  
base year, primarily due to the activity and revenue increases within these businesses.  
Key influences and driving factors for scope 3 results by category
Figure 4-10: Key influences and driving factors for scope 3 results by category
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  77
By the NumbersWho we are

Our use of sold products influence on scope 3 emissions
As category 11 makes up 98.2% of all scope 3 emissions, these changes to volume and mix of 
our products, as well as market conditions, have a large influence on our results. We continue 
research into technology advancements to implement efficiencies into our products that will 
impact their contributions to our overall scope 3 emissions.  
In the post-pandemic world, our customers’ growing need for energy has led to increased 
sales of our more powerful gas turbines and electric motors. Both the increase in sales 
and the product mix itself led to an emissions increase of 85.0% from our 2019 base year. 
Technological advances in our highly efficient Aeroderivative Gas Turbines increased 
the average power per unit by 45.5% from our 2019 base year, while the average power 
generated by our Electrical Motors increased by 175.0% from our 2019 base year.  While these 
remain the most-efficient options in their class, the large power consumption of these 
turbines drives increased lifetime emissions during use. 
Conversely, in our Artificial Lift Systems (ALS) product line, fluctuations in our volume 
mix contributed to slight reductions in category 11 emissions. In 2023, our ALS product 
line deployed more efficient permanent magnet motors at well sites, replacing older, 
more emissive technology. Combining permanent magnet motor technology with Baker 
Hughes’ electric submersible pump capabilities created differentiated solutions, creating 
advantages for our customers while producing fewer emissions. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  78
By the NumbersWho we are

FastLCA is our proprietary tool developed by Baker Hughes and used to quantify the 
environmental footprint throughout all lifecycle stages of our products and services. The 
tool is aligned to ISO 14040/44 and ISO 14067:2018 and provides our customers verified 
emissions footprint of the assessed products and/or systems.  In 2023, we completed 
313 LCAs, a 627.9% increase YOY. As part of our overall sustainability strategy, we work to 
quantify the lifecycle GHG emissions of all of our major product groups. The comparative 
analysis feature helped to provide important insights into efficiencies gained through 
new product innovations. 
LCAs give our customers clear insight into how our products will affect their emissions as 
we continue to transition into a low carbon world. They also play an important role in the 
design phase of our products where emissions impacts are reviewed with other design 
features. Our LCAs provide an emissions profile for our product or service and can serve 
as a heat map that identifies the highest emission materials, manufacturing processes, 
transport, installation and operations activities. These insights drive decisions and 
Carbon Out initiatives.  LCAs are internally peer-reviewed and verified by our Emissions 
and Climate Analytics Center of Excellence.   
Completing FastLCA for >95% 
of our most emission-intensive 
products by 2026
We are advancing our 
emissions reduction 
and management 
journey by incorporating 
LCAs into our Product 
Development process.  
By completing LCAs 
prior to product launch, 
we are able to provide 
the transparency our 
customers need to be 
successful in a low-
carbon world. 
Figure 4-11:  Number of total LCAs completed 
7
43
313
2021 2022 2023
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  79
By the NumbersWho we are

Championing  
environmental stewardship 
We are committed to minimizing the environmental impact across our facilities, through 
the services we provide at our customer sites and in the communities where we operate. 
We take a holistic risk-based approach to make progress towards our commitments. 
Our robust environmental policies and programs, which are part of our larger HSE 
management system (HSE MS), provides a framework for continuous improvement that 
is built on stringent standards that we set for ourselves, meeting or exceeding global 
regulatory requirements. Our environmental management system is aligned to ISO 14001: 
2015 and embeds into supporting risk assessments, global procedures, training, reporting 
and verification and control measures to reduce our impacts.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  80
By the NumbersWho we are

Minimize the resources we use 
Managing waste
Effective waste management is critical to sustainability and our operations. We aim to 
embed the principles of a circular economy in all aspects of our business. This means 
minimizing the materials and energy used during all production phases, reducing waste 
and increasing recycling. We follow our formal procedure for waste management and 
minimization, which requires that all waste types are identified and tracked to provide 
guidance promoting efforts to minimize waste volumes and increase the recycling and reuse 
of materials at each site. Teams across our business work to identify waste at their sites, find 
opportunities to reduce production of waste and utilize our partnerships with waste disposal 
vendors to collaborate on alternative and more sustainable disposal methods.  
In 2023, we continued to embrace waste minimization by designing products with circularity 
in mind, reducing the amount of waste we produced, increasing recycling, decreasing our 
waste to landfill, repairing end-of-life assets and repurposing waste material that can serve 
as a feedstock for other sectors.   
As part of our waste management program, we review and verify our waste management 
vendors for disposal, recycling and treatment to verify these vendors comply with our strict 
waste management requirements.    
In 2023, we reduced the volume of hazardous waste generated by Baker Hughes by 27.1% 
compared to our 2022 base year.15 This reduction is in part related to the consolidation of 
our global footprint, where we optimized our presence in key areas to better align with our 
business operations. We also saw an increase in the amount of waste diverted from disposal 
through various recovery operations. We had a 6.3% decrease in the volume of waste 
direct to landfill compared to our 2022 base year. These trends show us moving in the right 
direction regarding our waste management. 
Throughout 2023, experts in waste operations have formed cross-business working 
groups focused on identifying opportunities for waste reduction. These working groups are 
responsible for creating waste checklists that have been piloted at top waste contributing 
sites with plans to replicate throughout the rest of the Company. We identified some of the 
larger waste generators within the organization and are looking into specific waste streams 
to target reduction. 
15 Our waste metrics are measured to a 2022 base year rather than 2019 due to methodology changes that were 
implemented in 2022.
  H annah Jasinski , Product Management, OFSE 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  81
By the NumbersWho we are

Figure 4-12: Generated waste by volume and type (metric tons) 
Figure 4-13: Recycled waste by volume and type (metric tons) 
120,298
2022 2022
80,293
2023
87,434
106,844
20232023
27,483
2023
29,547
2022
188
2022
124
Waste volume (metric tons)
Hazardous
Hazardous
Non-Hazardous
Non-Hazardous
E-waste
E-waste
Metals
Metals
7,761 5,660
22,249
25,601
27,483
29,547
173 111
Waste volume (metric tons)
2022 20222023 20232023 20232022 2022
Waste generated
Waste recycled
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  82
By the NumbersWho we are

Recycled Disposed Generated
2022 2023 % change 2022 2023 % change 2022 2023 % change
Hazardous waste 7,761.0 5,660.2 -27.1% 112,537.0 74,633.1 -33.7% 120,298.0 80,293.3 -33.3%
Non-hazardous waste 22,249.0 25,601.2 +15.1% 65,185.0 81,243.2 +24.6% 87,434.0 106,844.4 +22.2%
E-waste 173.0 111.3 -35.7% 15.0 12.9 -14.0% 188.0 124.2 -33.9%
Metal waste 27,483.0 29,547.0 +7.5% 0.0 0.0 0.0% 27,483.0 29,547.0 +7.5%
Total 57,666.0 60,919.7 +5.6% 177,737.0 155,889.2 -12.3% 235,403.0 216,809.9 -7.9%
Table 4-4: Waste volume (metric tons)
Waste disposed
Figure 4-14: Disposed waste by volume and type (metric tons) 
Waste volume (metric tons)
13
112,537
65,185
81,243
74,633
15
2022 20222023 202320232022
Hazardous Non-Hazardous E-waste
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  83
By the NumbersWho we are

Hazardous waste Non-hazardous waste E-waste Metal waste
2022 2023
% 
change
2022 2023
% 
change
2022 2023
% 
change
2022 2023
% 
change
Offsite 
preparation  
for reuse
6
29.0 559.0 -11.1% 801.0 1,154.6 +44.1% 6.0 1.8 -70.0%  
— — —
Offsite 
reclamation 3.0 4.3 +43.3% 221.0 349.2 58.0%  
— — —  
— — —
Offsite 
recycling   
— — —  
— — — 167.0 109.5 -34.4%  
— — —
Offsite 
material 
recovery
 
— — —  
— — —  
— — — 27,483.0 29,547.0 +7.5%
Other offsite 
recycling
options
7,129.0 5,096.9 -28.5% 21,227.0 24,097.4 +13.5%  
— — —  
— — —
Table 4-5: Waste diverted from disposal by recovery operation (MT) 
Table 4-7: Waste directed to disposal by disposal operation (MT) 
Total waste prevented Total waste prevented
2022 2023 % change
Former waste to  
product conversion 1 ,266.0 2,463.5 +94.5%
Table 4-6: Waste prevented from disposal (MT) 
Hazardous waste Non-hazardous waste E-waste
2022 2023 % change 2022 2023 % change 2022 2023 % change
Offsite incineration with 
energy recovery 978.0 14,239.4 +1356% 1,940.0 3,001.4 +54.7% — — —
Offsite incineration 
without energy recovery 2,062.0 867.6 -57.9% 1,875.0 1,013.0 -46.0%  
— — —
Offsite recycling 4,210.0 3,133.7 -25.6% 24,986.0 22,878.8 -8.4% — — —
Offsite landfilling 105,287.0 56,392.3 -46.4% 36,384.0 54,350.0 +49.4%  
— — —
Disposal — — — —  
15.0 12.9 -14.0% 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  84
By the NumbersWho we are

Spotlight on progress 
Circularity through additive manufacturing   
Strategic Outcome:  Reduce waste to landfill by 2030 
Business Need: We identified that many older or obsolete parts could have their service 
life extended or features enhanced through additive manufacturing. At Baker Hughes, 
contributing to a circular economy means producing in a sustainable way from the early 
stages of product development through project completion or material disposal. We 
evaluate environmental requirements in our additive products and processes and eco-
design principles are applied from the beginning of development through a comprehensive 
approach to predict lifecycle impact. Additive manufacturing uses data computer-aided 
design software to direct hardware to deposit material, layer upon layer, in precise geometric 
shapes to create an object.  
Impact: We utilize additive manufacturing to reduce material consumption and shipping 
distances, improving the overall efficiency of production and the supply-chain process. 
Moreover, additive manufacturing gives us the possibility to extend the life of obsolete 
products and even to upgrade old products’ features. A case study performed on a first-
stage gas turbine nozzle resulted in a ~26% reduction of energy consumption and a ~42% 
reduction in raw materials. This not only resulted in a decrease of waste to landfill, but it also 
improved efficiency and reduced scope 3 category 5 waste generated in operations.
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 12.5: By 2023, substantially reduce waste generaton through 
prevention, reduction, recycling and reuse. We are committed to reducing our volume 
of waste, by using resources wisely, increasing the recycling of materials within our 
business and reducing waste going to landfills.
  A aron Clane , RDD Technician Senior, OFSE
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  85
By the NumbersWho we are

The nature of our services and production operations involves materials that must be 
handled responsibly, else induce consequences if they are not.  As a company, we focus on 
addressing the root causes of spills through proactive measures, such as risk assessments, 
spill response planning and regular preventative maintenance on equipment. These efforts 
aim to create safeguards against the risk of spills occurring and minimize any related 
adverse impacts. It is our responsibility to ensure a safe future for our employees, our 
communities and our environment. 
We strive to reduce both the quantity of spill related incidents and the total volume of spills 
at our sites and locations where we operate. We are proactive in our efforts to avoid spills 
by requiring equipment inspections, secondary containment, spill response plans and drills 
and routine maintenance at our sites. When spills do occur, we work to immediately stop 
the spill and mitigate any environmental effect.     
Reporting spills 
We are transparent in how spills are reported and tracked to identify potential trends 
or areas of focus. Our sites are required to report every spill and categorize accurately, 
regardless of the volume and whether the contents were captured in secondary 
containment.  
All reported spills are reviewed by an environmental subject matter expert who works with 
impacted sites to understand the nature and impact of the spill and assure accuracy of 
reporting.  Significant spill occurrences go through a stringent root cause analysis that 
identifies points of failure in processes that led to the spill. Detailed investigations are 
required immediately following a spill that document contributing factors and corrective 
actions to prevent future spills. 
In 2023, we focused heavily on the governance of spill reporting compliance and increasing 
data visibility across the business. We implemented and drove regular business reviews, 
focused site visits, site engagements and coaching.  Additional training and reference 
guides were developed to help our employees better classify and report spills accurately. 
Of note, we reduced our significant spill volume and chemical spills by 35.3% and 70.9%, 
respectively, compared to 2022.  The reduction of spill volume across our sites in 2023 is a 
reflection of our efforts to strengthen internal procedures, processes and culture.  
Reducing spills and reporting 
them transparently 
In 2023, we reduced 
our significant spill 
volume and chemical 
spills by 35.3% and 
70.9%, respectively, 
compared to 2022.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  86
By the NumbersWho we are

Category 2022 2023 % change from 2022
Significant spills* 827 535 -35.3%
Oil spills** 37 14 -62.2% 
Fuel spills** 3 1 -66.7% 
Waste spills** 1 0 -100.0%
Chemical spills** 378 110 -70.9%
Our spills in 2023
Table 4-8: Spill volume (barrels)  
*Significant spills exclude third party, clean water, clean gravel and inert gas.  
**Denotes the subset of significant spills that have reached soil and/or water.
Figure 4-15: Spill volume by type (barrels) 
Oil spills Fuel spillsSignificant spills
535
827
20232022 20232022 20232022 20232022 20232022
37
14 3
1
Waste spill Chemical spills
01
378
110
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  87
By the NumbersWho we are

Preventing and reducing spills at our sites
We strongly believe in being proactive to avoid spills through periodic inspection and routine 
maintenance. We have robust internal standards and processes to identify any risks of 
spills and have established control measures, including secondary containment and other 
engineering controls.  
Sites are expected to conduct and document periodic inspections to identify spill risk factors 
as outlined in our spill prevention and response procedure. Timely corrective actions or 
improvements must be implemented and tracked in our system of record. 
Spotlight on progress
Strategic outcome:   Reducing spills at our sites by 2035 
Business need: There is a need to reduce the number and volume of spills at our sites 
and operations to protect the health and safety of our employees, communities and the 
environment through routine inspections and maintenance.
Impact: In 2023, we inspected ~98% of the tanks at our sites and took action to repair all 
deficiencies found. We also performed preventative maintenance where necessary. These 
routine inspections serve a vital role as they protect our employees, sites and communities 
from possible water contamination and the release of hazardous substances. Through 
diligence in our commitment to inspect and repair tanks, we have seen a reduction in 
significant spills of 35.3% from 2022.
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 6.3: By 2023, improve water quality by reducing pollution, 
eliminating dumping and minimizing release of hazardous chemicals and materials, 
halving the proportion of untreated wastewater and substantially increasing recycling 
and safe reuse globally. Through our tank inspections and spill prevention and reporting 
processes we aim improve water quality and reduce pollution
 
Managing chemicals 
We follow our chemicals management procedure for the proper handling and management 
of chemicals at our sites and customer job locations. Baker Hughes is a longtime participant 
in ChemStewards®, a rigorous program to foster and improve upon a culture of facility 
safety, product stewardship, environmental safeguards, risk reduction and stakeholder 
engagement.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  88
By the NumbersWho we are

Water stewardship
Responsible water stewardship and the protection of water stressed areas helps mitigate 
the adverse effects of climate change. As an organization, we are committed to conserving 
and protecting natural resources throughout the water cycle and effectively managing our 
withdrawal, consumption and water discharge in water-stressed locations and elsewhere. 
Many of our operations and tests require the withdrawal and consumption of water. Still, 
due to the nature of our operations, it does not significantly impact water availability in the 
regions where we operate. To achieve our objective of minimizing the resources we use, we 
have committed to reducing our usage of water in our water-stressed sites by 2030. 
In 2023, our total water withdrawal decreased by 7.2% to 2,984.4 Megaliters (ML) in 2023 from 
3,214.3 ML in our 2022 base year. Our total water discharge was down 12.3% to 2,329.7 ML in 
2023 from 2,655.0 ML in our 2022 base year.  The increase in consumption was attributed to 
challenges with aging infrastructure and meters impacted by adverse weather.        
Table 4-9: Total water use (ML) 
Water Withdrawn (ML) Water Consumed (ML) Water Discharged (ML)
2022 2023 % change 2022 2023 % change 2022 2023 % change
Surface water 0.1 0.0 -100.0%
559.0 654.7 +17.1%
55.0 41.6 -24.4%
Groundwater 618.0 646.6 +4.6% 45.0 34.5 -23.3%
Municipal water 2,596.0 2,337.8 -9.9% 2,536.0 2,239.1 -11.7%
Seawater 0.2 0.0 -100.0% 19.0 14.5 -23.7%
Total 3,214.3 2,984.4 -7.2% 559.0 654.7 +17.1% 2,655.0 2,329.7 -12.3%
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  89
By the NumbersWho we are

Water stressed sites  
We assess areas of water stress using the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct tool. Out 
of our total 787 sites as of year-end 2023, 91 sites were in an area of high water risk and 61 
were located in an area of extremely high water risk based on their physical, regulatory and 
reputational risk profile. An additional six sites were reclassified to a water risk area from 2022.  
In 2023, our water consumption in water stressed areas increased by 80.3% compared to 
our 2022 base year, with our 2023 consumption at 23.4 ML. Our water withdrawn from these 
areas remained roughly the same, marginally decreasing from 410.0 ML in our 2022 base 
year to 409.2 ML in 2023 and water discharged to these areas decreased from 397.0 ML in our 
2022 base year to 385.7 ML in 2023.  The site reclassifications made in 2023 contributed to the 
observed increase in water withdrawal and water consumption at water stressed sites.   
Risk identification and mitigation   
The enterprise HSE team oversees water quality standards and provides site teams with 
effective tools to manage risks, promote effective water management and elevate our 
conservation practices. Our global water quality protection procedure sets the minimum 
standards and requirements for all sites and operations globally, regardless of risk 
profile. Sites with high or extremely high water risk are required to complete an additional 
assessment to evaluate their activities where water is used and identify options for 
conservation, improved efficiency and risk mitigation. In 2023, 17 water conservation and 
management assessments were completed.  
Water Withdrawn (ML) Water Consumed (ML) Water Discharged (ML)
2022 2023 % change 2022 2023 % change 2022 2023 % change
Surface water 0.1 0.0 —
13.0 23.4 +80.0%
27.0 15.2 -43.7%
Groundwater 152.0 137.3 -9.7% 15.0 8.1 -46.0% 
Municipal water 258.0 271.9 +5.4% 349.0 353.3 +1.2%
Seawater 0.0 0.0 — 6.0 9.1 +51.7%
Total 410.1 409.2 -0.2% 13.0 23.4 80.0% 397.0 385.7 -2.8%
Table 4-10: Water use in water stressed areas (ML) 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  90
By the NumbersWho we are

Protecting biodiversity and natural capital
We are committed to minimizing our adverse impacts on biodiversity, protected areas 
and areas of significant biological value at or near all our operational sites. We endeavor 
to minimize our environmental footprint, conserve natural habitats and protect and 
restore ecosystems through nature-based projects. Our conservation efforts focus on 
internal standards for establishing sites in new areas, sound environmental practices 
throughout our existing operations, employee volunteer efforts and foundation grants to 
support environmental efforts.  
As part of our commitment to biodiversity, our strategy aims to assess 100% of sites on 
biodiversity risk by 2030 and implement risk management programs for any identified 
high-risk sites. In 2023, we started training and awareness initiatives to progress this, with 
more engagements planned to achieve our strategic outcome.  
Assessing our impact on biodiversity  
We recognize the UNESCO “No-Go” commitment for Natural World Heritage sites as 
an important program for the protection of unique and valuable locations. We are 
concerned about the potential effects that industrial operations could have on protected 
and ecologically sensitive sites. In 2023, we continued our methods of engaging internal 
stakeholders to complete in-depth reviews of our sites. This includes locations in Mexico, 
Angola, Australia, France, Germany, the United States and the United Kingdom.  
We publicly disclose the presence of International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) 
Red List species on or adjacent to our Company locations. Based on our review, we had 
a total of 20 sites impacting, located adjacent to, or in protected areas. We identified 433 
species on the IUCN Red List that have habitats in areas that may be potentially affected 
by our operations. This is an increase from our 2022 reported species of 392. A total of 275 
species reported this year are classified as least concern. The increase in the number of 
species reported is attributed to the addition of sites in 2023 and the higher species count 
for areas in Alaska. 
We have integrated biodiversity assessments for all new or potential facilities for the past 
three years.  We aim to ensure that all facilities are thoroughly assessed to understand 
possible impacts on surrounding communities, protected areas or species. 
For our industrial sites, the review of environmental risks includes sensitive habitats, 
such as wetlands and the potential presence of protected species. We conduct formal 
environmental impact assessments as required by local regulations. This is particularly 
important for new business activities worldwide due to the continuing changes to our 
real-estate portfolio.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  91
By the NumbersWho we are

Spotlight on progress 
Biodiversity risk assessments 
Evaluating new 
frameworks 
In 2023, a strategic working group 
began evaluating the Taskforce on 
Nature-related Financial Disclosures 
(TNFD) framework. 
 Our framework 
evaluation began our journey 
to incorporate nature-related 
dependencies, impacts, risks and 
opportunities into our operations 
and decision-making processes. We 
will continue to evaluate the TNFD 
guidance that was published in 2023.
Strategic Outcome:  Assess 100% of sites for biodiversity risk by 2030 and implement risk 
management programs for high-risk sites
Business Need: We have an obligation to limit the impact that our operations have on  
the wildlife and biodiversity around them. To accomplish this, we require assessments of  
all of our sites and processes to limit exposure to at-risk sites. 
B
usiness Impact: In 2023, we started developing a comprehensive risk assessment  
program based on our current annual biodiversity survey. It will serve as the backbone 
f
or measuring the level of biodiversity and environmental risk at each of our locations. 
Laying the groundwork and defining these reporting parameters prepares the sites with 
the knowledge to assess and understand the requirements for upcoming biodiversity 
regulations accurately. 
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 15.4: Ensure the conservation of mountain ecosystems, 
including their biodiversity, in order to enhance their enhance their capacity to 
provide benefits that are essential for sustainable development. We are committed 
to minimizing our adverse impacts on biodiversity, protecting areas and areas 
of significant biological value at or near all our operational sites. We endeavor to 
minimize our environmental footprint, conserve natural habitats and protect and 
restore ecosystems through nature-based projects. As part of our commitment to 
biodiversity, our strategy aims to assess 100% of sites on biodiversity risk by 2023 and 
implement risk management programs for high-risk sites.
Contributing to reforestation efforts 
Through the Baker Hughes Foundation, we develop partnerships with conservation 
organizations and fund environmental projects that protect biodiversity and minimize the 
effects of climate change. While Baker Hughes is not involved in deforestation, we strive to 
support environmental projects, such as the preservation of sensitive forest areas.
See our One Tree Planted Spotlight on Progress in the People chapter for more details. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  92
By the NumbersWho we are

Positioning ourselves early as 
a key technology provider
Our proactive policy framework  
People around the world are calling for greater sustainability in their communities and 
governments are responding. As part of our sustainability strategy, we track policies 
worldwide to remain a leader in bringing solutions to our customers. Anticipating policy 
developments helps us identify regions and sectors where policies are constructive to 
supporting technologies such as carbon capture, hydrogen, geothermal and emissions 
management. We also provide technical assistance to governments so that policies are 
technology-neutral and achieve societal objectives. 
Understanding sustainability policy also makes good business sense. It helps us better 
understand our customers’ needs and how best to address them. Governments are 
setting targets and associated regulations to reduce emissions and pushing companies 
to disclose their environmental impacts. Whether it be new regulations to disclose 
climate risk in the United States or a broader set of disclosures concerning environment, 
social and governance in the European Union, we strive to be ahead of the curve in 
terms of compliance. Our approach to public policy has helped us recognize this push 
for transparency and develop new ways to provide related information to our customers.  
Developing low carbon energy solutions    
We have over 10 years of experience developing technology solutions that address 
several areas within the CCUS value chain. These include technologies for post-
combustion capture, compression, flexible pipelines, subsurface storage and long-term 
reservoir integrity and monitoring. 
Although we have executed many global projects in these areas, we need to go beyond 
our current state and continue to innovate to enable our partners to utilize lower carbon 
solutions. Therefore, we are collaborating with industry leading companies to further our 
involvement and expertise in direct air capture and carbon capture. 
We have been active in geothermal hotspots for over four decades with projects in more 
than 30 countries across six continents. The Company is also investing in sustainable 
energy technology to advance long-term solutions for a lower carbon era, including 
hydrogen, geothermal and CCUS, while growing our new energy portfolio and orders 
totaling $0.6 billion for IET and $0.2 billion for OFSE.  
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 7.4: By 2030, enhance international cooperation to 
facilitate access to clean energy research and technology, including renewable 
energy, energy efficiency and advanced and cleaner fossil-fuel technology and 
promote investment in energy infrastructure and clean energy technology. We 
made a strategic investment with Baseload Capital, a specialized investment 
entity that funds the deployment of geothermal heat and power. This investment 
lays the groundwork for funding high-potential opportunities for development and 
operation while simultaneously propelling next-generation geothermal, hydrogen 
and CCUS technologies from pilot stages to commercial scale.
Emissions abatement   
Baker Hughes has more than 40 proven 
emissions management technologies 
that result in emission reduction, with 
solutions available from the reservoir 
to midstream and downstream. This 
includes gas technology solutions and 
upgrades that can extend equipment 
life, enhancing availability and 
performance while contributing to 
further emissions reductions. 
 In 2023, we continued to focus on 
enhancing equipment efficiency, 
starting from the design phase 
— including looking at innovative 
materials for manufacturing - because 
increased efficiency ultimately leads 
to less emissions. At Baker Hughes, 
we are committed to doing our part 
by reducing potential methane leaks 
across the upstream, midstream and 
downstream gas value chain. 
In March 2023, 
we announced a 
memorandum of 
understanding with 
Ecopetrol to foster the 
use of geothermal 
energy in Colombia.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  93
By the NumbersWho we are

Utilizing geothermal energy 
Geothermal energy and related technology innovation is a continued priority for Baker 
Hughes. We continued to make progress on top of our long history with geothermal 
involvement; we believe that geothermal energy is a long-term solution that will support 
the achievement of a lower carbon world. In 2023, Baker Hughes continued to take an 
active role to accelerate the investment and importance of geothermal energy use. 
Our active history in geothermal hotspots spans over four decades, with projects in more 
than 30 countries across six continents. We champion continuous investments across 
sustainable energy technology in order to support innovation for a better future.  
Developing hydrogen solutions
We know hydrogen is a key long-term player in the energy transition. The combustion of 
hydrogen produces zero emissions and the production of hydrogen can be completed 
with little to no emissions. Both of these facts make it a key player in our CTS portfolio. 
Baker Hughes has been developing technologies and solutions in the hydrogen space 
for over 100 years, with capabilities serving the entire value chain — compressors, gas 
turbines, valves, centrifugal pumps, non-metallic pipes, hydrogen sensors, monitoring and 
diagnostics solutions for production and storage.  
Since our introduction into the hydrogen space, we have 2,250+ hydrogen compressors 
installed, as well as more than 70 active hydrogen projects with our turbine technology.
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity 
At Baker Hughes, we recognize the challenges of climate change, but we also see the 
opportunities for growth that stem from a resource-constrained but innovative world. The 
transition to a low carbon economy is a driving factor of our strategy and we made it a 
priority to enhance our business resiliency by pursuing new commercial opportunities for 
us and our customers while managing physical risks to the Company.  
To position ourselves for long-term success, our business, in accordance with the Task 
Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations, developed 
quantitative analyses of physical and transition risk due to climate change. These 
analyses helped provide more insight on diverse implications of changing climate on our 
business over three time horizons: short-term (five years), medium-term (5-10 years) and 
long-term (beyond 10 years). 
In line with the TCFD recommendations, we divide our risk assessment into two major 
categories: risks related to the physical impacts of climate change as well as risks and 
opportunities related to the transition to a lower-carbon economy. To that end, we are 
continuously working on improving methodology and data accuracy. In 2023, we fully 
automated our TCFD physical risk computation process.
We continued to expand and reach 
milestones in 2023 which include: 
• W e established our new Hydrogen 
Testing Facility, which allows Baker 
Hughes to test turbines under all project 
conditions, providing our customers with 
enhanced operational confidence. 
•
 T
he NovaLT™16 turbines underwent 
full load testing at the newly unveiled 
Hydrogen Testing Facility. This family of 
turbines can be deployed for a variety 
of industrial applications, including 
combined heat and power, as well as for 
pipeline and gas storage operations. 
Increasing our research 
and development funding 
by external sources year 
over year 
We partner with research centers 
worldwide on projects that scale up 
the energy solutions of tomorrow, 
often joining with our customers to 
create diverse consortia that include 
academic institutions, government and 
the private sector. We also aim to build 
on our technology by developing new 
products and patents that keep us at 
the forefront of the competitive market.  
Government grants for research, 
development and deployment are an 
important indicator of our success 
in leveraging these opportunities. In 
2023, we received more than triple the 
amount of grant awards over the prior 
year where Baker Hughes was either a 
primary or sub-recipient on a project.   
We are also involved in a number of 
projects where we do not receive funds 
but are providing a share of the total 
cost to support their success.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  94
By the NumbersWho we are

Physical risk management 
A comprehensive and robust physical risk assessment program is important to satisfy the 
requirements of governments and regulatory bodies in a growing number of countries. This 
assessment enables informed decisions on where and when to allocate our capital and 
resources to prevent or mitigate the impact of climate change. 
Our physical risk assessment determines risks related to specific weather perils and financial 
exposure for all Baker Hughes facilities worldwide. In addition, we determine risk of business 
disruption for selected sites of our critical suppliers. We highlight the risk of severe weather 
events for 10 diverse types of weather using Jupiter ClimateScore™ predictive climate data 
analytics, according to three scenarios: RCP2.6, RCP 4.5 and RCP8.5 by Intergovernmental 
Panel on Climate Change’s (IPCC) fifth revision of projected socioeconomic global changes 
scenarios (IPCC SSP5). We then specifically modeled potential losses related to damages, 
business disruptions and productivity losses for the four most impactful weather perils: flood, 
wind, extreme heat and wildfires between 2020 and 2050. 
In 2023, our sustainability and digital technology experts collaborated to automate the 
physical risk assessment and develop data extraction and visualization tools. Simultaneously, 
we also provided insights and training to Baker Hughes’ functional managers to help them 
access the rich information provided by the analyses and promote its use.   
For our operational footprint in 2050, we estimate average annual maximum losses of 
approximately $49.1 million in damages, $165.9 million in business disruptions and $10.4 
million in productivity losses based on a greater than 4°C IPCC climate scenario (SSP5-
RCP8.5), with total maximum exposure of $225.4 million, compared to $197.8 million in 2020, 
a 14.0% increase. Higher risk exposure in 2050 is driven by the rising probability of extreme 
weather events or their increased severity for some locations in the next 30 years. 
Detailed weather risk profiles and 
related financial exposure calculations 
are available for every single facility, 
country, business segment and product 
line. We incorporate the results of this 
assessment into our enterprise risk 
management, business continuity and 
facility response planning, prioritizing 
our mission critical sites and sole 
source suppliers in locations with 
moderate to high risk of losses related 
to weather perils. Furthermore, the data 
is beneficial in mid- and long-term 
strategic business planning, helping to 
identify and mitigate risk exposures to 
our infrastructure and logistics. Data is 
also harmonized with our environmental 
impact investment decisions and we 
are starting to incorporate it in due 
diligence for mergers and acquisitions 
to ensure that we are managing cost 
and risk using all available information. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  95
By the NumbersWho we are

Transition risk and opportunity 
Transitioning to a lower carbon economy requires extensive policy, legal, technology and 
market changes. There is increased focus from governments and our customers, investors 
and other stakeholders on climate change, sustainability and other energy transition 
matters. Concerns and perceptions of industry or fossil fuel products and their relationship 
to the environment have led governments, non-governmental organizations and 
companies to implement initiatives to conserve energy and promote the use of alternative 
sources, which may reduce the demand for and production of oil and gas in areas of the 
world where our customers operate and thus reduce future demand for our products and 
services. In addition, initiatives by investors and financial institutions to limit funding to 
companies in fuel-related industries may adversely affect liquidity and access to capital. 
The transition risk assessment derives estimated financial impact on our business from 
modeled portfolio responses to three energy market scenarios as published by the 
International Energy Agency: the 1.5°C Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario, the Announced 
Pledges Scenario and Stated Policies Scenario. These scenarios lay out three distinct 
trajectories for future energy markets based on different adoption speed for the reduction 
of anthropogenic GHGs. When applied to our existing portfolio, these might drive wide 
revenue impacts across different businesses.  
The analysis also provides better understanding of new markets and helps estimate yield 
potential from future portfolios. While we recognize the potential for transition risk, we are 
resolved to play a key role enabling an orderly low carbon transition. Our future success 
may depend upon our ability to effectively execute on our energy transition strategy, 
including our capacity to develop additional innovative technologies and work with 
customers and partners to advance our new energy portfolio such as CCUS, hydrogen 
energy, geothermal and other integrated solutions. If the energy landscape changes faster 
than anticipated or faster than we can transition, or if we fail to execute on our energy 
transition strategy as planned, demand for our technologies and services or access to 
capital could be adversely affected.  
In the long-term scenario, we predict that our existing portfolio will generate growth under 
the Stated Policies Scenario, accompanied by increasing revenue contributions from our 
energy transition portfolio. We also estimate that any potential material declines in revenue 
from our current portfolio under the Announced Pledges Scenario or the Net Zero Scenario 
can be mitigated by revenue growth from our energy transition portfolio.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  96
By the NumbersWho we are

Principles
Our Principles strategy 98 
Ensuring sustainable governance 99 
Championing ethics and compliance 105 
Upholding the highest HSE standards 113 
Baker Hughes   97Sustainability Report 2023
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023   97
By the NumbersWho we are

As a company, we are committed to delivering on our corporate strategy ethically and 
sustainably to instill trust in our employees, customers, shareholders and local communities. 
To deliver on this promise, we must be transparent in the challenges we face and how we 
mitigate them. Since the release of our Principles strategy in 2022, we have endeavored 
to uphold the highest health, safety and environmental standards while championing 
compliance and ethics throughout our business. We must continue to do our part to lead 
with integrity, foster a culture of transparency and take energy forward.  
This is why we incorporate strong governance practices that identify our key challenges and 
the controls we have in place to mitigate risks.  
Our Principles strategy 
Figure 5-1: Sustainability Principles Strategy 
Goals 
what we aim to deliver
Objectives 
how we will deliver success
Strategic Outcomes  
how we will track progress
Drive a culture 
of transparency 
and integrity — 
doing the right 
thing beyond 
compliance  
Champion 
compliance  and ethics 
•  1 00% of targeted personnel training 
annually on human rights policies 
and procedures 
•
 S
pecialized human rights training 
completed for >80% SSRP auditors and 
sourcing by 2025
•
 P
rocess to record, track and monitor 
human rights grievances in place Q1 
2024 
•
 1
00% completion of annual Board 
training and select executive staff for 
ESG-related topics 
•
 A
lign annual executive compensation 
to ESG outcomes by 2025
•
 1
00% of employees including 
governance body members 
completed Code of Conduct training 
annually by 2024
•
 T
otal Recordable Incident Rate <0.3
•
 A
ll Perfect HSE Days
•
 *
Active suppliers assessed for 
environmental criteria every three 
years
•
 9
0% of SSRP audit red-flag findings 
closed within 90 days
•
 9
0% completion rate for SSRP planned 
audits
•
 *
80% of suppliers agreeing to BH 
Integrity Guide by 2030
Ensure sustainable 
governance
Take energy 
forward 
responsibly 
and with 
integrity and 
transparency 
Uphold the highest 
health, safety and 
environmental  
standards 
Strive for principled, 
diverse and inclusive 
supply chains 
What’s new in 2023
In the following sections, you will 
read about actions we’ve taken to 
advance our Principles strategy 
as well as some of the impactful 
initiatives to show our progress. 
Some headlines, that will be 
covered in more detail include:   
We established the Global FRAME 
(Fit for Remote Assignment Medical 
Exam) and Malaria Prevention 
Program, which are designed 
to reduce risk by keeping our 
employees healthy and able to 
deliver our services and products 
for our customers. 
Results from our human rights 
survey with our suppliers indicated 
that more than 90% of respondents 
align with the Baker Hughes 
supplier code of conduct.
We enhanced existing processes 
for recording and monitoring 
the resolution of human rights 
grievances. 
*As defined by SSRP criteria
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  98
By the NumbersWho we are

Ensuring sustainable governance
Corporate governance 
Our framework for corporate governance is set forth in our Governance Principles , committee 
charters and our Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws , which can be found on our website. 
Our Governance Principles provide guidelines for Board matters, including the leadership 
structure of the Board. Written charters for the Board’s Audit Committee , Human Capital 
and Compensation Committee , Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee  and 
Finance Committee describe the roles and responsibilities of each committee.  
Our Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors for Baker Hughes Company sets high standards for the Company’s 
officers, directors and employees, to do the right thing beyond compliance. These standards 
include our Code of Conduct, policies and procedures. Strong corporate governance is 
the cornerstone of our strategy and helps guide our we do business in a principled, ethical 
way that our investors can trust. The duty of the Board is multifaceted. The Board serves as 
a prudent fiduciary to maximize shareholder value, champion compliance and ethics and 
ensure sustainable governance of the Company’s business. In addition, our Board of Directors 
believes that safety, health, integrity, compliance and human rights are foundational 
elements of our culture, driven by our core values to grow, collaborate, lead and care. 
Operating responsibly and with accountability to serve the best interests of our stakeholders 
requires sound corporate governance. Our Board recognizes that minimizing environmental 
impacts of our operations, fostering employee engagement and respecting human rights by 
creating an environment of respect, integrity and fairness for our employees and customers 
wherever we do business — is fundamental to the long-term success of our Company.  
The Board has adopted and adheres to corporate governance practices, which the Board 
and management believe promote transparency within the culture of our Company 
and represent best practices. Both the Board and management recognize that the long-
term interests of shareholders are advanced by responsibly addressing the concerns of 
stakeholders and interested parties including employees, customers, suppliers, communities, 
government officials and the public at large.   
Our Board exhibits a broad mix of skills, experience, diversity and perspectives, collectively 
demonstrating leadership and a substantive understanding of our strategy as an energy 
technology company. Our directors’ sustainability expertise includes direct experience 
with human resources and talent development, legal and corporate governance issues, 
environmental and safety regulations, along with risk oversight including cybersecurity, 
finance and operations. Our Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee, which 
recommends director candidates for annual election, evaluates the composition of the Board 
annually and identifies desired skills, experience and capabilities. The committee strives 
to maintain a board with varied expertise and perspective and one that reflects diversity, 
including but not limited to gender, ethnicity, background and experience. 
As part of our sustainability strategy, 
our Board of Directors received 
ESG-specific training in 2023 to 
further enhance their knowledge 
and understanding of evolving ESG 
matters. Our director education 
program assists Board members 
in fulfilling their responsibilities. 
In addition to the onboarding 
program, directors are provided 
ongoing education through in-
depth presentations on topics such 
as strategy, operations, the energy 
transition, cybersecurity, ESG-related 
issues, enterprise risk management, 
DEI and legal and regulatory 
matters. These presentations can be 
from management or with outside 
experts as needed. The Board 
periodically holds Board meetings 
at facilities or other sites important 
to the business where directors 
engage with employees in a more 
informal setting. Directors are also 
encouraged to attend third-party 
educational programs and training. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  99
By the NumbersWho we are

Contacting the Board
To provide our shareholders and other 
interested parties with a direct and open 
line of communication to our Board, 
shareholders may communicate with 
any member of the Board, including 
our independent lead director, the 
chair of any committee, or with 
the non-management directors of 
Baker Hughes as a group by sending 
such written communication to our 
Corporate Secretary, c/o Baker Hughes 
Company, 575 N Dairy Ashford Rd, Suite 
100, Houston, TX 77079, United States 
or by email at boardofdirectors@
bakerhughes.com. 
 L to R: Chika Kejeh, Senior Finance Manager 
- Investor Relations | Sorani Montenegro,  Staff 
Engineer, Systems, Product Design and Engineering
Board of Directors management meetings
Meetings of the Board are scheduled quarterly each calendar year, at which it reviews and 
discusses the performance of the Company, its plans and prospects, as well as immediate 
issues facing the Company. Directors are expected to attend all scheduled Board and 
committee meetings and the annual meeting of shareholders. 
In addition, the Board has established the following committees to assist the Board in 
discharging its responsibilities and general oversight of management, including:
• A udit Committee 
•
 F
inance Committee 
•
 G
overnance and Corporate Responsibility Committee 
•
 H
uman Capital and Compensation Committee
The responsibilities of these committees are available in our Proxy statement . 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  100
By the NumbersWho we are

Oversight of energy transition   
strategy and initiatives
Audit Committee
•
 ESG disclosure in SEC filings
• Human rights concerns
• Cybersecurity
• Supplier audit program
Finance Committee
•
 ESG investments
• Investor relations
Governance and Corporate 
Responsibility Committee
•
 Corporate Sustainability Report
• ESG reporting standards/metrics
• HSE program
• Human trafficking
• ESG policy/regulatory updates
• Charitable giving
• Political contributions
• Board composition and governance
Human Capital and Compensation 
Committee
•
 DEI
• Compensation tied to ESG
• Competitive benefits and compensation
• Talent retention
• Succession planning
• Training and development
• Talent planning/culture for energy 
transition
The Board’s Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee has oversight 
responsibility of our environmental matters including monitoring our sustainability strategy 
and initiatives and management of sustainability-related risks. The Governance and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee receives regular reports from management on the 
Company’s environmental, health and safety, corporate responsibility and sustainability 
activities and risks, including progress on our net-zero emission goals and execution, our 
scope 3 framework, our ESG reporting frameworks and ESG ratings.  The Governance and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee also oversees the publication of this report.  
The primary responsibility for developing, managing and executing our sustainability 
strategy rests with our management team. Our CSO oversees our sustainability strategy 
and chairs our Sustainability Steering Team. The Steering team works with subject matter 
working teams to manage our sustainability priorities, set goals, monitor our progress 
and coordinate our sustainability reporting. We also have a formalized sustainability 
management structure with designated executive sponsors, including the Chief Legal 
Officer, the Executive Vice President of People, Communications and Transformation and the 
Senior Vice President of Enterprise Operational Excellence that report to the Chairman of the 
Board and CEO. Additionally, we have created a legal sustainability group that collaborates 
with the CSO to embed the developing ESG legal obligations into policies and to promote 
effective implementation. 
On a working level, sustainability is driven by a unified approach, across all functions and 
both segments, working with our People, Planet and Principles teams to operationalize 
sustainability. The actions of these teams are described within this report.  
So that everyone at Baker Hughes is responsible for sustainability, we plan to align 
annual executive compensation to ESG outcomes by 2025. We have a strong stated 
and demonstrated commitment to reduce scope 1, 2 and 3 carbon emissions over time, 
alongside many additional ESG-related objectives. The ESG-related metrics included in 
our short-term incentive plan, as discussed and approved by the Human Capital and 
Compensation Committee each year and socialized with many of our investors during 
biannual engagement sessions, including HSE-related goals, DEI representation goals 
across multiple employee groups and scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction goals relative 
to our 2019 base year. Also included is development of the scope 3 emissions reduction 
roadmap for our internal scope 3 emissions reduction goal. Additional information can be 
found in our proxy filings. 
Governance of sustainability 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  101
By the NumbersWho we are

Buffering sustainability risks through our  
Enterprise Risk Management process 
We identify risks to our strategic and business objectives utilizing an effective ERM process 
— a risk-based management and continuous monitoring program that is aligned to the 
business cycle, leading to more informed decision-making and building resilience across  
the organization. 
O
ur ERM process includes an annual risk review with representatives of business segments 
and various functions to proactively identify and monitor key risks and opportunities that 
have significant potential to affect our business or strategy.  
Key risks are rated according to probability, impact and preparedness. Those that are 
identified as material require enhanced monitoring and improvement efforts.  
The top identified risks are reviewed with executive leadership for validation and alignment. 
Executive sponsors are assigned to the top risks and key risk indicators and mitigation 
actions are established. The ERM Steering Committee has oversight over the ERM program 
and can recommend further analysis or, in some cases, specific improvements to strengthen 
the Company’s safeguards. 
The ERM program is reviewed annually by the Board of Directors and the top ERM risks are 
reviewed via various committee meetings.  
Given the interconnectedness of key risks, the ERM team works closely with risk champions 
across various levels of the organization to introduce, support and promulgate risk 
management behaviors and to ensure an integrated approach to risk management.
 Fabrizio Paone, Senior Engineer, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  102
By the NumbersWho we are

Tax
We are committed to ensuring compliance with tax requirements worldwide and to 
maintaining an open and constructive relationship with tax authorities. We have zero 
tolerance for tax evasion and maintain procedures to prevent the facilitation of tax evasion.  
We recognize that, among our duties to our shareholders, we have an obligation to pay 
no more tax than is due under the laws and regulations of countries in which we and our 
subsidiaries operate, in accordance with rules set by governments.  
In 2023, we reported net income tax paid, net of refunds, to governments totaling $595 million. 
Our income tax payments are disclosed as part of our audited financial statements. Our 
United Kingdom tax strategy is publicly available and can be found on our website .  
The Chief Tax Officer is responsible for implementation of our tax strategy, reporting directly 
to the Chief Financial Officer. The Chief Tax Officer is supported by a team of internal tax 
professionals based in primary operational locations.  
We understand that sometimes there is more than one tax outcome in commercially 
motivated transactions. However, we do not willfully engage in tax schemes nor structure 
transactions in such a way that our tax team considers the transactions contrary to the clear 
intentions of the tax legislation concerned.   
Tax incentives and exemptions are sometimes implemented by governments and fiscal 
authorities in order to support investment, employment and economic development. Where 
these exist and are applicable to our business, we seek to apply them in the manner intended, 
taking external professional advice where necessary. 
We monitor changes in tax laws and tax practices to manage tax risk. This is a key area  
of focus of our in-house tax professionals with regular training from both in-house subject 
m
atter experts and external advisors, to train staff on the skills to identify and address  
tax risks. Knowledge is shared among the tax group with the discussion of relevant tax  
technical information.  
O
ur approach to cooperation and transparency is beneficial to our stakeholders and 
investors, as well as to the governments in countries in which we do business. Transparency 
initiatives, such as Advanced Pricing Agreements (APAs), promote several advantages to 
governments, including access to business information and strategies as well as efficient 
staffing of audit resources. We have several APAs in process with key jurisdictions where  
we operate.   
W
e strive to achieve low-risk designations, which allows us to focus the resources of our 
tax organization on material transactions and ensure effective and efficient ongoing tax 
compliance. Pursuant to U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, companies typically 
are required to establish relevant tax reserves to cover instances where tax positions are 
uncertain, subject to audit or under dispute. We expect our ongoing efforts to engage in 
broader transparency with tax administrations to result in lower tax reserves over time.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  103
By the NumbersWho we are

Tax continued
It is our policy to be compliant, transparent and proactive in interactions with tax authorities. 
Where appropriate, we will engage with tax authorities to assist with the shaping of future 
legislation and tax policy. We will make fair and accurate disclosures in correspondence and 
returns and respond to queries and information requests in a timely manner.   
Where disputes arise with tax authorities, in areas of doubt or where legal interpretations 
differ, we endeavor to address the matter promptly, provide support for the position taken 
and resolve it in a responsible, open and timely manner.    
Questions or concerns about issues related to tax can be reported through:
• our  public website reportconcerns.bakerhughes.com  
•
 o
r by calling 1-800-288-8475 (toll-free, U.S. only)
The tax department plays a critical role in delivering value for the organization in four key 
areas of our sustainable development strategies: funding initiatives through grants, credits 
and discretionary incentives; understanding how to unlock value in indirect tax, property 
tax and excise tax; identifying value chain opportunities; and evaluating mergers and 
acquisitions through a sustainable business value lens. 
Tax can provide guidance on how to claim and utilize grants, credits and discretionary 
incentives.  The United States’ Inflation Reduction Act’s energy transition-related provisions 
highlight the tax function’s key role in advancing decarbonization goals and related 
investments in our sustainable development strategies.   
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  104
By the NumbersWho we are

S ilvia Sarti,  Operations Leader, IET
Championing ethics and 
compliance
Ethics and Compliance   
We have a leading global ethics and compliance program, which is designed to prevent, 
detect and appropriately respond to potential violations of law, our Code of Conduct and 
other Company policies and procedures. We believe this commitment to integrity  
across the entire organization is fundamental to running a sound, successful and sustainable 
b
usiness. Employees are encouraged to report any ethics or compliance concerns and 
can do so via a global network of trained employee ombudspersons; a dedicated website 
where employees can raise concerns anonymously; and a worldwide, 24-hour integrity 
helpline operated by a third party and available in approximately 150 languages. We recently 
complemented our formal compliance training program with monthly campaigns intended 
to reinforce key messages about open reporting and other key integrity topics, including anti-
bribery and anti-corruption awareness. 
Our Code of Conduct, approved by our Board of Directors, governs our behavior. Our 
compliance team, led by our Chief Compliance Officer, is tasked with the operationalization  
of the Code of Conduct.  
I
n order to drive a culture of transparency and integrity, our people are our compliance 
champions. In 2023, as a best practice, our Code of Conduct was reviewed and updated 
to reinforce our unified company culture of “One Baker Hughes.” Our goal is to equip our 
employees with the proper tools required to make principles-based decisions. Throughout 
the year, we leveraged working groups to capture input from the greater Baker Hughes 
organization along with external benchmarking to identify best practices. The new Code of 
Conduct sets forth the cultural integrity expectations that serve as the foundation for our 
sustainability framework, including People, Principles and Planet and our strategic business 
objectives as an energy technology company. Having sustainability embedded within our 
Code of Conduct is a critical step to weave sustainability more deeply into our culture.  
In addition, the compliance program 
executes monthly awareness 
campaigns on timely and current 
compliance topics facing the Company, 
the industry or the market. Integrity 
Moments are used by our people 
leaders to reinforce governance policies 
and messaging from our executive 
leaders on compliance during internal 
and external meetings. We maintain 
an online library of Integrity Moments  
available to all employees.  
Emerging legal risks, such as modern slavery, were also incorporated to define our stance against 
moral hazard. To emphasize our messaging further, our CEO reinforced his expectations of Baker 
Hughes employees in his address to our employees in our Code of Conduct.  
Our 3-in-1 Code of Conduct training equips our employees with the knowledge to judge the moral 
legitimacy of their decisions and apply our core values in business decision-making processes.  
Employees, including senior leaders, are required to annually complete online training on our 
Code of Conduct, which includes training segments on policies and procedures for human rights, 
anti-corruption, data privacy, cybersecurity, conflict of interest, trade compliance and other 
compliance topics. Our Board of Directors also annually certify to our Code of Conduct. In 2023, 
99.0% of governance body members and 97.5% of the entire employee population completed 
the annual Code of Conduct training. As part of our objective to champion compliance and 
ethics, each year we aim to reach 100% of our employee population, including governance body 
members, completing the Code of Conduct training.         
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  105
By the NumbersWho we are

Spotlight on progress
Strive for principled, diverse and inclusive supply chains
Strategic Outcomes:  Active suppliers assessed for environmental criteria every three years; 
Supplier Social Responsibility audit red-flag findings closed within 90 days; completion rate 
for SSRP planned audits; suppliers agreeing to BH Integrity Guide by 2030
Business Need: Our SSRP program helps us monitor our supply chain and address concerns 
in a timely manner. Ensuring integrity within our supply chain helps our business maintain 
a high level of accountability for our stakeholders. Governments across the world are 
beginning to pass new legislation requiring companies to identify, prevent and address  
the adverse impacts of their activities on human rights, the environment and good 
g
overnance throughout their supply chains. These types of legislation aim to promote 
responsible business conduct and contribute to sustainable development goals. As  
part of our sustainability strategy, we will be implementing specialized human rights  
training for our SSRP auditors and sourcing team by 2025. Last year, our 2022 CSR set  
forth aggressive goals for our supply chain organization.  
I
mpact: Our SSRP is intended to set standards for and monitor compliance of HSE 
performance, ethical conduct relating to human rights, fair treatment of workers and 
security. In addition, the program seeks to prevent, detect and appropriately respond to 
any potential violations of the law or Company policies. By 2030, we aim to have 80% of our 
suppliers agreeing to our Supplier Integrity Guide or equivalent. In the third quarter of 2023, 
we launched a human rights survey to gain further insights from our supply chain. 
Thus far, more than 90% of respondents align with Baker Hughes’ Supplier Code of Conduct. 
As a part of the SSRP, all new direct material suppliers are screened and assessed for social 
risks. Suppliers flagged as “high-risk” in these topics are further audited. If we find a supplier 
in violation of the responsibilities outlined in the Baker Hughes Supplier Integrity Guide , 
we suspend business relationships with them immediately. As of December 31, 2023, we 
achieved our goal to have a 90.0% of SSRP audit red-flag findings closed within 90 days. 
Throughout our supply chain, it is our goal to do business in the communities where we 
operate. Our local spend is the procurement dollar amount spent with suppliers local to the 
operation.  During the calendar year, our annual local spend with Tier 1 suppliers was steady 
at 80.0%.  
Baker Hughes is part of a broad global supply chain and we aim to ensure the suppliers 
we work with adhere to high standards. As a major equipment manufacturer and service 
provider, we continue to raise the bar of our industry & supply chain through our policies 
and programs. Our Supplier Integrity Guide  governs key aspects of our relationships with 
suppliers, contractors, consortium partners and consultants. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  106
By the NumbersWho we are

The SSC provides a key support service 
to our operating segments by verifying 
emissions reduction claims related 
to our specific products. In its second 
year of service, we leveraged our LCA 
tool across all products lines to drive 
the quantification and analysis of 
the estimated cradle-to-grave CO 2e 
emissions impact of our products and 
services. As we continue to develop 
tools and platforms to better quantify 
the emissions related to our products 
and services, we also empower our 
customers in their net-zero journey  
with integrity. 
Sustainability Support Center
As we continued to better understand our customers’ needs and meeting the increasing 
demand for verified ESG data, we continuously focus on enhancing our Sustainability 
Support Center (SSC) since its establishment in 2021. The SSC is our one-stop shop for internal 
employees to request ESG information. Through our SSC, we provide investor-grade data 
to drive quality decision making, enable collaboration with our customers and reduce risk 
within the Company.  
The SSC allows us to provide verified data to assist in bids, tenders and projects, as well 
as to fulfill other customer and stakeholder requests that come in via our employee base. 
Additionally, all emissions claims, such as reductions from operations, progress towards  
net-zero goals or emission reductions associated with a product or service, must be 
r
eviewed and validated by the SSC. 
In 2023, we received nearly 600 internal requests for topics including ESG management, 
social risks, emissions, emission reduction initiatives, supply chain, policy requests, ISO 
certification, non-discrimination policies and disclosures for our customers. Each request  
is received by our team of subject matter experts, who are uniquely trained to provide 
v
erified data or qualitative responses. Following a rigorous vetting process, our team is  
able to remit timely responses.  
Spotlight on progress
Supply chain and human rights  
Strategic Outcomes:  Achieve 100% of targeted personnel trained annually on human rights 
policies and procedures; specialized human rights training completed for >80% SSRP auditors 
and sourcing by 2025; process to record track and monitor human rights grievances in place 
in Q1 2024 
Business Need: Several jurisdictions increased mandatory reporting requirements for 
human rights due diligence. We took steps to further clarify our human rights expectations 
for our direct suppliers in the Supplier Integrity Guide and enhanced our own due diligence 
assessments to drill deeper into specific human rights risks. 
Impact: In 2023, we continued to enhance our human rights governance program. We 
identified a human rights program lead and a multifunctional human rights working group to 
guide the operationalization of our human rights program. We further developed processes 
for recording and monitoring the resolution of human rights grievances.
We provided our direct suppliers training on human rights issues and the process of 
conducting due diligence within their own supply chains. We also engaged with the 
Responsible Minerals Initiative  to address the potential for systemic human rights issues 
further up the supply chain. 
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 8.7: Take immediate and effective measures to eradicate 
forced labor, end modern slavery and human trafficking and secure the prohibition 
and elimination of the worst forms of child labor, including recruitment and use of child 
soldiers and by 2025 end child labor in all its forms.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  107
By the NumbersWho we are

Open reporting and consultation
We believe that a culture in which all employees maintain the highest levels of integrity, 
conduct business in a professional manner, treat one another with dignity and respect  
and support open communication without repercussions creates a better and more 
pr
oductive work environment. 
Employees and other stakeholders have several ways to raise compliance concerns  
and they are encouraged to report any ethics or compliance matters. We have a zero-
t
olerance policy against all retaliation. Our Fair Employment Practice policy prohibits 
retaliation against an employee for raising a concern about a potential violation of  
policy or law. Reporting mechanisms include raising a concern with their direct manager;  
a global network of Ombuds; a dedicated website where employees can report concerns  
and anonymize if desired; and a worldwide, 24-hour helpline operated by a third party  
that is available in approximately 150 languages. All concerns raised are investigated  
and treated confidentially. 
W
e take all allegations regarding our Code of Conduct, our policies and the law seriously. 
We investigate allegations with a rigorous and disciplined investigation process that drives 
consistency in process and in application. In 2023, we created Segment Disciplinary Review 
Committees that manage the implementation of disciplinary measures involving the 
potential of termination to ensure there is fair and consistent discipline applied on a  
global basis within the Company.      
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption 
In addition to our Code of Conduct training, which is aimed at preventing unethical 
behavior, we employ additional measures to monitor and mitigate high-risk areas. Our 
Code of Conduct includes a summary of our global anti-bribery and corruption policy, 
which prohibits bribery and facilitating payments in all business dealings, including with 
governments, employees of state-owned companies and private sector entities. We have 
internal controls to address bribery risks, including online and live trainings in countries 
where we operate and policies addressing compliance-sensitive activities, such as  
travel, expenses, charitable donations and transactions with third parties, including  
channel partners. 
F
or our ERM process, leaders from each business segment and functions hold workshops 
each year to discuss and assess compliance risks and deploy risk mitigation plans. In 2023, 
our two business segments, comprising 100% of our operations, were assessed for risks 
related to compliance.  Relevant risks identified as part of this process include bribery and 
corruption risks within our value chain. 
Supporting UN SDGs:
In support of UN SDG target 16.5: Substantially reduce corruption and bribery  
in all their forms.
  
How to report a concern:
a. by c alling 1-800-288-8475 (toll-free, 
U.S. only) 
b.
 b
y emailing bakerhughes.Ombuds@
bakerhughes.com
c.
 B
aker Hughes Compliance and 
Ethics Reporting Center website  
d.
 5
75 N Dairy Ashford Rd, Suite 100, 
Houston, TX 77079 United States 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  108
By the NumbersWho we are

Human rights 
Human rights are fundamental rights and freedoms to which every individual is equally  
and inalienably entitled. We recognize human rights as a universal obligation to uphold and 
a c
ore principle to our business practices. As a signatory of the UN Global Compact (UNGC), 
we are committed to advancing the Ten Principles of the UNGC and the SDGs.  
Our Human Rights Policy applies to all employees, business partners, vendors, suppliers and 
contractors. This policy is informed by the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human 
Rights and our Code of Conduct. It is supported by a framework of policies and guidelines, 
setting forth the expectations that we do what is right and safe, considering the well-being of 
our people, suppliers, customers, communities and environment.
We integrate onboarding, training, management, due diligence and reporting systems to 
identify, prevent, mitigate and take prompt corrective action where appropriate to address 
identified compliance issues. Due diligence tools we rely on include, but are not limited to, 
legal and regulatory compliance reviews and supplier audits. When adverse human rights 
impacts are identified relating to our business activities or from linkages to our operations, 
we are committed to taking timely and transparent action, including appropriate steps, 
where relevant, to remediate them in a fair and equitable manner. Grievance mechanisms 
are available for individuals across our value chain. Confidentiality is respected and 
individuals may choose to remain anonymous. 
 
  S tefano Vanghi , Team Leader - Testing 
and Qualification, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  109
By the NumbersWho we are

Our human rights pledge 
A human rights program lead was appointed in 2023, adding leadership to our human 
rights governance. To aid in the operationalization of our human rights program, we also 
established a multifunctional human rights working group. Furthermore, we enhanced 
existing processes for recording and monitoring the resolution of human rights grievances.  
With the increase in mandatory reporting and human rights due diligence requirements in 
several jurisdictions, we focused on our supplier diligence policies and practices. We further 
clarified the human rights obligations for our direct suppliers in our Supplier Integrity Guide  
and enhanced our own due diligence assessments to drill deeper into specific human rights 
risks.  We provided our direct suppliers training on human rights issues and on the process of 
conducting due diligence within their own supply chains.  
We also engaged with the Responsible Minerals Initiative  t o address the potential for 
systemic human rights issues further up the supply chain.  
We commit to responsible business practices, high standards of integrity and ethical 
conduct, compliance with all applicable laws and respect for the rights and dignity of all 
people. We respect human rights as expressed in the International Bill of Human Rights 
and the fundamental conventions of the International Labour Organization Declaration on 
Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work. If there is a conflict between internationally 
recognized human rights and national laws, we will follow processes that seek ways to honor 
the principles of international human rights.  
The importance we place on respecting human rights is reflected in the fact that human 
rights are incorporated into our sustainability strategy, underpinning our commitment to 
integrity and ethical conduct.  
We prohibit slavery, servitude, forced and compulsory labor, human trafficking and child 
labor — collectively “modern slavery.” We prohibit discrimination or harassment against any 
employee or applicant based on race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex (including 
pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, veteran status 
or other characteristics protected by law (see our Fair Employment Practices Statement 
available on every vacancy announcement). 
We seek to provide a work environment free from all forms of harassment and bullying, 
including sexual harassment and furthering workplace health and safety.  
We respect the freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining.  
We respect individual privacy rights and commit to processing, collecting, handling  
and protecting personal information responsibly, in compliance with applicable privacy and 
i
nformation security laws, our Data Privacy Policy and related policies, guidelines  
and notices.  
W
e respect the human rights of local communities, including vulnerable, marginalized and 
indigenous groups. Our businesses engage with communities, customers, local governments 
and other key stakeholders to integrate local considerations into operational plans. In 
instances where local communities may be adversely impacted by our activities, our 
businesses are supported by functional teams and processes which work to manage and 
mitigate potential impacts on public well-being. 
  E rica Scrinzi , Senior Team Leader 
Materials Science, IET
Commitment at  
Baker Hughes 
We consistently endeavor to serve as a 
role model for high ethical conduct and 
to promote a culture of responsibility, 
sustainable development and respect 
for human dignity throughout our 
global operations and value chain. We 
place integrity first and value the trust 
of our employees, customers, business 
partners, suppliers, contractors, 
vendors and the broader communities 
we operate in and serve. Compliance 
with high ethical standards, good 
business practices and respect for local 
laws and regulations is a cornerstone of 
developing and sustaining this trust. 
Consistent with our longstanding 
principles, we stand firmly against all 
forms of exploitation including slavery, 
servitude, forced labor, child labor 
and human trafficking – collectively 
“modern slavery.”  We have and will 
continue to take measures to prevent 
and detect modern slavery and other 
human rights abuses in our operations 
and our supply chain.    
(Please continue to read the remainder 
of our Modern Slavery Act Statement for 
more information.) 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  110
By the NumbersWho we are

Data privacy and cybersecurity 
We respect rights to data protection and privacy. In 2023, we had three identified leaks, 
thefts, or losses of customer data and three substantiated complaints received concerning 
breaches of customer privacy.  
We maintain cybersecurity and digital trust, including data privacy, data governance and 
data protection compliance programs, aimed at protecting our systems and information, 
complying with relevant laws and regulations and maintaining a high level of trust. Our 
programs are focused on building digital trust through sound oversight of cybersecurity  
and data privacy protections and the responsible use of data and technology. 
W
e protect our digital systems and data through a comprehensive cybersecurity 
management program and we operate an integrated Cyber Fusion Center to coordinate 
resources, reduce incident response time and shift toward a proactive cyber-defense model.  
Oversight responsibilities for our cybersecurity and digital trust compliance programs 
and risks lie with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. To emphasize the Board’s 
commitment to cybersecurity, Director Rice obtained the National Association of Corporate 
Directors’ CERT Certificate in Cyber-Risk Oversight in 2023.  The Board recognizes the rapidly 
evolving nature of cyber threats and is committed to the prevention, timely detection and 
mitigation of the effects of any such incidents on the Company and our stakeholders. 
Our Audit Committee receives reports on the Company’s cybersecurity program and 
developments from our Chief Information Officer and Chief Information Security Officer at 
scheduled Board meetings. These reports include analyses of recent cybersecurity threats 
and incidents across the industry, review of our own security controls, assessments and 
program maturity and risk mitigation status. 
Our executive leadership is actively engaged in the oversight and strategic direction of our 
cybersecurity and digital trust compliance programs along with our risk mitigation efforts.   
Incident reporting and management 
Employees and stakeholders can report cybersecurity threats, data privacy incidents or 
other concerns through external and internal reporting channels. We have established 
policies and procedures for responding to cybersecurity and privacy incidents, including 
protocols for escalating to executive leadership, engaging external stakeholders and 
reporting incidents. In response to new regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) requiring registrants to disclose material cybersecurity incidents 
experienced and to annually disclose material information regarding their cybersecurity risk 
management, strategy and governance, Baker Hughes developed a Cybersecurity Incident 
Checklist for SEC Materiality Assessments and Disclosures.
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  111
By the NumbersWho we are

Cybersecurity  
We leverage the United States National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity 
framework to inform strategic direction and prioritize maturity improvement.  We engage 
third-party security experts for risk assessments and program enhancements, including 
vulnerability assessments, cybersecurity tabletop exercises and internal phishing awareness 
campaigns. We also maintain information security risk insurance coverage. The Company 
has not experienced a material cybersecurity breach to date. 
Spotlight on progress 
Cybersecurity awareness campaigns
Business Need: We need to have cyber-conscious employees to make our organization 
more secure and protect us from cyber attacks. 
Impact: The Cyber Security Awareness Champions Program is a group of coworker 
ambassadors dedicated to bringing valuable information, knowledge and tips to their 
respective departments to ensure our organization is cyber secure. This program is centered 
around the organization’s awareness theme of: Know. Do. Share. These ambassadors share 
best practices throughout the organization to help ensure that our employees know how to 
spot cybersecurity risks and the best ways to protect themselves.
Privacy and digital trust compliance    
Baker Hughes’ Global Digital Trust Compliance Program helps ensure that business and 
personal information is protected and handled in accordance with applicable laws, 
standards for privacy, cybersecurity and information governance, our policies and 
applicable contractual obligations. The mandate and goal of our Digital Trust Compliance 
Program is to mitigate risks with a trust-centered purpose and to drive accountability for 
compliance business obligations and responsible use of data and technology through our 
Company’s values, our Code of Conduct and our integrity programs. The program includes 
policies and procedures, enterprise risk assessment, privacy impact assessments, incident 
response and management, regular internal reviews, mandatory cybersecurity and privacy 
training and ongoing awareness campaigns for our employees to understand our policies 
and compliance requirements relevant to their functions.  
Product security   
Our product security approach spans 
three critical cornerstones: people, 
process and technology. 
It is based on international standards, 
regulations and industry best practices, 
such as:  
•
 I
SO 27001 — Information technology 
— Security techniques 
•
 I
EC-62443 suite — Industrial Network 
and System Security  
This holistic approach seeks to ensure 
that organizational and technical 
security measures are integrated into 
the product development lifecycle at all 
stages, from requirements specification 
to design, implementation, operation 
and maintenance. Methods and tools 
commonly accepted by both the 
security and industry communities are 
used to ship products free of known 
vulnerabilities.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  112
By the NumbersWho we are

Data at a glance:  
We saw progress on HSE 
engagement and training. 
•
 A
verage hours of HSE 
training for employees 
increased by 17.0% YOY  
(5.3 to 6.2) 
•
 N
umber of leadership 
engagements increased by 
9.5% YOY (64,550 to 70,667) 
•
 N
umber of sites certified  
to ISO 45001:2018  
increased by four YOY  
(61 to 65)
Three of our HSE safety  
metrics did vary modestly YOY 
due to increased operational 
activity for our customers.      
•
 T
RIR increased slightly to 
0.28 (from 0.22); however, 
this is still below our strategic 
threshold of less than 0.30
• N umber of perfect HSE  
days decreased by 18 YOY 
(217 to 199)
•
 T
otal Recordable Illnesses 
increased by 11 YOY (5 to 16)
Upholding the highest HSE 
standards  
Spotlight on progress
Strategic Outcomes:  Uphold the highest HSE standards; all perfect HSE days.
Business Need: We must continuously maintain a safe working environment for our 
employees and our customers.   
Impact: Our HSE training helps to educate and maintain our employee’s knowledge of safe 
working practices and procedures, increase awareness of risks and lower our incident rate. 
Our management maintains a goal of all Perfect HSE Days for our operations annually, 
helping to maintain vigilance for our safety culture. Measuring and analyzing impacts that 
reduce our perfect days enables us to reflect and improve.   
We are committed to acting responsibly and promoting a healthy, secure and respectful 
environment for our people, customers, partners and communities in which we operate. 
Our HSE Management System is an enterprise-wide framework that drives continuous 
improvement in our performance and legal compliance across our operations globally. 
It includes more than 50 global operational control procedures that detail minimum 
requirements for managing HSE risk in our operations, which apply to all our employees,  
sites and operations globally, including contractors and third parties working on behalf of 
B
aker Hughes. These policies and procedures conform to recognized ISO requirements.
Occupational safety
We strive to operate safely and responsibly to take care of our people, customers, partners, 
community and the environment. 
Our commitment to HSE starts at the highest levels of our Company and is embedded 
throughout all layers of the organization. To support our safety culture, our teams are required 
to complete recurring training. We offer 230 unique HSE courses including foundational 
training required for all employees, workplace and job specific training and human-
performance leadership training for managers. 
We strive for everyday to be a Perfect HSE Day, one without serious injuries, accidents, or harm 
to the environment.  We encourage and empower all employees to take an active role in 
“owning” HSE by stopping work when conditions are unsafe and reporting observations, near 
misses and stop-work events through open reporting channels. As part of our sustainability 
strategy and our objective to uphold high HSE standards, we have two objectives for HSE: to 
strive for our Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) to be less than 0.30 and to have 365 perfect 
HSE days. In 2023, our year-end TRIR was 0.28 along with 199 perfect HSE days. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  113
By the NumbersWho we are

Our approach to health and safety
HSE principles are embedded in everything we do and how we work — from protecting 
the safety of our teams, operations and the environment, to maintaining compliance with 
external parties, customers and regulatory requirements. 
Our commitment to HSE starts at the highest levels of our Company and is embedded 
throughout all layers of the organization. Our Senior Vice President of Enterprise Operations 
Excellence is responsible for our HSE systems and standards. Everyone at Baker Hughes 
plays a role in driving our culture to promote a safe, clean and productive environment 
to protect our team, deliver for our customers and minimize our environmental impact.  
Continuous learning, strong leadership and ongoing dialogue are essential to this process 
and our leaders play a critical role. Leadership engagements are one way we do this. 
These required monthly sessions aim to drive accountability while providing a consistent 
format for leaders to engage with their teams and track progress to make improvements 
over time. In 2023, we increased overall engagements by 9.5% over 2022. 
In 2023, we implemented additional measures for leaders including providing targeted 
messaging for engagements and reference materials. Expectations were reiterated to 
Company leadership on compliance for leadership engagements. Monthly scorecards 
tracking progress throughout the year were also established. In addition, we implemented 
an expansion of our tool to enable a wider selection of engagement categories and 
introduced a mobile application to efficiently record engagements in real-time while at a 
job site or facility.  
All employees and contractors have a responsibility and are empowered to actively own 
HSE to ensure the health and safety of everyone around them. In 2023, we logged 1,442,048 
HSE observations, a 34.5% increase in observations from the prior year.  
We use a risk-based approach to determine hazards that could lead to adverse HSE 
impacts, or cause processes to deviate from planned results. The risk management 
process includes hazard identification, risk analysis and risk mitigation.  The hazards 
determined to cause or contribute to cases of ill health during the reporting period are 
associated with exposure to extreme environmental temperatures and repetitive motion 
work activities.  Governance has been updated to include a work/rest schedule for extreme 
heat environments and educational communications have been developed to alert the 
organization of the hazard and potential risk control options.  The occurrence of repetitive 
motion musculoskeletal disorders is not common for our work, however and efforts are 
underway to improve occupational ergonomics for our teams.    
Protecting air quality 
We are committed to managing our 
air emissions aligned to industry best 
practices and regulatory standards. 
Through robust environmental 
practices, we aim to minimize routine 
air emissions and prevent emergency 
releases. We identify, assess, mitigate 
and control potential sources of 
air emissions from processes and 
operations, including both stationary 
and mobile sources. Where needed, we 
install emission-control devices, such 
as scrubbers, dust collection systems 
and paint booths to protect air quality 
and meet regulatory requirements. 
Across our business, employees 
have worked to minimize the use 
of chemicals that may pose a 
threat to the environment. Our 
environmental procedures prohibit 
the use of chlorinated hydrocarbon-
based solvents or ozone-depleting 
chemicals. We undertake an annual 
comprehensive survey across our 
operations to help us avoid the use of 
ozone-depleting substances. Our 2023 
survey results did not identify any use of 
these materials, excluding refrigerants 
used in air conditioning systems. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  114
By the NumbersWho we are

Our HSE Management System
Our HSE Management System is an enterprise-wide framework that drives continuous 
improvement in performance and compliance across our operations. 
We take a multi-tiered approach that enables leadership at various levels to create 
localized and relevant procedures. This approach allows for more detailed task-level 
standards and compliance with applicable obligations, including regulatory and 
customer requirements. All employees, including directly supervised contractors, are 
covered by the HSE Management System.  
The management system is formally reviewed annually to identify any changes or 
improvements from relevant stakeholder groups, such as regulators, industry, public and 
business operations. Identified improvements are adopted and revisions are published 
and communicated to the organization. Employees are encouraged to provide feedback 
and request revisions or clarification at any time. If changes are made to documents, we 
follow a revision publication process and communicate the changes to employees.  
Our HSE Management System and respective policies and procedures are certified by 
the recognized ISO certifications, ISO 14001:2015, Environmental Management Systems 
and ISO 45001:2018 Occupational Health and Safety. Depending on the business needs, 
for key operations, we hold individual or multi-site certifications to these standards. 16   
Independent reviews are 
conducted through the 
multi-site certification 
process and third-party 
verification.
16 Business needs may include a customer’s’ contractual requirements.
Sites certified to ISO 
14001, the international 
standard for Environmental 
Management Systems.
Sites certified to ISO 
9001, the international 
standard for Quality 
Management System. 
Sites certified to ISO 45001, 
the international standard 
for Occupational Health and 
Safety Management Systems.   
Sites certified to the 
ISO 50001 standard, the 
international standard 
for Energy Management 
Systems in support of our 
energy-efficiency goals. 
87
238
65
1
  M ichael Barry , Lead Chemical Engineer, OFSE
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  115
By the NumbersWho we are

Training to foster a safety culture 
We have an obligation to pursue all employees are trained and understand our HSE 
fundamentals. We have a comprehensive HSE training curriculum designed for the complex 
nature of our operational risk profile, enabling employees to gain technical awareness on 
risks and to recognize hazards. Training needs are assessed through evaluation of relevant 
regulations, applicable laws and risks associated with the employee’s job duties. Training 
topics include fatigue management awareness, stop work awareness, emergency and 
disaster preparedness and slips, trips and falls.  These trainings are deployed using our 
online learning system and in-person trainings are provided when required. Trainings are 
provided free of charge during paid working hours. 
All employees are assigned required HSE training, while contractors are assigned trainings 
based on need identified locally, with two training activities recommended to all contingent 
workers. Effectiveness of training is evaluated through analysis of incident trends, audit 
results and employee feedback. In 2023, we offered 230 HSE courses and employees 
completed 641,248 HSE trainings. On average, employees spent approximately 6.2 hours per 
year completing HSE training and contractors spent approximately 0.9 hours.    
Taking preventative measures 
In addition to training, we integrate policies, programs and initiatives to protect employees 
from health and safety risks and hazards, while promoting the overall well-being of  
our employees. By strengthening our focus on learning and improvement, we aim to 
m
inimize human error, mitigate incidents and continuously improve our HSE performance. 
Throughout the year, we continued our emphasis on proactive prevention measures,  
human performance and leadership engagements to discuss risk. 
L
ocal leadership periodically reviews and assesses related data trends, communicates 
feedback to employees and reviews and updates operational procedures as needed. We 
set clear targets and regularly track and assess our progress through annual management 
reviews, site self-assessments completed based on site risk criteria, internal audits 
conducted by trained employee auditors and third-party verifications from customers and 
the ISO registrar.   
Our risk assessment process is in place to identify, understand and mitigate impacts through 
proactive and preventative programs and control measures. Risks are assessed from the site 
or project level and include risks from transportation, material handling activities, remote/
offshore operations and other higher-risk activities related to pressure, lifting and rigging, 
electrical and process safety. 
Employees, contractors, or those 
directly involved with our activities 
are expected to stop work when 
conditions are unsafe and report 
observations, near misses and stop-
work events to management.  If an 
individual exercises their “stop work 
authority,” activities must be stopped 
immediately and may resume once 
the issue is addressed. When incidents 
do occur, they are tracked in our data 
management system, investigations 
are conducted, formal incident 
reviews are performed and corrective 
actions to prevent recurrence are 
implemented. In addition, learnings 
are disseminated to targeted 
employee populations with similar 
operational risks following an incident. 
We are saddened to report the loss of 
one of our employees who was fatally 
injured while conducting manual 
handling activities in the United 
States. Following this tragedy, we 
conducted a thorough investigation. 
Learnings and corrective actions were 
shared across the Company to ensure 
similar risks are addressed to prevent 
reoccurrence including technical and 
safety training, technical bulletins, 
vendor audits and updated standard 
operating procedures.  
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  116
By the NumbersWho we are

Process Safety Management  
Our Process Safety Management program is aligned to industry standards and best 
practices aimed at preventing or mitigating events that can cause catastrophic safety or 
environmental consequences. The program includes training, global and business-specific 
procedures, risk assessments, barrier management checklists, process safety operations 
fundamentals, management of change, audits and threat response. 
Process safety projects are ongoing within some of our operations. Process safety audits 
are conducted globally for performance assurance, including execution of a targeted 
audit strategy covering specific operational business units.  The audits help ensure 
adoption and sustainable performance of process safety risk management across the 
enterprise.  Learnings from incidents are used to focus on reliable execution of safety-
critical tasks as a key to reducing risk as low as reasonably practicable. The Process Safety 
Operations Fundamentals were designed as a human-factors tool to educate, reinforce 
and continually remind the workforce of their importance.  
Process safety events include barrier impacts and loss of primary containment events and 
are included in our leading and lagging performance indicators. The emphasis on leading 
indicators enables us to extract actionable insights from data without the impacts of high 
consequence events.  
In addition to project-based collaboration, engagement with customers, industry and 
regulatory agencies occur continually to advance process safety performance through 
learnings and best practice sharing. Other contributions to industry include technical 
publications or presentations, leading sessions in forums and conferences and projects 
with committees and workgroups.  
Aiming for zero process 
safety events
Our ambition to achieve zero process 
safety events drives our strategy and 
approach, which is centered around 
the following principles:  
01
Process safety hazards and risks are 
understood across the Company. 
02
Process safety is intrinsic to product  
and service delivery.
03
Sound risk mitigation is applied through 
operational and asset integrity.
04
Process safety is sustained through 
continual learning and improvement.
  G iovanna Tomaselli , Shop Operator, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  117
By the NumbersWho we are

Supporting workers’ health
At Baker Hughes, we believe that nothing is more important than the health, safety and 
well-being of our people. We believe that when we prioritize our physical and mental well-
being, it empowers all of us to be our best at work and at home.   
Our well-being strategy, Living Well, provides all employees and their families a wide 
variety of resources, benefits and learning opportunities designed to drive an inclusive 
culture and facilitate ownership of health and well-being. Throughout the year, we hosted 
events with health and wellness experts, helping to further embed wellness into leadership 
engagements and provided health and wellness resources and tools to all employees. 
Spotlight on progress: 
Living Well and Headspace   
Business Need: We need to ensure our employees have mental health and well-being 
resources to keep them healthy and happy.
Impact: The Living Well program, aligned with our value of care, focuses on mental well-
being. We believe that prioritizing our physical and mental well-being empowers us to be 
our best at work and at home. We understand that managing well-being is a personal 
process, so we aim to connect our employees with the resources they need, when they 
need them.
While there is no consensus around a single definition of well-being, the general  
agreement is that at minimum, well-being includes the presence of positive emotions 
a
nd moods with the absence of negative emotions, satisfaction with life, fulfillment 
and positive functioning. To support our well-being, Baker Hughes offers employees 
free access to a limited number of premium subscriptions for Headspace, a well-
being app, which is available in many languages for our workforce across the globe. 
Headspace provides access to content on stress management, sleep, focus, music, 
guided meditation, “wake up” videos and short workouts. It also has child-friendly content 
available to the children of our employees. A workforce with a strong well-being provides 
more stability for our Company and our customers. 
 
In addition to physical and mental health, we host dialogues across the Company on how 
safety, security, purpose and connections at work and in the community support our overall 
well-being. We understand that managing one’s well-being is a unique and personal process 
and we strive to connect employees with the resources they need, when they need them. 
We work with our health benefit providers and internal teams to offer employees health 
and wellness programs, telemedicine access, health screenings, immunizations, fitness 
reimbursements and virtual wellness tools. Our employee assistance program gives 
employees and their family members direct access to professional coaches for in-the-
moment counseling or referrals to community experts and extended care providers to help 
navigate daily life, manage remote work and cope with major life events.
“Health and safety is not just 
about the physical well-being 
of our workforce; we also strive 
to improve total well-being 
and reduce the potential 
for psychosocial risks and 
embed human performance 
principles in how we work. 
Our culture is comprised of 
many layers including robust 
training, regular engagements 
with leadership, open and 
transparent reporting and 
governance. We embrace 
a learning mindset to drive 
continuous improvement.”
— Bridget Todd, Enterprise HSE Leader
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  118
By the NumbersWho we are

Global occupational health
Baker Hughes continued to invest in the occupational health risk identification of our workers 
in 2023. Our medical staff have created two programs, FRAME and Malaria Prevention 
Program, which are designed to reduce risk by keeping our employees healthy and able  
to deliver our services and products for our customers. 
FRAME Program  
(Fit for Remote Assignment Medical Exam) 
The FRAME program provides a global standard process for employees who are assigned 
to work offshore, at onshore remote locations, or at customer sites that have a medical 
clearance requirement to undergo a comprehensive medical exam to determine their 
readiness to work in a remote environment. The program is administered by third-party 
administrators who ensure quality medical providers are used, a standardized medical 
protocol is followed, results assessment is consistent with industry standards and medical 
data privacy is maintained.    
Malaria Prevention Program 
The Malaria Prevention Program establishes requirements for a malaria control plan (MCP) to 
protect personal health. The program focuses on educating and preparing employees who 
are traveling to malaria-risk areas and outlines prevention measures that should be taken by 
Baker Hughes worksites located in malaria-risk areas.  
Travelers are provided ABCD education (Awareness, Bite Prevention, Chemoprophylaxis and 
early Diagnosis) through the travel booking process. In addition, travelers are informed about 
how to obtain preventive medication and supplies, personal behaviors to avoid mosquito 
bites and how/when to seek medical attention.  
Worksites are required to have controls in place to prevent breeding grounds for mosquitoes. 
Site-based Malaria Control Officers assist with providing training to local employees, 
distributing prevention supplies to incoming employees and visitors and supporting the 
investigation of confirmed malaria cases. 
We require customer-controlled facilities to have a Malaria Control Officer in place. Where 
possible, the customer should implement or support the Baker Hughes Malaria Prevention 
Program per the terms of the Baker Hughes and customer master contract. 
FRAME has many benefits: 
• O ur field employees are ready for 
remote assignment mobilization 
versus “having a certificate.”  
•
 F
ield employees are fit for remote 
assignment, helping to reduce 
possible interruptions to our services. 
•
 M
obilization teams have control 
to schedule in advance and avoid 
mobilization interruptions. 
•
 H
ealth, safety and medical teams can 
focus on leading indicators, detecting 
and mitigating health risks to workers 
in remote assignment locations. 
•
 P
revention efforts help to reduce risk 
and cost of health events. 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  119
By the NumbersWho we are

Global Disability Accommodation
Within our Global Occupational Health, medical staff have done initial work to develop policy 
and procedure guidance that will ensure all employees with disabilities have access to an 
interactive process to discuss options for reasonable accommodations in the workplace. 
Our employee well-being is linked to how we address matters of privacy, compliance and 
discrimination.  
The team has been working this year to assess activities globally and to collaborate with 
professionals across the business to develop the necessary information and documents for 
people leaders, employees and candidates with regards to disability accommodation. Our 
discussions factor in confidentiality, worker safety, business needs and essential job functions.  
Our United States Accommodation policy is based on the Americans with Disabilities Act. 
This new policy will enhance guidance for existing processes related to reproductive health, 
transitional work and travel. These documents ensure equity, consistency and resources for 
all who are in need.    
Plans for the coming year include finalizing policy and procedure documents and 
communicating them to relevant leaders and employees. Future plans for the team include 
development of education, training and advocacy for the hiring and retention of people  
with disabilities.    
Employee health and privacy
We emphasize the protection of personal information, including personal health data. We 
do not routinely house or capture personal health-related information unless required, such 
as vaccination status or medical accommodations. In situations where we collect personal 
health information, we follow strict access control and confidentiality policies including, but 
not limited to, our Personnel Privacy Notice and our Data Privacy Policy.  All personal health 
information on workers is maintained through our independent and highly vetted third-
party vendors that administer our benefit programs. Should any personal health-related 
information be collected, we have strict access control measures limiting visibility and 
management of data to only those required for the business process. 
  J uliana Magalhaes, Amauro Arsenio,  
Field Service Engineers, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  120
By the NumbersWho we are

Security 
We are committed to protecting our people, workplaces and operations and respecting 
communities globally through proactive risk-based, intelligence-led, data-driven security 
programs and mitigation measures. Our security team supports business segments, 
functions and regions, in accordance with global risk and operational structure. The  
security team oversees the administration, governance and implementation of the  
crisis management and business continuity programs through global standards and 
p
rocesses, training, exercises and ongoing engagement.   
At the center of our security operations is the Global Intelligence and Travel Security 
Operations Center focused on monitoring global developments, issuing timely updates, 
administering the travel security program for high-risk locations and operating the 
emergency notification system for critical communications and operational impact.  
Other priorities include monitoring global developments while educating and equipping 
employees to recognize, report and prevent an array of potential risks at our workplaces, 
while traveling or across our operations. Workplace violence, natural disasters, terrorism  
and broader socioeconomic or geopolitical risks are some of the potential risks monitored 
a
nd managed. 
Spotlight on progress
Indoor Drone Technology
Business Need: The Enterprise Security team seeks to align with Baker Hughes’ sustainability 
goals by utilizing innovative, cost-effective solutions that decrease carbon emissions while 
improving efficiencies.
Impact: One area currently being assessed and trialed is the use of indoor drone technology 
inside some of our sites. Drone technology, which harnesses the power of robotics paired 
with artificial intelligence, will be utilized for intelligent monitoring of smart buildings while 
providing near real-time insight into security and emergency situations for improved 
management, control, accurate intelligence gathering, comprehensive situational 
awareness and more informed decision making. Subject to the trial’s success, we intend  
to deploy additional drone technology to some of our mission-critical and higher-risk 
l
ocations to protect our people.
Security personnel focus on human rights 
As a signatory to the UN Global Compact, we align with the principles outlined in the 
Voluntary Principles on Security and Human Rights. In 2021, internal training and awareness 
resources were developed by our security team with the purpose of embedding these 
principles into our operations. Enterprise security personnel and embedded security 
contractors are required to complete annual training on human rights and adhere to  
our s upplier integrity guide, which includes guidelines on human rights.  
Aligned with our strategic objective, 100% of our enterprise security personnel, including 
full-time security personnel and embedded contractors, received training on human 
rights in 2023. We also incorporate principles on security and human rights into requests 
for proposals and tenders, to ensure all security suppliers and contractors understand and 
adhere to our commitments to ethical business conduct.  
 
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  121
By the NumbersWho we are

Appendices
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  122
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Appendices
As an energy technology leader, we model leadership through excellence in sustainability 
performance. We strive to improve how we track, measure and report our sustainability data, 
following best practices for sustainability reporting. Despite the dynamic development of 
guidance and standards for corporate sustainability reporting, we aim to report reliable, 
verified investment-grade data. We are also committed to providing transparency on the 
quality of our data. The information contained in this report is governed by clearly defined 
processes and controls. Upon final review and approval of each Key Performance Indicator 
(KPI) and metric by process owners, the report is drafted by our Sustainability Strategy and 
Performance team. The report and the data it includes are then reviewed by our internal audit 
team. Our internal audit function follows rigorous monitoring processes mirroring financial 
data governance and internal auditing standards to increase the fidelity of our reporting. 
Additionally, certain People and 
Planet metrics are subject to 
assurance by KPMG as discussed 
in their report in Appendix B.
Appendix A – Standard Alignment Tables 
Our sustainability report 
contains metrics that are 
aligned to the following 
recognized frameworks: 
•  G lobal Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
•
 S
ustainable Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Oil & Gas Services 
Industry Standard - Extractives & Minerals Processing Sector 
•
 T
ask Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) 
Appendix B – Statements and Notes with Independent 
Accountants’ Report
An Independent Accountants’ Report precedes the related People and Planet reporting. 
People: •
 S
tatement and Notes on People Metrics 
Planet: •
 S
tatement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas (GHG) CO2e Emissions 
•
 S
tatement and Notes on Waste 
Appendix C – Stakeholder Engagement 
  Emmanuel Haastrup , Technician Mechanic, OFSE
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  123
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Appendix A: Standard 
Alignment Tables 
Interpreting this section
The information in the indices below show how we report in accordance with, or in some 
instances based on, the frameworks that apply to our industry and accepted sustainability 
standards. The tables below lists indicators from GRI, SASB and TCFD on which we have fully 
or partially reported. The information is based on the best available data at the time of 
publication and is subject to change. In some cases, data is estimated and is based solely 
on our interpretation and judgment.  
 Angelo Donato,  Senior Engineer, IET
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  124
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GRI Index
GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data
General disclosure 2-1 Organizational details Baker Hughes Company: 575 N. Dairy Ashford Rd., Suite 100 Houston, 
Texas USA  Form 10-K
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s 
sustainability reporting 
Form 10-K
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact 
point 
From January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023; Annual reporting: 
May 15, 2024 SustainabilityTeam@bakerhughes.com 
2-4 Restatements of information Baseline emissions (GRI 305-1d, 305-2d, 305-3e)  
2-5 External assurance Independent Accountants’ Report, pp. 137-139
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business 
relationships 
a: Who we are, pp. 7-12 
b: Information unavailable 
d: We drive innovation and technology advancement, pp. 24-26
2-7 Employees a and b (iv:v): People, pp. 29-61, People Performance Index, pp. 168-179
b:  Information unavailable 
c Statement and Notes on People Metrics, pp. 140-147
d:e  Our People, p. 32 
2-8 Workers who are not employees a:  Our People, p. 32 
b:c Information unavailable 
2-9 Governance structure and composition 2024 Proxy Statement 
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest 
governance body 
2024 Proxy Statement 
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body 2024 Proxy Statement 
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in 
overseeing the management of impacts 
Ensuring sustainable governance, pp. 99-102 
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing 
impacts 
Ensuring sustainable governance, pp. 99-102 
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in 
sustainability reporting 
Governance of sustainability, p. 101 
2-15 Conflicts of interest Finance Committee Charter
2024 Proxy Statement 
2-16 Communication of critical concerns Open reporting and consultation, p. 108 
b: Data not available due to confidentiality constraints 
GRI Index  
*Denotes alignment with GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector Standard 2021 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  125
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data
General disclosure 
continued
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest 
governance body 
Our Board of Directors consists of corporate leaders with expertise in 
substantive areas that guide our corporate strategy and objectives, 
including our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) strategy.  
In furtherance of its responsibility to oversee the Company’s position 
on corporate social responsibility and public issues of significance 
which which affect investors and other key stakeholders, the 
Governance & Corporate Responsibility Committee  reviews the 
composition of the Board on an annual basis in order to ensure that 
the collective knowledge, skills and experience of the Board aligns 
with the Company’s sustainability goals. In addition, the Committee 
recommends director candidates for annual election, evaluates 
the composition of the Board annually and identifies desired skills, 
experience and capabilities. The Committee strives to maintain a 
Board with varied expertise and perspective and one that reflects 
diversity, including but not limited to gender, ethnicity, background 
and experience. 
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the 
highest governance body 
Our Board of Directors is committed to overseeing the integration 
of ESG principles throughout the organization.  The Board receives 
updates around our sustainability strategy and long-term ESG 
objectives on a periodic basis.  While our full Board is tasked with 
ESG oversight, some of its committees have responsibility for certain 
aspects of the ESG strategy.  The Human Capital and Compensation 
Committee reviews human capital management metrics.  The 
Governance and Corporate Responsibility Committee  oversees the 
Company’s positions on corporate social responsibility and has been 
charged by the Board with oversight responsibility of the Company’s 
environmental matters as well as assessing its sustainability 
strategy and initiatives, including the publication of our Corporate 
Sustainability report. In addition, the Governance & Corporate 
Responsibility Committee receives regular reports from management 
on the Company’s environmental and sustainability priorities and 
risks, including progress on our net-zero emission goals and execution, 
our ESG reporting frameworks and ESG ratings. The Audit Committee 
monitors compliance, human rights concerns and ethics risks.   
As reflected in our Governance Principles, the Board performs an 
annual self-evaluation led by the lead independent director. As 
a component of the annual evaluation, each director is asked to 
provide an assessment around the effectiveness of the Board and 
its committees.  The Board utilizes the results of its annual self-
evaluation to identify areas of improvement and strengthen corporate 
governance practices.  The Governance and Corporate Responsibility 
Committee monitors the process to assess the effectiveness of 
the Board. On a periodic basis, the lead independent director has 
engaged independent governance experts to facilitate the evaluation 
process and to identify areas. 
GRI Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  126
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data
General disclosure 
continued
2-19 Remuneration policies a:b The Human Capital and Compensation Committee  
reviews the executive and director compensation 
each year to ensure that compensation aligns with the 
Company’s long term strategies. 
Our compensation policies around executive 
compensation reinforce market-aligned and pay for 
performance compensation programs.  The Human 
Capital and Compensation Committee has responsibility 
for reviewing the relationship between our risk 
management policies and practices, corporate strategy 
and senior executive compensation and assessing 
whether any such risk is reasonably likely to have a 
material adverse effect on the Company. 
Additional details on our Board of Directors 
compensation and our executive compensation policies 
and programs, including the process for determining 
remuneration, can be found in the Compensation, 
Discussion and Analysis section of our 2024 Proxy 
Statement  as filed with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission. 
2-20 Process to determine remuneration 2024 Proxy Statement 
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio 2024 Proxy Statement 
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy A letter from our Chief Executive Officer, p. 5 
2-23 Policy commitments Championing ethics and compliance, pp. 105-112 
2-24 Embedding policy commitments Championing ethics and compliance, pp. 105-112 
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts Championing ethics and compliance, pp. 105-112 
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns Open reporting and consultation, p. 108 
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations Material legal actions, if any, are reported in our  
Form 10-K 
2
-28 Membership associations Stakeholder engagement, pp. 164-165
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder engagement, pp. 164-165
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements Principles performance index, pp. 185-186
b: Data not available due to confidentiality constraints 
Material topics 3-1* Process to determine material topics Materiality assessment, p. 21 
3-2* List of material topics Materiality assessment, p. 21 
3-3* Management of material topics People, pp. 29-61; Planet, pp. 62-96; Principles, pp. 97-121 
Economic 
performance
201-1* Direct economic value generated and distributed Our economic impact, p. 11 
Tax by country and economic value generated are not 
reported due to confidentiality constraints. 
201-2* Financial implications and other risks and 
opportunities due to climate change 
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 
94-96 
201-4* Financial assistance received from government Information unavailable 
GRI Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  127
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data
Market presence 202-2* Proportion of senior management hired from the local 
community 
Information unavailable 
Indirect economic 
impact
203-1* Infrastructure investments and services supported Information unavailable 
203-2* Significant indirect economic impacts Information unavailable 
Procurement 
practices
204-1* Proportion of spending on local suppliers a: Principles performance index, pp. 185-186
b: “Local” is defined as being purchased in the same 
country as the location of the order issuances.  
c: Our significant operations are those where we conduct 
manufacturing, assembly, maintenance and service 
operations. 
Anti-corruption 205-1* Operations assessed for risks related to corruption a: Principles performance index, pp. 185-186 
All business segments assessed. 
Anti-bribery and anti-corruption, p. 108 
205-2* Communication and training about anti-corruption 
policies and procedures 
a,b,d,e: Principles performance index, pp. 185-186 
Data not provided by region or employee category; data 
regarding business partners (205-2c)  unavailable. 
205-3* Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken Data not available due to confidentiality constraints 
Anti-competitive 
behavior 
206-1* Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust 
and monopoly practices 
Form 10-K
Tax 207-1* Approach to tax Tax, pp. 103-104 
207-2* Tax governance, control and risk management Tax, pp. 103-104 
207-3* Stakeholder engagement and management of 
concerns related to tax 
Tax, pp. 103-104 
207-4* Country-by-country reporting Information unavailable 
Energy 302-1* Energy consumption within the organization Transitioning to Renewables, pp. 72-73 
Planet performance index, pp. 180-184 
Statement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions, 
pp. 148-159 
c: Information unavailable 
302-2* Energy consumption outside the organization Information unavailable 
302-3* Energy intensity Planet performance index, pp. 180-184 
b:d Information unavailable 
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption a:b Pioneering low carbon energy solutions to deliver 
value for our customers, pp. 64-73 
c:d: Statement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e 
Emissions, pp. 148-159 
Water and effluents 303-1* Interactions with water as a shared resource Water stewardship, pp. 89-90 
303-2* Management of water discharge-related impacts Water stewardship, pp. 89-90 
303-3* Water withdrawal Planet performance index, pp. 180-184
Water stewardship, pp. 89-90 
GRI Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  128
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data
Water and effluents 
continued 
303-4* Water discharge Planet performance index, pp. 180-184 
Water stewardship, pp. 89-90 
303-5* Water consumption Planet performance index, pp. 180-184 
Water stewardship, pp. 89-90 
Biodiversity 304-1* Operational sites owned, leased, managed in or 
adjacent to protected areas and areas of high 
biodiversity value outside protected areas 
Information unavailable 
304-2* Significant impacts of activities, products and services 
on biodiversity 
Information unavailable 
304-3* Habitats protected or restored a: Information unavailable 
b: Protecting biodiversity and natural capital, pp. 91-92 
c:d Information unavailable 
304-4* IUCN Red List species and national conservation list 
species with habitats in areas affected by operations 
Planet performance index, pp. 180-184 
Emissions 305-1* Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions Emissions are reported in accordance with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Refer to the Statement and 
Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions, pp. 148-159. 
305-2* Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions Emissions are reported in accordance with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Refer to the Statement and 
Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions, pp. 148-159. 
305-3* Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions Emissions are reported in accordance with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Refer to the Statement and 
Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions, pp. 148-159. 
305-4* GHG emissions intensity Emissions are reported in accordance with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Refer to the Statement and 
Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions, pp. 148-159. 
a:b Information unavailable 
305-5* Reduction of GHG emissions Pioneering low carbon energy solutions to deliver value 
for our customers, pp. 64-73 
Emissions are reported in accordance with the 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol.  
Planet performance index, pp. 180-184 
Refer to the Statement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas 
CO2e Emissions, pp. 148-159. 
305-6* Emissions of ozone-depleting substances Planet performance index, pp. 180-184 
305-7* Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and other 
significant air emissions 
Information unavailable 
Waste (2020) 306-1* Waste generation and significant waste-related 
impacts 
Managing waste, pp. 81-85 
306-2* Management of significant waste-related impacts  Managing waste, pp. 81-85 
Statement and Notes on Waste, pp. 160-163 
GRI Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  129
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data
Waste (2020) 
continued
306-3* Waste generated Managing waste, pp. 81-85 
Statement and Notes on Waste, pp. 160-163 
Planet performance index, pp. 180-184 
306-4* Waste diverted from disposal Managing waste, pp. 81-85 
Statement and Notes on Waste, pp. 160-163 
Planet performance index, pp. 180-184
306-5* Waste directed to disposal Managing waste, pp. 81-85 
Statement and Notes on Waste, pp. 160-163 
Planet performance index, pp. 180-184
Effluents and waste 
(2016)
306-3* Significant spills Transparently reducing spills, pp. 86-88 
Planet performance index, pp. 180-184
Supplier 
Environmental 
Assessment
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using 
environmental criteria 
Information unavailable 
308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply chain 
and actions taken 
c: Buffering sustainability risks through our Enterprise Risk 
Management process, p. 102 
a,b,d,e: Information unavailable 
Employment 401-1* New employee hires and employee turnover a Total number included in People performance index, pp. 
169-172; rate information unavailable 
b  People performance index, pp. 168-179 
401-2* Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not 
provided to temporary or part-time employees 
a Delivering total rewards for employees, pp. 43-45 
b  Our significant operations are those where we conduct 
manufacturing, assembly, maintenance and service 
operations. 
401-3* Parental leave a:c People performance index, pp. 168-179 
d:e Information unavailable 
Labor/Management 
relations 
402-1* Minimum notice periods regarding operational 
changes 
a:  We comply with local laws and collective bargaining 
agreements pertaining to operational changes. Notice 
periods vary by geography but are generally at least one 
month. 
b:  Information unavailable 
Occupational 
health and safety 
403-1* Occupational health and safety management system Our HSE Management System, pp. 115-120  
Process Safety Management, p. 117 
403-2* Hazard identification, risk assessment and incident 
investigation 
Upholding the highest HSE standards, pp. 113-121 
403-3* Occupational health services Our HSE Management System, pp. 115-120 
Process Safety Management, p. 117 
403-4* Worker participation, consultation and 
communication on occupational health and safety 
Our HSE Management System, pp. 115-120 
Process Safety Management, p. 117 
403-5* Worker training on occupational health and safety Training to foster a safety culture, p. 116 
Taking preventative measures, p. 116 
GRI Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  130
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data
Occupational 
health and safety 
continued
403-6* Promotion of worker health Supporting workers’ health, pp. 118-120 
403-7* Prevention and mitigation of occupational health 
and safety impacts directly linked by business 
relationships 
Our HSE Management System, pp. 115-120 
Training to foster a safety culture, p 116 
Process Safety Management, p. 117 
403-8* Workers covered by an occupational health and 
safety management system 
Our HSE management system, pp. 115-120 
403-9* Work-related injuries Principles performance index, pp. 185-186 
Process Safety Management, p. 117 
Formula for calculating Total Recordable Incident Rate: 
number of recordable cases, multiplied by 200,000, 
divided by number of hours worked. Total hours worked 
is calculated using factors based on job family data for 
each employee, such as length of shift and overtime 
typical of job families. 
Some data and non-employee information are 
unavailable due to confidentiality constraints and data 
limitations. 
403-10* Work-related ill health Principles performance index, pp. 185-186 
Our approach to health and safety, p. 114 
Training and 
education 
404-1* Average hours of training per year per employee a: People performance index, pp. 168-179 
404-2* Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance programs
a:b  A commitment to help our people thrive, pp. 38-42
404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews
a: People performance index, pp. 168-179
Diversity and equal 
opportunity 
405-1* Diversity of governance bodies and employees a: 2024 Proxy Statement 
b: People performance index, pp. 168-179 
405-2* Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to 
men 
Information not available due to confidentiality 
constraints 
Non-discrimination 406-1* Incidents of discrimination and corrective actions 
taken 
Information not available due to confidentiality 
constraints 
Freedom of 
association 
and collective 
bargaining 
407-1* Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom 
of association and collective bargaining may be at 
risk 
Information unavailable 
Child labor 408-1* Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of child labor 
a:b: Information unavailable 
c: Human rights, pp. 109-110, Strive for principled, diverse 
and inclusive supply chains, p. 106 
Forced or 
compulsory labor 
409-1* Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of forced or compulsory labor 
a: Information unavailable 
b: Human rights, pp. 109-110, Strive for principled, diverse 
and inclusive supply chains, p. 106 
Security practices 410-1* Security personnel trained in human rights policies or 
procedures 
Principles performance index, pp. 185-186 
Security, p. 121 
GRI Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  131
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GRI Topic Standard Disclosure No. Disclosure title Location and data
Rights of indigenous 
peoples 
411-1* Incidents of violations involving rights of indigenous 
peoples 
Information unavailable 
Local communities 413-1* Operations with local community engagement, 
impact assessments and development programs 
Information unavailable 
413-2* Operations with significant actual and potential 
negative impacts on local communities 
Form 10-K
Supplier social 
assessment 
414-1* New suppliers that were screened using social criteria Information unavailable 
414-2* Negative social impacts in the supply chain and 
actions taken 
Principles performance index, pp. 185-186 
c:e Information unavailable 
Public policy 415-1* Political contributions 2023 Political Contributions Report  
Customer Health 
and Safety 
416-1* Assessment of the health and safety impacts of 
product and service categories 
Information unavailable 
Customer privacy 418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 
customer privacy and losses of customer data 
Data privacy and cybersecurity, p. 111 
GRI Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  132
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Sector Topic Accounting metric Code Information reference
Oil and Gas services Emissions Reduction 
Services and Fuels 
Management
Total fuel consumed, percentage renewable, 
percentage used in: (1) on-road equipment and 
vehicles and (2) off-road equipment 
EM-SV-110a.1 (1) Total Fuel Consumption:  5,881,343  
gigajoules  
(2) 0%  
(3-1), (3-2) Data not available 
Discussion of strategy or plans to address air 
emissions-related risks, opportunities and 
impacts 
EM-SV-110a.2 Pioneering low carbon energy solutions 
to deliver value to our customers, pp. 
64-73 
Percentage of engines in service that meet 
Tier 4 compliance for non-road diesel engine 
emissions 
EM-SV-110a.3 Data not unavailable 
Water Management 
Services 
(1) Total volume of fresh water handled in 
operations, (2) percentage recycled 
EM-SV-140a.1 (1) Standard not applicable  
(2) Standard not applicable 
Discussion of strategy or plans to address 
water consumption and disposal-related risks, 
opportunities and impacts 
EM-SV-140a.2 Water stewardship, pp. 89-90 
Chemicals 
Management 
Volume of hydraulic fracturing fluid used, 
percentage hazardous 
EM-SV-150a.1 (1) Data not available 
(2)Data not available 
Discussion of strategy or plans to address 
chemical-related risks, opportunities and 
impacts 
EM-SV-140a.2 Managing chemicals, p. 88 
Ecological Impact 
Management 
Average disturbed acreage per (1) oil and (2) 
gas well site 
EM-SV-160a.1 (1) Standard not applicable (2) 
Standard not applicable 
Discussion of strategy or plan to address risks 
and opportunities related to ecological impacts 
from core activities
EM-SV-160a.2 Protecting biodiversity and natural 
capital, pp. 91-92 
Workforce Health 
and Safety 
(1) Total recordable incident rate, (2) fatality rate, 
(3) near miss frequency rate, (4) total vehicle 
incident rate and (5) average hours of health, 
safety and emergency response training for (a) 
full-time employees, (b) contract employees 
and (c) short-service employees 
EM-SV-320a.1 (1a) 0.28
(1b), (1c) Data not available
(2a) Data not available. Absolute value
is 1.
(2b) Data not available. Absolute value
is zero.
(2c) Data not available
(3a) Data not available. Absolute value
is 1,051.
(3b), (3c) Data not available
(4a) Data not available, absolute value 
is 218.
(4b), (4c) Data not available
(5a) 6.16 hours
(5b) 0.9 hours
(5c) Data not available
Index to SASB sector standards
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  133
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Index to SASB sector standards
Sector Topic Accounting metric Code Information reference
Oil and Gas services 
continued
Workforce Health 
and Safety 
Description of management systems used to 
integrate a culture of safety throughout the 
value chain and project lifecycle 
EM-SV-320a.2 Process Safety Management, p. 117  
Business Ethics 
and Payments 
Transparency
Description of the management system for 
prevention of corruption and bribery throughout 
the value chain 
EM-SV-510a.2 Championing ethics and compliance, 
pp. 105-108  
Management of the 
Legal & Regulatory 
Environment 
Discussion of corporate positions related to 
government regulations and/or policy proposals 
that address environmental and social factors 
affecting the industry 
EM-SV-530a.1 Climate change as a financial risk and 
opportunity, pp. 94-96 
Stakeholder engagement, pp. 164-165
Critical Incident Risk 
Management 
Description of management systems used to 
identify and mitigate catastrophic and tail-end 
risks 
EM-SV-540a.1 Process Safety Management, p. 117 
Oil and gas 
exploration and 
production
Biodiversity Impacts (1) Number and aggregate volume of 
hydrocarbon spills, (2) volume in Arctic, 
(3) volume impacting shorelines with 
Environmentally Sensitive Index rankings 8-10 
and (4) volume recovered 
EM-EP-160a.2 (1) 14 barrels of oil;  1 barrels of fuel  
(2) 0 barrels  
(3) 0 barrels  
(4) 10 barrels 
Activity metrics
Sector Accounting metric Code Information reference
Oil and Gas services Number of active rig sites EM-SV-000.A Standard not applicable 
Number of active well sites EM-SV-000.B  Standard not applicable 
Total amount of drilling performed EM-SV-000.C  Standard not applicable 
Total number of hours worked by all employees EM-SV-000.D  Data not available
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  134
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

TCFD Recommendations Disclosure content and references 
Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities. Ensuring sustainable governance, pp. 99-102 
Governance of sustainability, p. 101 
Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-related 
risks and opportunities. 
Governance of sustainability, p. 101 
1. Governance
TCFD Recommendations Disclosure content and references 
Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium and long-term. 
A letter from our Chief Executive Officer, p. 5 
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 94-96 
Form 10-K, Risk Factors, p. 16 
Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning. 
A letter from our Chief Executive Officer, p. 5 
A letter from our Chief Sustainability Officer, p. 6  
Sustainability matters to our customers and investors, p. 23 
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 94-96 
Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower 
scenario. 
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 94-96 
2. Strategy
TCFD Index
The following table references Baker Hughes 2023 financial and 
sustainability disclosures with the TCFD recommendations.  
TCFD Recommendations Disclosure content and references 
Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-
related risks. 
Our goal is to achieve net zero for scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050 and to 
reduce scope 3 emissions by 2033, p. 64. 
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 94-96 
Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks. Planet, pp. 62-96 
Climate change as a financial risk and opportunity, pp. 94-96 
Describe how processes for identifying, assessing and managing climate-
related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management. 
Buffering sustainability risks through our Enterprise Risk Management 
process, p. 102 
3. Risk Management
TCFD Recommendations Disclosure content and references 
Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks 
and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process. 
Emissions are reported in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. 
Refer to the Statement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions, pp. 
148-159. 
Disclose scope 1, scope 2 and, if appropriate, scope 3 GHG emissions and the 
related risks. 
Emissions are reported in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. 
Refer to the Statement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions, pp. 
148-159. 
Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and performance against targets. 
Our goal is to achieve net zero for scope 1 and 2 emissions by 2050 and to 
reduce scope 3 emissions by 2033, p. 64. 
4. Metrics and Targets
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  135
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Appendix B: Statements 
and Notes with Independent 
Accountants’ Report 
Interpreting this section
We execute rigorous processes to ensure metrics are transparently and reliably 
presented in accordance with the methodologies to which we adhere. In this section, you 
will find the independent accountants’ reports providing limited or reasonable assurance 
over selected metrics found in this section.  
Subject Matter 2023 Assurance Level 
People: Statement and Notes on People Metrics People Metrics Limited Assurance
Planet: Statement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas 
CO2e Emissions 
Scope 1 Emissions Reasonable Assurance
Scope 2 Emissions Reasonable Assurance 
Scope 3 Emissions Limited assurance
Planet: Statement and Notes on Waste Waste Metrics Limited assurance
 L to R: Daniele Gasparri, Global Operations 
Manager Industrial X-Ray Solutions & Waygate 
Materials Leader | Chiara Martini,  Industrial 
Relations Specialist, IETOperations
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  136
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Independent Accountants’ Report
To the Board of Directors and Management of Baker Hughes Company:
Report on Baker Hughes Company’s Statements and Notes on People Metrics, Greenhouse Gas CO2e
Emissions, and Waste as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023
Examination opinion and review conclusion
We have performed an assurance engagement on the following information as of and for the year ended 
December 31, 2023 within Baker Hughes Company’s (the Company) 2023 Corporate Sustainability Report 
(the Sustainability Report):
Information subject to assurance Type of 
assurance
Page number 
in the 
Sustainability 
Report
The criteria relevant to 
the information subject to 
assurance
Statement and Notes on People Metrics 
(People Statement)
Review (limited 
assurance)
140 As described in Note 1 of 
the People Statement 
Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions and 
related notes within the Statement and Notes 
on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions (GHG 
Statement)
Examination 
(reasonable 
assurance)
148 As described in Note 1 of 
the GHG Statement 
Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions and 
related notes within the GHG Statement
Review (limited 
assurance)
148 As described in Note 1 of 
the GHG Statement
Statement and Notes on Waste (Waste 
Statement)
Review (limited 
assurance)
160 As described in Note 1 of 
the Waste Statement 
For the purposes of the remainder of our assurance report:
• “Examination Information” refers to the information identified above that was subject to reasonable 
assurance;
• “Review Information” refers to the information identified above that was subject to limited assurance;
• “Assured Sustainability Information” refers to all information subject to assurance (both reasonable 
assurance and limited assurance); and
• “Applicable Criteria” refers to the criteria relevant to the information subject to assurance as identified 
above.
Examination opinion
In our opinion, the Examination Information for the year ended December 31, 2023 is prepared in accordance 
with the Applicable Criteria, in all material respects.
Review conclusion
Based on our review, we are not aware of any material modifications that should be made to the Review 
Information as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023 in order for it to be prepared in accordance with 
the Applicable Criteria.
Our examination opinion and review conclusion on the Assured Sustainability Information does not extend to 
any other information that accompanies or contains the Assured Sustainability Information and our report.
KPMG LLP
2200 Wells Fargo Tower
201 Main Street
Fort Worth, TX 76102-3105
KPMG LLP , a Delaware limited liability partnership and a member firm of  
the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with  
KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  137
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

2
Basis for opinion and conclusion
Our examination was conducted in accordance with attestation standards established by the American Institute 
of Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements and
AT-C section 205, Assertion-Based Examination Engagements. Our review was conducted in accordance with
attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants in AT-C section 105,
Concepts Common to All Attestation Engagements and AT-C section 210, Review Engagements. We are 
required to be independent and to meet our other ethical requirements in accordance with relevant ethical 
requirements related to the engagement. We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and 
appropriate to provide a reasonable basis for our examination opinion and review conclusion.
Emphasis of Matter
As noted in Note 2 of the GHG Statement, the Company recalculated its 2019 Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions to 
account for recent structural changes, boundary enhancement, and enhancements in methodology and data, in 
accordance with the Applicable Criteria as described in Note 1 of the GHG Statement.
Our opinion and conclusion are not modified in respect of this matter.
Other Matter
We previously reviewed selected metrics within the People Statement related to the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 and our reports dated May 24, 2023 and June 24, 2022 included unmodified
conclusions, respectively.
We previously reviewed the Statement and Notes on Waste for the year ended December 31, 2022 and our
report dated May 24, 2023 included an unmodified conclusion.
We previously reviewed the Statements and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions for the year ended 
December 31, 2019 prior to the revisions described in Note 2, and our report dated June 24, 2022 included an
unmodified conclusion. We reviewed the adjustments to the 2019 emissions data, which are described in
Note 2, and we are not aware of material modifications that should be made to the adjustments to the 2019 
emissions disclosure. The level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower than the assurance that 
would have been obtained had an examination been performed.
Our opinion and conclusion are not modified with respect to these matters.
Responsibilities for the Assured Sustainability Information
Management of the Company is responsible for:
• designing, implementing and maintaining internal control relevant to the preparation of the Assured 
Sustainability Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;
• selecting or developing suitable criteria for preparing the Assured Sustainability Information and 
appropriately referring to or describing the criteria used; and
• preparing the Assured Sustainability Information in accordance with the Applicable Criteria.
Inherent limitations in preparing the Assured Sustainability Information
As described in Note 1 of the GHG Statement and Note 3 of the Waste Statement, energy use data and waste 
volume, respectively, are subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature 
and methods used for determining such data. The selection by the Company’s management of different but 
acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different measurements.
Our responsibilities
The attestation standards established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants require us to do
the following:
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  138
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

3
• with respect to our examination:
– plan and perform the examination to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Examination 
Information is prepared in accordance with the Applicable Criteria, in all material respects; and
– express an opinion on the Examination Information, based on our examination.
• with respect to our review:
– plan and perform the review to obtain limited assurance about whether any material modifications 
should be made to the Review Information in order for it to be prepared in accordance with the 
Applicable Criteria; and
– express a conclusion on the Review Information based on our review.
We exercised professional judgment and maintained professional skepticism throughout the engagement. We 
designed and performed our procedures to obtain evidence about the Assured Sustainability Information that is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our examination opinion and review conclusion.
The Nature of Our Examination Engagement
The nature, timing, and extent of the procedures selected depended on our judgment, including an assessment 
of the risks of material misstatement of the Examination Information, whether due to fraud or error. We 
identified and assessed the risks of material misstatement through understanding the Examination Information 
and the engagement circumstances. We also obtained an understanding of the internal control relevant to the 
Examination Information in order to design procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances but not for the 
purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of internal controls.
The Nature of Our Review Engagement and Summary of the Work We Performed as The Basis for Our 
Conclusion
Our procedures selected depended on our understanding of the Review Information and other engagement 
circumstances, and our consideration of areas where material misstatements are likely to arise. In carrying out 
our review engagement, we:
• assessed the suitability of the criteria used by the Company in preparing the Review Information;
• interviewed senior management and relevant staff at corporate and selected locations;
• inspected a selection of supporting records;
• applied analytical procedures;
• recalculated the Review Information based on the criteria; and
• evaluated the overall presentation of the Review Information to determine whether it is consistent with the 
Applicable Criteria and in line with our overall knowledge of, and experience with, the Company.
The procedures performed in a review vary in nature and timing from, and are substantially less in extent than, 
an examination, the objective of which is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the subject matter 
information is in accordance with the criteria, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion. Because of 
the limited nature of the review engagement, the level of assurance obtained in a review is substantially lower 
than the assurance that would have been obtained had an examination been performed.
Fort Worth, Texas
May 13, 2024
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  139
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement and Notes on People Metrics  
Metric Criteria1 Page # Key performance indicators2 Methodology 
Employee counts GRI 2-7, 
Management 
metric 
172-174 Number of total employees Number of effective employees
Number of total employees by region Number of effective employees by respective region
Number of total employees by gender Number of effective employees by respective gender
Number of employees by age group Number of effective employees by respective age group 
Number of employees by seniority Number of effective employees by respective seniority
Number of employees by job function Number of effective employees by respective job 
function
Number of full time and part time employees Number of full time effective employees
Number of part time effective employees
Number of full time and part time employees 
by each region 
Number of full time effective employees by respective 
region
Number of part time effective employees by respective 
region
Number of full time and part time employees 
by each gender 
Number of full time effective employees by respective 
gender
Number of part time effective employees by respective 
gender
New candidates 
hired 
GRI 401-1 171-172 Number of external candidates hired Number of external candidates hired
Number of external candidates hired by gender Number of external candidates by respective gender 
who were hired
Number of external candidates hired by age 
group 
Number of external candidates by respective age group 
who were hired
Number of external candidates hired by region Number of external candidates by respective region who 
were hired
Number of internal candidates hired  Number of internal candidates hired
Number of internal candidates hired by gender Number of internal candidates by respective gender who 
were hired
Number of internal candidates hired by age 
group 
Number of internal candidates by respective age group 
who were hired
Number of internal candidates hired by region Number of internal candidates by respective region who 
were hired
Note: Employees can be counted more than once if they are hired or terminated more than once in the same year. 
Employee attrition GRI 401-1 169-171 Number and rate of total employee attrition Number of effective employees who were voluntarily or 
involuntarily terminated
Number of effective employees who were voluntary or 
involuntary terminated divided by the average monthly 
effective employee count
1 Included to indicate the most comparable GRI metric; however, GRI disclosures may not be fully complete relative to the requirements of GRI. 
2 Unless otherwise noted, the KPIs have been prepared based on the reporting year 2023, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, corresponding to the Baker Hughes Company 
fiscal year. Effective employees refer to those as of December 31, 2023.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  140
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement and Notes on People Metrics continued 
Metric Criteria1 Page # Key performance indicators2 Methodology 
Employee attrition 
continued
GRI 401-1 169-171 Number and rate of total employee attrition by 
gender 
Number of effective employees in respective gender 
category who were voluntary or involuntary terminated 
Number of effective employees in respective gender 
category who were voluntary or involuntary terminated 
divided by the average monthly effective employee count 
in respective gender category
Number and rate of total employee attrition by 
age group 
Number of effective employees in respective age group 
who were voluntary or involuntary terminated
Number of effective employees in respective age group 
who were voluntary or involuntary terminated divided 
by the average monthly effective employee count in 
respective age group
Number and rate of total employee attrition 
by region 
Number of effective employees in respective region who 
were voluntary or involuntary terminated
Number of effective employees in respective region who 
were voluntary or involuntary terminated divided by the 
average monthly effective employee count in respective 
region
Note: Employees can be counted more than once if they are hired or terminated more than once in the same year. 
Voluntary attrition Management 
metric 
170-171 Number and rate of voluntary employee 
attrition 
Number of effective employees who were voluntarily 
terminated
Number of effective employees who were voluntarily 
terminated divided by the average monthly effective 
employee count
Number and rate of voluntary employee 
attrition by gender 
Number of effective employees in respective gender 
category who were voluntarily terminated
Number of effective employees in respective gender 
category who were voluntarily terminated divided by the 
average monthly effective employee count in respective 
gender category
Number and rate of voluntary employee 
attrition by age group 
Number of effective employees in respective age group 
who were voluntarily terminated
Number of effective employees in respective age group 
who were voluntarily terminated divided by the average 
monthly effective employee count in respective age 
group
Number and rate of voluntary employee 
attrition by region 
Number of effective employees in respective region who 
were voluntarily terminated
Number of effective employees in respective region 
who were voluntarily terminated divided by the average 
monthly effective employee count in respective region
Note: Employees can be counted more than once if they are hired or terminated more than once in the same year. 
Employees 
in leadership 
programs  
Management 
metric 
168 Total number of participants in leadership 
development programs (ASPIRE, IMPACT, 
CULTIVATE and ASCEND) 
Number of participants in leadership development 
programs including ASPIRE (early career leadership 
program), IMPACT (mid-career leadership program), 
CULTIVATE (mid-career leadership program for women) 
and ASCEND (military transition program)
1 Included to indicate the most comparable GRI metric; however, GRI disclosures may not be fully complete relative to the requirements of GRI. 
2 Unless otherwise noted, the KPIs have been prepared based on the reporting year 2023, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, corresponding to the Baker Hughes Company 
fiscal year. Effective employees refer to those as of December 31, 2023.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  141
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement and Notes on People Metrics continued  
Metric Criteria1 Page # Key performance indicators2 Methodology 
Employees 
in leadership 
programs 
continued
Management 
metric 
168 Number of employees participating in each 
leadership development program 
Number of participants in each ASPIRE, IMPACT, CULTIVATE 
and ASCEND programs
Number of ASPIRE and IMPACT participants 
who identify as women 
Number of participants who identify as women for ASPIRE 
and IMPACT
Note: This metric is calculated based on who was part of the program as of December 31, 2023. 
U.S. Employees - 
people of color 
GRI 405-1, 
Management 
Metric 
169 Percentage of U.S. employees who identify as 
people of color 
Number of effective employees in U.S. who identify as 
people of color as of year end divided by total number of 
effective employees in U.S. as of year end
Percentage of U.S. employees who identify 
as people of color by seniority (Senior 
Professional Band and above, Executive Band 
and above)
Number of effective employees in U.S. who identify as 
people of color and are in respective seniority as of year 
end divided by total number of effective employees in U.S. 
who are in respective seniority as of year end
Percentage of U.S. employees who identify as 
people of color by gender 
Number of effective employees in U.S. who identify as 
people of color in respective gender category as of year 
end divided by total number of effective employees in U.S. 
who identify as people of color as of year end
Average hours of 
training per year 
per employee3 
GRI 404-1 178 Average hours of training per employee Number of recorded learning hours completed divided by 
number of effective employees
Average hours of training per employee by 
gender  
Number of recorded learning hours completed in 
respective gender divided by number of effective 
employees in respective gender
Average hours of training per employee by 
career band 
Number of recorded learning hours completed in 
respective career band divided by number of effective 
employees in respective career band
Average hours of training per employee by job 
function 
Number of recorded learning hours completed in 
respective job function divided by number of effective 
employees in respective job function
Average hours of training per employee by 
business segment 
Number of recorded learning hours completed in 
respective business segment divided by number of 
effective employees in respective business segment
Note: Average training hours includes online and in person training completed during the year ended December 31, 2023, 
for effective employees as of December 31, 2023, which is recorded in our enterprise learning management system. The 
metric does not include training completions maintained outside of the enterprise system and may contain multiple 
course completions for the same course by the same employee.  
Employees by 
gender 
GRI 405-1 175-176 Percentage of employees by gender Number of effective employees in respective gender as of 
year end divided by total number of effective employees 
as of year end
Percentage of employees by gender for each 
seniority 
Number of effective employees in respective seniority 
and gender as of year end divided by total effective 
employees in respective seniority as of year end
Percentage of employees by gender for each 
job function 
Number of effective employees in respective function 
and gender as of year end divided by total effective 
employees in respective job function as of year end
1 Included to indicate the most comparable GRI metric; however, GRI disclosures may not be fully complete relative to the requirements of GRI. 
2 Unless otherwise noted, the KPIs have been prepared based on the reporting year 2023, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, corresponding to the Baker Hughes Company 
fiscal year. Effective employees refer to those as of December 31, 2023. 
3 Estimated duration of each training, designated by the training creator, was used for the calculation. Where an estimated duration is not available, the median estimated duration 
based on activity type of the training was used. Note: In 2023, an adjustment was made to how the duration field was recorded by the training creator to more accurately represent 
time spent on training activities. This accounts for in a significant flux in metric reported in December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2023.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  142
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement and Notes on People Metrics continued  
Metric Criteria1 Page # Key performance indicators2 Methodology 
Employees by 
gender continued
GRI 405-1 175-176 Percentage of employees that are people 
managers for each gender 
Number of effective employees designated as people 
manager of respective gender as of year end divided by 
total effective employees designated as people manager 
as of year end
Percentage of women-identifying employees 
on Board of Directors 
Number of employees on Board of Directors who identify 
as women as of year end divided by total number of 
Board of Directors as of year end
Percentage of employees by gender Number of effective employees in respective gender as of 
year end divided by total number of effective employees 
as of year end
Percentage of employees by gender for each 
seniority 
Number of effective employees in respective seniority 
and gender as of year end divided by total effective 
employees in respective seniority as of year end
Percentage of employees by gender for each 
job function 
Number of effective employees in respective function 
and gender as of year end divided by total effective 
employees in respective job function as of year end
Percentage of employees that are people 
managers for each gender 
Number of effective employees designated as people 
manager of respective gender as of year end divided by 
total effective employees designated as people manager 
as of year end
Percentage of women-identifying employees 
on Board of Directors 
Number of employees on Board of Directors who identify 
as women as of year end divided by total number of 
Board of Directors as of year end
Women in STEM 
roles 
Management 
metric 
169 Percentage of women in STEM roles Number of effective employees who identify as women 
and who are in science, technology, engineering and 
mathematics (STEM) roles divided by all effective 
employees in STEM roles
Baker Hughes has identified STEM roles consistent with 
roles defined by the United States Bureau of Labor 
Statistics.
Employees by age 
group 
GRI 405-1 176-177 Percentage of employees by age group  Number of effective employees in respective age group, 
divided by total effective employees
Percentage of employees by age group for 
each job function 
Number of effective employees in respective age group 
and job function divided by total effective employees in 
respective job function
Percentage of employees by age group for 
each seniority 
Number of effective employees in respective age group 
and seniority divided by total effective employees in 
respective seniority
Country  
representation  
Management 
metric 
177 Number of employees working outside the 
United States 
Number of effective employees that are working outside 
of the United States
Number of countries with employees Number of countries with effective employees
Number of nationalities represented by 
employees 
Number of nationalities represented by effective 
employees, as self-reported in HR enterprise system
1 Included to indicate the most comparable GRI metric; however, GRI disclosures may not be fully complete relative to the requirements of GRI. 
2 Unless otherwise noted, the KPIs have been prepared based on the reporting year 2023, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, corresponding to the Baker Hughes Company 
fiscal year. Effective employees refer to those as of December 31, 2023.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  143
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement and Notes on People Metrics continued  
Metric Criteria1 Page # Key performance indicators2 Methodology 
Regular 
performance 
and career 
development 
reviews 
GRI 404-3 168 Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews 
Number of effective employees who have completed the 
annual performance and career development review 
divided by total number of eligible effective employees
Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews 
by gender 
Number of effective employees who have completed the 
annual performance and career development review 
in respective gender category divided by total number 
of eligible effective employees in respective gender 
category
Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews 
by career band 
Number of effective employees who have completed the 
annual performance and career development review in 
respective career band divided by total number of eligible 
effective employees in respective career band
Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews 
by job function 
Number of effective employees who have completed the 
annual performance and career development review in 
respective job function divided by total number of eligible 
effective employees in respective job function
Note: For purposes of this metric, the career band category includes: Professional Band and above (PB+) including 
Leadership Training Band (LTB), Professional Band and above excluding Leadership Training Band, Senior Professional 
Band and above (SPB+) and Executive Band and above (EB+) as explained in the Glossary of Terms. 
Community 
contributions 
Management 
metric 
169 Number of volunteer service hours Number of self-reported volunteer hours by active full-
time employees
Amount of employee-matched contributions 
made by the Baker Hughes Foundation 
Amount of employee-matched contributions made by 
the Baker Hughes Foundation
Amount of Baker Hughes Foundation financial 
contributions 
Amount of Baker Hughes Foundation financial 
contributions
Amount of Company in-kind contributions Amount of company in-kind contributions. In-kind value 
is calculated by looking at product sales price of in-kind 
donations. Company in-kind contributions represent OFSE 
business segment software licenses only.
Total amount of charitable contributions 4 Total amount of charitable contributions (sum of 
employee-matched contributions, foundation financial 
contributions, company in-kind contributions)
Local and diverse 
spend with 
suppliers 
Management 
metric 
178 Amount spent with diverse suppliers and small 
businesses by Baker Hughes – Tier 1 spend  
Amount of money paid against invoices from suppliers 
who are diverse or qualify as a small businesses
Amount spent with diverse suppliers and small 
businesses by Baker Hughes’ suppliers – Tier 
2 spend  
Amount of money reported to Baker Hughes by suppliers 
as part of Tier 2 Diverse Supplier Program
Total amount spent  – (Tier 1 and Tier 2)  Total amount spent (sum of Tier 1 spend plus Tier 2 spend)
Note: Baker Hughes’ tier 2 spend is allocatable indirect spend.  It is calculated based on the Baker Hughes’ suppliers’ 
spending with diverse suppliers, as defined by the supplier with which Baker Hughes contracts and the dollar volume of 
Baker Hughes’ business compared to the suppliers total revenue with Baker Hughes.
1 Included to indicate the most comparable GRI metric; however, GRI disclosures may not be fully complete relative to the requirements of GRI. 
2 Unless otherwise noted, the KPIs have been prepared based on the reporting year 2023, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, corresponding to the Baker Hughes Company 
fiscal year. Effective employees refer to those as of December 31, 2023. 
4 Charitable contributions are to qualified charitable organizations defined as an entity that holds active tax-exempt status under Section 501(c)(3) of the United States Internal 
Revenue Service Code and classified as a public charity. This includes non-United States charities with international equivalent 501(c)(3) designations.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  144
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement and Notes on People Metrics continued  
Metric Criteria1 Page # Key performance indicators2 Methodology 
Employee 
resource 
group (ERG) 
membership 
Management 
metric 
177 Number of employees enrolled in at least one 
ERG 
Number of active employees enrolled in at least one ERG
Percentage of employees enrolled in at least 
one ERG 
Number of active employees enrolled in at least one ERG 
divided by total number of active employees
Parental leave GRI 401-3 177 Number of employees entitled to parental 
leave 
Number of effective employees entitled to parental leave  
Number of employees entitled to parental 
leave by gender 
Number of effective employees entitled to parental leave 
by gender
Number of employees that took parental leave Number of effective employees with an approved leave 
for maternity, paternity and/or parental that have been 
approved in Canada, Germany, Malaysia, Qatar, Saudi 
Arabia, United Kingdom and United States
Number of employees that took parental leave 
by gender 
Number of effective employees with an approved leave 
for maternity, paternity and/or parental that have been 
approved by gender in Canada, Germany, Malaysia, 
Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Kingdom and United States
Number of employees that returned from 
leave in the reporting period following leave 
Number of effective employees with approved leave for 
maternity, paternity and/or parental that have returned to 
work in Canada, Germany, Malaysia, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, 
United Kingdom and United States
Number of employees that returned from 
leave in the reporting period following leave 
by gender 
Number of effective employees with approved leave for 
maternity, paternity and/or parental that have returned 
to work by gender in Canada, Germany, Malaysia, Qatar, 
Saudi Arabia, United Kingdom and United States
Note: While we offer global parental leave policies in other countries, our reporting capabilities only allow us to report 
these metrics in the above seven countries in 2023. 
Employees by 
generation group 
Management 
metric 
177 Percentage of employees by generation group Number of effective employees by generation group 
divided by total effective employees
1 Included to indicate the most comparable GRI metric; however, GRI disclosures may not be fully complete relative to the requirements of GRI. 
2 Unless otherwise noted, the KPIs have been prepared based on the reporting year 2023, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, corresponding to the Baker Hughes Company 
fiscal year. Effective employees refer to those as of December 31, 2023.
Note 1 - Reporting boundary
The Company presents its people metrics from operations over which it, or one of its subsidiaries, has the full authority to introduce and 
implement its operating policies. Minority-owned joint ventures not operated by the Company are excluded from the reporting boundary.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  145
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Note 2 - Glossary of Terms
Term Definition
Gender Self-identified as men, women, undeclared or no gender selected in HR enterprise system
Career band Company’s internal classification of various jobs depending on level of responsibility and contribution
Professional band and above (PB+) Career band including Professional Band, Lead Professional Band, Senior Professional Band, Executive Band, Senior 
Executive Band, Vice President, Senior Vice President who are in office-based developing, supporting, applying, leading 
and shaping roles and who are at professional, lead professional, or functional tactical positions
For 2022 metrics, Leadership Training Band (LTB) was not included in PB+ because they follow their own performance 
management process. For 2023 metrics, we added a sub-metric for PB+ including LTB and PB+ excluding LTB to provide 
more transparency. For all other metrics that breakout by PB+, LTB is included in PB+ following our career band structure. 
Senior Professional band and 
above (SPB+) 
Career band including Senior Professional Band, Executive Band, Senior Executive Band, Vice President, Senior Vice 
President who are in office-based applying, leading and shaping roles and who are senior level managers, seasoned 
managers and specialized individual contributors requiring in-depth understanding of their business or function
Executive band and above (EB+) Career band including Executive Band, Senior Executive Band, Vice President, Senior Vice President
People of color Employees who identify as American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Native 
Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander, two or more races and self-reported in the United States.
ERG Employee Resource Group. We have the following ERGs: Black Employee Network, Asian Pacific American Forum, 
Enabled, LatinX, Multicultural, Pride@work, Veterans and Women’s Network. 
FY 2023 Financial year counted from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023
Effective employees All employees excluding interns, co-ops, trainees, apprentice, inactive employees and contingent workers as of 
December 31, 2023
Active employees All employees excluding employees on long-term leave of absence, inactive employees and contingent workers as of 
December 31, 2023
Job function Company’s internal classification according to job family group (Commercial, Enabling, Production, Technical and 
Other). A summary of the jobs compassed by these job functions can be found on page 33. 
Internal candidates An existing employee that filled an open internal position/requisition within the Company
External candidates A person that is not an employee of the Company that was hired into an open position/requisition
Entitled to parental leave Leave is defined as paid or unpaid time away from work. An employee is entitled to parental leave based on 
the eligibility criteria, utilizing the Baker Hughes country policies and/or statutory regulations, whichever is more 
encompassing. 
Primary and Secondary parent Company’s designation used for the parental leave benefit program to distinguish the amount of leave entitlement. 
This is a self-designation by employee as primary or secondary. 
Management roles/People 
manager 
Effective employees who are responsible for the supervision and review of employees
Seniority Two specific groupings of effective employees in leadership, Senior Professional Band and above (as defined above) 
and Executive Band and above (as defined above)
Employee time type category All effective employees will be categorized into either the Part-Time category (employees with Time Type of Part Time 
plus employees with Time Type of Full Time who are less than 1.0 full time employee headcount (FTE)) and Full-Time 
category (employees with Time Type of Full Time and 1.0 or greater FTE).
Age group All effective employees will be categorized into one of the following age groups: Under 30 years old, 30 – 50 years 
old and over 50 years old. Employees whose birthdate is not available will be categorized as age group left blank. 
Calculation for age group will use age as whole numbers only considered as of December 31, 2023 (i.e. if employee is 50 
years old and 6 days, employee will be in the 30-50 age group). 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  146
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Note 2 - Glossary of Terms continued
Term Definition
Nationality An identification of a person based on their status of belonging to a particular nation. This is self-identified by 
employees in the HR enterprise system. 
Generation group All effective employees will be categorized into one of the following generation groups based on birth year: Silent (1928 
through 1945), Baby Boomers (1946 through 1964), Generation X (1965 through 1979), Generation Y/Millennials (1980 
through 1995) and Generation Z (1996 through present); employees whose birth year is not available will be categorized 
as generation group left blank. 
Region A group of countries located in the same geographically specified area as determined by the company. Regions 
include: Asia Pacific, Russia and Commonwealth of Independent States, Middle East, North Africa, Turkey and India, North 
America, Latin America, Sub-Saharan Africa and Europe. 
Supplier Organization or individual that enters into an agreement with the acquirer or integrator for the supply of a product or 
service. This includes all suppliers in the supply chain, developers or manufacturers of systems, system components, or 
system services; systems integrators; vendors; product resellers; and third-party partners.
Diverse supplier An organization that is at least 51% owned, operated and controlled by an individual or group that is part of a 
traditionally underrepresented or underserved group. Some common classifications tracked by Baker Hughes include:  
• M inority-Owned   
•
 W
omen-Owned  
•
 L
GBT-Owned
•
 D
isabled-Owned  
•
 I
ndigenous  
•
 A
boriginal   
•
 V
eteran-Owned  
•
 S
elf-Certified  
•
 H
UBZone (Historically Underutilized Business Zone (United States only))
Small business supplier 5 An organization that meets the local government’s small business standard criteria
Tier 1 spend  The dollar amount spent by Baker Hughes directly with suppliers who are identified as small or diverse. See definition of 
Diverse supplier above
Tier 2 spend  Baker Hughes suppliers who have their own Supplier Diversity Program where they track spend with small and/or diverse 
businesses which is then reported to Baker Hughes through use of our third-party tracking tool
STEM roles Jobs identified as being within career fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics. At Baker Hughes, this 
includes all roles in the job family groups of:   
• D igital Technology  
•
 E
ngineering/Technology  
•
 E
nvironmental Health & Safety  
•
 F
ield Operations  
•
 I
nformation Technology  
•
 P
roduct Management  
•
 P
roject Management  
•
 Q
uality  
•
 S
ervices  
and all roles in the following job families:    
• M anufacturing Engineering  
•
 F
inance IT  
5 For small-business suppliers, we rely on vetted third parties such as SupplierGATEWAY, Dun and Bradstreet, Small Business Administration and, in some regions, validating what the 
small business has provided to Baker Hughes against the applicable country small business to determine if small business criteria are met.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  147
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement and Notes on 
Greenhouse Gas CO2e Emissions 
2019 2023
Total scope 1 Emissions 501,791 383,096 
Total scope 2 Indirect Emissions - Location Based 307,082 217,941 
Total scope 2 Indirect Emissions - Market Based 299,296 191,417 
Total scope 1 and 2 Emissions - Market Based 801,087 574,513 
Total reported scope 3 Emissions 236,832,567 433,728,176 
Statement on Gas CO 2e Emissions (MT CO2e)
Note 1 - Company
Baker Hughes Company (“Baker Hughes,” “the Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is an energy 
technology company with a diversified portfolio of technologies and services that span the 
energy and industrial value chain. Built on a century of experience and conducting business 
in over 120 countries, our innovative technologies and services are taking energy forward. 
The Statement and Notes on Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions have been prepared based on 
reporting year 2023, from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, corresponding to the Baker 
Hughes Company fiscal year. The Statement and Notes on GHG CO2e emissions also include 
emissions data from base reporting year 2019, from January 1, 2019 to December 31, 2019, 
corresponding to the Company’s fiscal year.   
The Statement and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions do not include 2020-2022 emissions 
data since recalculated GHG emissions data for all years between the base year and the 
reporting year is optional, as noted in the World Resources Institute (WRI)/ World Business 
Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate 
Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition. 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  148
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Scope 1 
GHG emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard, Revised Edition. Scope 1 represents direct GHG emissions that occur from sources that are owned or controlled by Baker 
Hughes.  
Scope 1, facilities: Where fuel quantity is known, stationary combustion source methodology is used as described in the 2023 United States 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Mandatory Reporting Rule, 40 CFR Part 98 Subpart C based on actual purchases during the year. 
Where fuel quantity is unknown, estimation methodology is based on size of occupied space and type of operation using the 2023 United 
States Energy Information Administration (EIA) Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) data. 
Scope 1, field activities: Where fuel quantity is known, stationary combustion source methodology is used as described in the EPA Mandatory 
Reporting Rule, 40 CFR Part 98 Subpart C based on actual purchases during the year, or actual consumption in instances where fuel was not 
purchased. Where fuel quantity is unknown, fuel quantity is calculated using known fuel purchase records, operating hours and an average 
hourly consumption rate for field equipment. 
Scope 1, vehicles and marine vessels: Where fuel quantity is known or based on fixed usage contracts, mobile combustion source 
methodology is as described in the EPA Center for Corporate Climate Leadership 2023 GHG Inventory Guidance on Direct Emissions from 
Mobile Combustion Sources. Where vehicle fuel quantity is unknown, estimation methodology is based on regional averages of similar 
vehicles with known fuel usage.  
Scope 2 
GHG emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the 2023 WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol scope 2 Guidance: An amendment to 
the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard. Scope 2 accounts for GHG emissions from the generation of purchased electricity, heating, steam and 
cooling consumed by the Company.  
Scope 2, facilities: Emissions from electricity use are calculated with US EPA eGRID, Canada National Inventory, International Energy Agency 
(IEA) and Association of Issuing Bodies (AIB) emission factors. We calculate market-based emissions based on electricity procurement 
decisions and details including contracts, renewable energy certificates (RECs) in the US and renewable energy guarantees of origin (REGOs) 
in the United Kingdom (UK) and European Union.  European residual mix factors are used where REGOs are unavailable. Location-based 
emissions are calculated using national grid factors by location for our global facility portfolio. Where electricity use data is unavailable, 
estimation methodology involves calculation of energy use based on square footage and facility type using the EIA CBECS data.  
Scope 2, remote work:  Emissions associated with remote work are included in scope 2. This categorization deviates from the GHG Protocol; 
however, we take this approach to counterbalance reduced emissions resulting from fewer office-based employees working on-site at our 
facilities since the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company continues to offer flexible work arrangements to our global employees and remote 
working has continued at a somewhat lower rate. Emissions from home office electricity use were assessed in a Baker Hughes-specific home 
office study. The study assessed the actual electricity use by volunteer employee participants and calculated the corresponding emissions 
using IEA Emission Factors.    
Scope 3
GHG emissions information has been prepared in accordance with the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (scope 3), 
Accounting and Reporting Standard. Scope 3 includes indirect GHG emissions (not included in scope 2) that occur in the value chain of the 
Company, including both upstream and downstream emissions categories listed in Notes 7 and 8.  
Collectively, the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition, the GHG Protocol scope 2 
Guidance: An amendment to the GHG Protocol Corporate Standard and the GHG Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (scope 3), Accounting and 
Reporting Standard are referred to as the “GHG Protocol” in this document.    
Estimation uncertainties
The Company obtains energy use data from across our global operations for the calculation of our GHG inventory in accordance with the GHG 
Protocol. However, there are estimation uncertainties resulting from the limitations inherent in the methodologies used to calculate energy 
and emissions for the subset of facilities and activities where actual use data is not available. These methodologies are described within 
the Statement and Notes on GHG CO2e Emissions for scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions categories. The selection by the Company’s management of 
different but acceptable measurement techniques could have resulted in materially different measurements.
Note 1 - Company continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  149
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Note 2 – GHG reporting inventory boundaries
The Company presents its emissions under the operational control approach, accounting 
for emissions from operations over which it, or one of its subsidiaries, has the full authority to 
introduce and implement its operating policies. We exclude minority-owned joint ventures not 
operated by the Company. 
Operational boundaries
Scope 1 and 2 operational boundaries: We include scope 1 emissions from the combustion 
of fuels on-site at our facilities, including natural gas, distillate, gasoline, kerosene, propane,  
residual fuel oil and hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Scope 1 also includes offsite activities 
associated with transportation in our company vehicle fleet and field activities related to 
stimulation work carried out on marine vessels, pressure pumping operations, integrated well 
services and solutions and offshore wireline activities.  
Scope 2 includes CO2e emissions from the purchase and self-generation of renewable and 
non-renewable electricity, heating, steam and cooling used on-site across our global facility 
portfolio. Emissions associated with remote work are also included in scope 2.  
For both scope 1 and 2, the Company includes both owned and leased facilities, vehicles 
and equipment.  The Company accounts for CO 2e emissions from long-term leased assets 
(equipment, vehicles and real estate) that are treated as wholly-owned assets in financial 
accounting and are recorded as such on the balance sheet. We account for emissions from all 
other leased vehicles based on operational fleet management inventories. Facilities subleased 
to third parties are excluded and scope 1 does not include emissions from process and pipeline 
services because robust methods to calculate these are not yet available. 
Scope 3 operational boundaries:  
Scope 3 includes GHG Protocol:  
• C ategory 1 – purchased goods and 
services;  
•
 C
ategory 2 - capital goods; 
•
 C
ategory 3 – fuel and energy related 
activities (not included in scope 1 and 2);  
•
 C
ategory 4 – upstream transportation 
and distribution: shipments paid for 
by Baker Hughes and captured in 
transportation management systems;  
•
 C
ategory 5 – waste generated in 
operations;  
•  C ategory 6 – business travel;  
•
 C
ategory 7 – employee commuting;  
•
 C
ategory 9 – downstream 
transportation and distribution: 
outbound shipments not paid for by 
Baker Hughes;  
•
 C
ategory 11 – use of sold products: 
direct-use phase emissions from 
products and services; and 
•
 C
ategory 15 – investments: equity 
investments.     
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  150
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Base year  
The GHG base year applies to scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 emissions and has been prepared in accordance with the GHG Protocol set out 
herein. The Company has established 2019 as the base year for scope 1, 2 and 3 as it best represents the most recent year of business-as-
usual operations prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.  In accordance with the GHG Protocol, Baker Hughes has established a policy to recalculate 
base year emissions based on a 5% cumulative significance threshold applied to adjustments of scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 categories 
individually for any reporting year.  Significant changes evaluated for recalculation include recent company structural changes, boundary 
enhancement and enhancements in methodology and data. The recalculation of our fixed base year emissions is in accordance with the 
GHG Protocol’s “same-year/all-year” approach.   
Adjustments to the scope 1 and 2 2019 base year were made for:   
01. D ivestiture of two business units in 2023 and acquisition of seven business units in 2022.
02.
 C
hanges in accounting methodology for more accurate facility emissions estimations.
 Adjustments to the scope 3 2019 base year were made for:
01. D ivestiture of one business unit in 2022 for all categories except 3 which was adjusted in the prior year. 
02.
 D
ivestiture of two business units in 2023 for category 3. 
03.
 A
cquisition of seven business units in 2022 for all categories. 
04.
 C
hanges to emission factors to include upstream life cycle emissions for fuel and energy consumed 
in categories 4, 7, 9 and 11. Additionally, category 5 emissions factors changed from Department for 
Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DEFRA) to EPA. 
05.
 C
hanges in accounting methodology for categories 2,3 and 15 to account for the discontinuation of 
the Quantis tool and enhancements in Category 9 estimation methodology. 
Greenhouse gases covered
Emissions data is provided in metric tonnes (MT) for each GHG separately in addition to the total of all GHGs. The GHG emissions disclosed in 
the Statement and Notes on GHG Emissions include the following seven greenhouse gases: carbon dioxide (CO 2), methane (CH4), nitrous oxide 
(N2O), HFCs, perfluorocarbons (PFCs), nitrogen trifluoride (NF3) and sulfur hexafluoride (SF6).    
Market-based approach  
Carbon emissions can be reduced through energy efficiency and conservation measures and by increasing the use of zero carbon or low-
carbon energy sources. The market-based approach calculates the carbon emissions based on our electricity procurement decisions which 
include the use of renewables and zero-emissions energy sources, such as nuclear. Details including contracts, RECs and REGOs are used in 
calculating market-based emissions. We apply energy attribute certificates (EACs) only to the electricity consumption of specific facilities 
under the contract. Excess EACs are not applied to sites or regions other than those under contract. We use market-based values to assess 
our performance against our stated emissions reduction goals in the current reporting year as compared to our base year.  
Global warming potentials  
GHG emissions were calculated using the Global Warming Potentials (GWP) from the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Sixth 
Assessment Report (AR6 – 100 year). Where emission factors are published with prior Assessment Report GWPs, we have adjusted the factors 
to use AR6 for consistency across our inventory.
Note 2 - GHG reporting inventory boundaries continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  151
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

GHG Emissions Factors
Emissions scope Emissions source Emissions factors 
Scope 1 Vehicle Distillate fuel, 
gasoline/petrol
2019: US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1), March 26, 2020.  
US EPA, Inventory of US Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks: 1990–2016 EPA 430-R-18-
003, Annex 3.2 
2023: US EPA, Inventory of US Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Sinks: 1990–2021 | 2023 All 
Annexes (pdf) | Table A-70, Table A-73 and Table A-74. April 13, 2023. 
US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1, 3, 4 and 5). September 
12, 2023.
Field activities 
(Pressure pumping, 
wireline, integrated 
well services and 
marine vessels)
Distillate fuel 2019: US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1 and 5), March 26, 
2020.  
2023: US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1 and 5). 
September 12, 2023. 
Facilities Natural gas, distillate, 
gasoline, kerosene,  
liquid propane gas, 
propane, residual 
fuel oil, HFCs 
2019: US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1), March 26, 2020. 
International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 46 – Global warming consequences of 
replacing natural gas with hydrogen in the domestic energy sectors of future low-
carbon economies in the UK and USA, July 8, 2021. 
2023: US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 1). September 12, 
2023. 
International Journal of Hydrogen Energy 46 – Global warming consequences of 
replacing natural gas with hydrogen in the domestic energy sectors of future low-
carbon economies in the UK and USA, July 8, 2021. 
Scope 2 Facilities Electricity US EPA eGRID 2018, March 9, 2020; 2019 Canada National Inventory Report 1990-2017, 
Annex 13-2 through 13-14, 2019; IEA 2017 released 2019; AIB, European Residual Mixes 2019, 
Version 1.1, August 9, 2020 
2023: US EPA eGRID 2021. January 30, 2023; 2023 Canada National Inventory Report 
1990-2021, Part 3, Table A13.1-13.14. April 2023; IEA 2023 released September 2023; AIB, 
European Residual Mixes 2022, Version 1.0, Table 2. June 1st, 2023. 
Remote work Electricity 2019: IEA 2017 released 2019 
2023: IEA 2023 released September 2023 
Scope 3 Category 1 Purchased goods 
and services 
2019: EXIOBASE 3 EE MRIO tables, Version 3.7, December 18, 2019 
2023: EXIOBASE 3 EE MRIO tables, Version 3.8.2, October 21, 2021 
Category 2 Capital goods 2019 – 2023: US EPA Environmentally-Extended Input-Output (USEEIO) v1.1 - Matrices – 
November 12, 2020 
Category 3 Fuel- and energy-
related activities (not 
included in scope 1 or 
scope 2) 
2019: DEFRA 2019 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for company report 2019 v 1. 
Fuels WTT 
2023: DEFRA 2023 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for company reporting 2023 
v 1. Fuels WTT 
2019 and 2023: IEA 2023 Life Cyle Upstream Emission Factors 2023 (Pilot Edition), Total 
Upstream Factors and Life Cycle Transmission and Distribution Factors tabs of database 
Category 4 Upstream 
transportation and 
distribution
2019: DEFRA 2019. UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting 2019, 
v 1. Freighting Goods Table 
DEFRA 2019 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for company reporting 2019 v 1. 
Freight WTT 
2023: DEFRA 2023. UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for company reporting 2023, 
v 1. Freighting Goods Table 
DEFRA 2023 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for company reporting 2023 v 1. 
Freight WTT 
Note 2 - GHG reporting inventory boundaries continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  152
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Emissions scope Emissions source Emissions factors 
Scope 3 continued Category 5 Waste generated in 
operations 
2019: US EPA Emission Factors Hub 2020 Table 9 
2023: US EPA Emission Factors Hub 2023, Table 9 
Category 6 Business Travel 2019: US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Tables 2 and 10), March 
26, 2020 
2023: UK Government–DEFRA GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting (hotel 
stay, Business travel- air, Business travel- land) 
US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Tables 2 and 10), April 1, 2023
2019 and 2023: India GHG Program 2015. V 1, Passenger Car Table, p. 9  
US EPA USEEIO v1.1 
Category 7 Employee 
commuting 
2019: US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 10), March 26, 2020 
DEFRA 2019 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for company reporting 2019 v 1. 
Business Travel Land & WTT - passenger vehicles & travel - land 
2023: US EPA Emission Factors for Greenhouse Gas Inventories (Table 10), April 1, 2023 
DEFRA 2023 UK Government GHG Conversion Factors for company reporting 2023 v 1. 
Business Travel Land & WTT - passenger vehicles & travel - land  
2019 and 2023: India GHG Program 2015. V 1, Passenger Car Table, p. 9 
Category 9 Downstream 
transportation and 
distribution
2019 and 2023: Same as Category 4 
Category 11 Use of sold products 2019: IEA 2019 released 2019 
IEA 2023 released September 2023 
SimaPro 9.0.0.30 with Ecoinvent 3.5 database 
2023: EcoInvent 3.6 database   
2019 and 2023: IEA 2023 Life Cyle Upstream Emission Factors 2023 (Pilot Edition), Total 
Upstream Factors and Life Cycle Transmission and Distribution Factors tabs 
Category 15 Investments 2019 – 2023: US EPA USEEIO v1.1 - Matrices – November 12, 2020 
GHG CO2e Emissions Factors continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  153
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Nikki Hy, Chemical Engineer, OFSE
Note 3 - CO2e intensity 
Total scope 1, scope 2 (market based) and scope 3 emissions per dollar of revenue
Note 4 - CO2e emissions data by GHG
Emissions data for all seven GHGs in metric tonnes and in tonnes of CO 2e include only scope 1 
and 2 emissions. 
2019 2023
Scope 1 per $ revenue 0.000021 0.000015 
Scope 2 per $ revenue 0.000013 0.000008 
Scope 3 per $ revenue 0.009935 0.017005 
Total per $ revenue 0.009969 0.017028 
Total revenue (millions USD) $23,838 $25,506 
in MT CO2e 
2023 CO2 CH4 N 2O HFCs PFCs NF3 SF6 
Scope 1 378,868 3,296 932 0 0 0 0 
Scope 2, Location-
Based Approach 216,967 328 646 Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Scope 2, Market-
Based Approach  190,720 219 478 Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable  
Not 
applicable  
Not 
applicable  
in  absolute MT gas
2023 CO2 CH4 N 2O HFCs PFCs NF3 SF6 
Scope 1 378,868 118 3 0 0 0 0 
Scope 2, Location-
Based Approach 216,967 12 2 Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Scope 2, Market-
Based Approach  190,720 8 2 Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Market based: MT CO 2e per $ revenue 
GHG Emissions by gas 
Note 5 - Emissions data on direct or biogenic CO2 
emissions from biologically sequestered carbon 
There are no emissions applicable to biologically sequestered carbon (e.g., CO 2 from burning 
biomass or biofuels). 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  154
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Category 2019 2023 Notes
Upstream scope 3 
emissions 
Category 1 Purchased goods 
and Services 
4,587,993 6,368,267 Includes purchase order spend related to purchased goods and 
services, except for capital goods (category 2),  utilities (category 
3), logistics (category 4), waste (category 5), and business travel 
(category 6). Spend considered relates to raw materials, finished 
& semi finished goods and services provided to the Company. 
Category 2 Capital goods  167,703 147,120 Includes emissions from the upstream production of Plant, 
Property, & Equipment (PP&E) from the Company’s Fixed Asset 
Registry. 
Category 3 Fuel and energy-
related activities 
(not included in 
scope 1 or 2) 
186,887 143,841 Includes emissions from fuel and energy related activities not 
already accounted for in scope 1 and scope 2 emissions. 
Category 4 Upstream 
transportation and 
distribution
670,580 331,325 Includes domestic and international third-party owned or 
operated transportation via land, sea or air purchased by Baker 
Hughes. 
Category 5 Waste generated in 
operations 
136,287 108,781 Includes emissions from the disposal of waste types, hazardous 
and non-hazardous waste and disposal methods, such as 
recycling, landfill or re-use. 
Category 6 Business travel 102,015 68,967 Includes business travel booked within and outside Baker Hughes’ 
third-party booking system and out-of-pocket business travel 
expenses. This includes business travel activities such as air, rail, 
bus, automobiles (including employee owned and rental cars), as 
well as hotel stays when employees travel. 
Category 7 Employee 
commuting
186,849 152,870 Includes commuting emissions from active employees except 
for home office emissions for employees who work remotely. 
This includes travel by personal vehicle, public transportation or 
other zero emission methods. Optional home office emissions are 
reported under scope 2.  
Category 8 Leased assets Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Over 99% of emissions from the operation of leased assets are 
included in scope 1 and 2, or scope 3 category 11. 
Downstream 
scope 3 emissions
Category 9 Downstream 
transportation and 
distribution
482,549 260,844 Includes domestic and international third-party owned or 
operated transportation related to Baker Hughes products, via 
land, sea or air, purchased by value chain partners. 
Category 10 Processing of sold 
products
insignificant  insignificant Over 99% of Baker Hughes revenues are from finished goods. 
Category 11 Use of sold products 230,203,237 425,927,694 Includes in-use emissions from products and services sold by 
Baker Hughes. These direct use-phase emissions originate from 
the combustion of fuel or consumption of electricity, steam and 
leakage of greenhouses gases during the operation of sold 
products and services. 
Scope 3 reporting (MT CO 2e) 
Note 6 - Information on offsets 
It is the Baker Hughes sustainability policy to exhaust all carbon emissions reduction 
pathways prior to starting to use offsets. Carbon offsets are not included in our short to 
mid-term net-zero roadmap (See Note 2, market-based approach).   
Note 7 - Scope 3 reporting
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  155
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Note 7 - Scope 3 reporting continued
Category 2019 2023 Notes
Downstream 
scope 3 emissions 
continued
Category 12 End-of-life 
treatment of sold 
products
Not reported Not reported Further engagement with customers is needed to understand how 
products are disposed/dispositioned.
Category 13 Leased assets Excluded 
category
Excluded 
category
Baker Hughes does not distinguish between products sold and 
leased and therefore accounts for leased assets within category 
11 - Use of Sold Products. 
Category 14 Franchises Not 
applicable
Not 
applicable
Baker Hughes does not operate franchises.
Category 15 Investments 108,467 218,467 Includes equity investments which are not consolidated into Baker 
Hughes financial statements. Certain equity investments are not 
included as the Company is limited in its ability to collect data. 
Total scope 3 emissions 236,832,567 433,728,176
Scope 3 reporting (MT CO 2e) 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  156
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Note 8 - Scope 3 additional disclosures
Summary of the category scope, types and sources of data used, data quality, 
methodology, allocation methods and assumptions used to calculate emissions.
Upstream scope 3 emissions
Description of the types and sources of data used  
 to calculate emissions
D
escription of the methodologies, allocation methods and 
assumptions used to calculate emissions
Category 1, 
Purchased goods 
and services
Activity data:  (Primary data) direct and indirect purchasing activity in 
the reporting year 
Emissions factors:  (Secondary data) cradle-to-gate emission factors 
for purchased goods and services were obtained from EXIOBASE 3 
The calculation uses the spend-based methodology.  Where spend 
cannot be mapped to a United Nations Standard Products and 
Services Code (UNSPSC) code, emissions are estimated through 
extrapolation of mapped spend.  
Emissions = (spend by UNSPSC) x (mapped EEIO factor) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Very Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Category 2, 
Capital goods 
Activity data:  (Primary data) PP&E purchasing activity in the reporting 
year 
Emissions factors:  US EPA EEIO Factor Table 
The calculation uses the average spend-based methodology and 
emission factors published by the US EPA.  
Emissions = (spend by category) x (EEIO Emissions Factor) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Very Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Category 3, 
Fuel and energy 
related 
Activity data:  (Primary data) scope 1 and scope 2 usage (MWh) data by 
fuel or energy source 
Emissions factors:  Fuels & Purchased Heat - DEFRA WTT Emission 
Factors, Electricity - IEA Emission Factors.
This category uses scope 1 and 2 Activity data in MWh and applies 
appropriate upstream and transmission & distribution emissions 
factors as applicable. 
Emissions = (Scope 1 or 2 usage by energy source) x (upstream 
emissions factor) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Very Good 
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Category 4, 
Upstream 
transportation 
and logistics 
Activity data:  (Primary data) Details from the company’s transportation 
management system including the freight spend, origin and 
destination of the shipment, the mode of transport and weight for 
domestic and international movements. 
Emissions factors:  (Secondary data) The emission factors are from 
DEFRA Conversion Factors for Company Reporting, Freighting Goods 
table for each mode of transport. 
The calculation uses a combination of the distance-based and 
spend-based methodology.  Where activity data is not available, 
freight spend is used to extrapolate emissions.  
Emissions = (Emission Factor by mode x distance of movement x 
Weight of shipment by mode)/(% of total freight spend with activity 
data) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Description of scope 3 methodologies and data used 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  157
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Note 8 - Scope 3 additional disclosures continued
Upstream scope 3 emissions continued
Description of the types and sources of data used  
 to calculate emissions
D
escription of the methodologies, allocation methods and 
assumptions used to calculate emissions
Category 5, Waste 
generated from 
operations 
Activity data:  (Primary data) The quantities of hazardous, 
nonhazardous, recycled and e-waste generated during operations 
were obtained from the Company’s HSE data management system. 
The data also includes the treatment methods recycling, landfill, 
incineration with and without energy recovery and others. 
Emissions factors:  (Secondary data) The emission factors are from the 
US EPA GHG Emission Factors Hub, Table 9. 
The calculation uses the Waste-Type-Specific methodology. 
Where data is unavailable (does not meet reporting threshold of 
10,000 square feet facility or some rental facilities), activity data 
is extrapolated considering region and facility type.  For 2019, we 
back-cast emissions based on 2022 waste quantities, the 2019 DEFRA 
Conversion Factor and 2019 revenue. The back-casting of 2022 waste 
quantities is based on the facilities under operational control in 2022.
Emissions = (emission factor by waste type and disposal method) x 
(amount of waste by type and disposal method) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Category 6, 
Business travel 
Activity data: (Primary data) Distance per mode of transportation 
and number of hotel nights Baker Hughes employees booked in the 
reporting year is collected by Baker Hughes external partners, namely 
our travel management partner and preferred rental car providers.  
(Primary data) Distance travelled by personal use of car for business 
travel as reported in Baker Hughes expense management system. 
Emissions factors:  (Secondary data) Emission factors for rental cars are 
from EPA by car class and GWP values as reported within the IPCC Fifth 
Assessment Report 
 (Secondary data) Emission factors for hotel are from DEFRA GHG 
Conversion Factors for Company Reporting – “Hotel stay.” Where data is 
not available by country, an average emission factor is applied. 
 (Secondary data) Emission factors for air are from DEFRA’s GHG 
Conversion Factors considering flight types (short haul, longhaul) and 
cabin class. 
 (Secondary data) Emission factors for rail are from DEFRA’s GHG 
Conversion Factors considering national and international rail. 
 (Secondary data) Emission factors for personal cars used for business 
travel are from country-specific sources. US – EPA Emission Factors Hub; 
India 
– India GHG Program; UK & all other countries 
– DEFRA Conversion Factors. 
 (Secondary data) Emission factor for public transportation spend is 
from US EPA USEEIO matrices
The calculation uses the distance-based methodology for travel and 
hotel stays and spend-based methodology for expenses.  
Emissions = ∑ (distance travelled by vehicle type (vehicle-km 
or passenger-km) × vehicle specific emission factor (kg CO 2e/
vehicle-km or kg CO2e/passenger-km)) + ∑ (annual number of 
hotel nights (nights) × hotel emission factor (kg CO2e/night)) + (( ∑ 
(Expenses claimed for public transport) -  ∑ (Expenses covered by 
other reports)) x EEIO emission factor (kg CO2e/$) ) 
Reports used for other travel expenses include reports from third 
party travel vendors.
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
85%
Description of scope 3 methodologies and data used 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  158
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Note 8 - Scope 3 additional disclosures continued
Upstream scope 3 emissions continued
Description of the types and sources of data used  
 to calculate emissions
D
escription of the methodologies, allocation methods and 
assumptions used to calculate emissions
Category 7, 
Employee 
commuting 
Activity data:  (Primary data) Employee count from human capital 
management system and direct employee commuting data 
(mode, distance, frequency) taken by a company wide survey. 
(Secondary data) Estimated one-way commute miles from US 
Department of Transportation, Federal Highway Administration, 
2010 Status of the Nation’s Highways, Bridges and Transit: Conditions 
& Performance (https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/2010cpr/execsum.
cfm for 2019 and https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policyinformation/
statistics/2020/vm1.cfm for 2021) 
Emissions factors:  (Secondary data) Emissions factors from EPA 
GHG Emissions Factors Hub – Table 10 Scope 3 Category 6 and 7.
This calculation uses the average-data method and assumes an 
average distance travelled each day, number of employees working 
from home and 48 working weeks in a year with a 5-day work week. 
Assumes car travel is representative of employee commuting 
behaviors as other data is not available. We aspire to improve the 
data quality in the future by surveying our employee base. 
Emissions =  total distance travelled by vehicle type x ∑ ((# Employees 
- # Employees working remotely) x distance travelled from work to 
home / day (one-way) x 2 x number of commuting days per year) 
OR Emissions = Distance travelled x Emission factor per vehicle type 
x frequency of commute. This is only applicable to employees who 
responded to the survey. 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Downstream scope 3 emissions
Category 9, 
Downstream 
transportation 
and distribution 
Activity data:  (Secondary data) Category 4 emissions from upstream 
transportation and distribution and estimated percentage of Baker 
Hughes purchased shipments vs. third-party purchased shipments, 
based on Incoterms weighted by activity. 
(Secondary data) Revenue data, along with Incoterm weighting, is used 
to estimate emissions for category 9. 
This calculation uses a combination of distance-based and 
spend-based methods. Emissions are estimated for category 9 by 
extrapolating emissions from category 4 based on revenue. 
Emissions = (emissions from outbound category 4) x (ratio of BH-
purchased vs. not purchased) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Fair
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Category 11, Use of 
sold products 
Activity data:  (Primary data) Revenue, sales, build plan packaging data 
for products and operating hours for service delivery. 
(Primary data) Product specifications and subject-matter-expert 
testimony. 
Emissions factors:  (Secondary data) See GHG Emission Factors table in 
Note 2 above. 
We calculate direct use-phase emissions for products and services. 
Energy consumption, gas leakage, product utilization and estimated 
lifetime of products is based on product expert knowledge and 
technical calculations. Emissions are recognized once for the entire 
lifetime of products upon sale or completed build of the product, 
dependent on product type. 
Emissions = Sum of emissions (MT CO 2e) x qty sold in reporting year 
(functional unit) x expected life (years) x allocation factor
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Good
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Category 15, 
Investments 
Activity data:  (Primary data) Revenue and industry of equity 
investments which are not consolidated into the Company’s financial 
statements. 
Emissions factors are US EEIO Emission Factors - which are mapped to 
the primary business purpose for each investment.   
This estimation uses the average data method, by taking reported 
revenue data from the invested companies and applying an 
emissions factor based on the purpose of the business.  
Where investments do not report revenue (e.g. due to being pre-
revenue or inactive), no emissions are calculated. 
Emissions = ($ revenue) x (EEIO Emissions Factor) 
Description of the data quality of reported emissions Fair
Percentage of emissions calculated using data obtained from 
suppliers or other value chain partners 
0%
Description of scope 3 methodologies and data used 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  159
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement and Notes on Waste  
Statement on Waste results in Metric Tons (MT)
Metric Key performance indicators 2022 2023
Waste Waste generated (MT) 235,403.0 216,808.8 
Waste generated - Hazardous waste (MT) 120,298.0 80,293.3 
Waste generated - Non-Hazardous waste (MT) 87,434.0 106,844.4 
Waste generated - E-waste (MT) 188.0 124.2 
Waste generated - Metals (MT) 27,483.0 29,547.0 
Waste recycled (MT) 57,666.0 60,919.7 
Waste recycled - Hazardous waste (MT) 7,761.0 5,660.2 
Waste recycled - Non-Hazardous waste (MT) 22,249.0 25,601.2 
Waste recycled - E-waste (MT) 173.0 111.3 
Waste recycled - Metals (MT) 27,483.0 29,547.0 
Waste disposed (MT) 177,737.0 155,889.1 
Waste disposed - Hazardous waste (MT) 112,537.0 74,633.1 
Waste disposed - Non-Hazardous waste (MT) 65,185.0 81,243.2 
Waste disposed - E-waste (MT) 15.0 12.9 
Waste disposed - Metals (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 629.0 559.0 
Hazardous waste -  Offsite reclamation (MT) 3.0 4.3 
Hazardous waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste -  Other offsite recovery options (MT) 7,129.0 5,096.9 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 801.0 1,154.6 
Non-hazardous waste -  Offsite reclamation (MT) 221.0 349.2 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Non-hazardous waste -  Other offsite recovery options (MT) 21,227.0 24,097.4 
E-waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 6.0 1.8 
E-waste - Offsite reclamation (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 167.0 109.5 
E-waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  160
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Statement on Waste results in Metric Tons (MT) continued 
Metric Key performance indicators 2022 2022
Waste E-waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Other offsite recovery options (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite reclamation (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Other offsite recovery options (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Total waste prevented (MT) 1,266.0 2,462.5 
Hazardous waste - Offsite incineration with energy recovery (MT) 978.0 14,239.4 
Hazardous waste - Offsite incineration without energy recovery (MT) 2,062.0 867.6 
Hazardous waste - Offsite landfilling (MT) 4,210.0 3,133.7 
Hazardous waste - Other offsite disposal operations (MT) 105,287.0 56,392.3 
Hazardous waste - Disposal (MT) 112,537.0 74,633.1 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite incineration with energy recovery (MT) 1,940.0 3,001.4 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite incineration without energy recovery (MT) 1,875.0 1,013.0 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite landfilling (MT) 24,986.0 22,878.8 
Non-hazardous waste - Other offsite disposal operations (MT) 36,384.0 54,350.0 
Non-hazardous waste - Disposal (MT) 65,185.0 81,243.2 
E-waste - Offsite incineration with energy recovery (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Offsite incineration without energy recovery (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Offsite landfilling (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Other offsite disposal operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Disposal (MT) 15.0 12.9 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  161
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Note 1 - Basis of presentation
The Statement and Notes on Waste have been prepared for the year from January 1, 2023 to 
December 31, 2023 and for the year January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, corresponding 
to the Company’s fiscal year.. We have prepared the Statement and Notes on Waste in 
accordance with select GRI standards: GRI 306 Waste 2020, as further disclosed in Note 4.  
Key terms used are defined in Note 5 and in the GRI Standards Glossary. 
Note 2 – Reporting boundary
We present our waste volume from operations over which we, or one of our subsidiaries, 
has the full authority to introduce and implement its operating policies. Minority-owned 
(add dash) joint ventures not operated by the Company are excluded from the reporting 
boundary. 
Note 3 – Use of estimates and estimation 
uncertainties
We base our estimates and methodologies on historical experience, available information 
and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable. Waste volume presented 
are subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature 
and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable 
measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of 
different measurement techniques may also vary. 
Note 4 - Methodology of selected waste metrics  
The volume (metric ton) and waste type is obtained from third party vendors using the 
Company’s HSE data management system. Where data from third party vendors are not 
available for a certain location, we estimate the volume by extrapolating the square footage 
of the location and the actual volume for the waste type of a similar location. The selection 
of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different 
measurements.  The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.
Metric Criteria Key performance indicators Methodology 
Waste generated GRI 306-3 •  T otal waste generated 
•
 H
azardous waste generated  
•
 N
on-hazardous waste generated 
•
 E
-waste generated 
•
 M
etal waste generated 
Total waste generated =  ∑ Hazardous waste generated,  non-
hazardous waste generated, e-waste generated, metals waste 
generated 
Waste diverted 
from disposal by 
waste type 
GRI 306-4 •  T otal waste recycled 
•
 H
azardous waste recycled  
•
 N
on-hazardous waste generated 
•
 E
-waste recycled 
•
 M
etal waste recycled 
Total waste diverted from disposal from Baker Hughes operations 
through recycling  
Total waste diverted from disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste diverted 
from disposal, non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal, 
e-waste diverted from disposal, metals waste diverted from 
disposal 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  162
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Criteria Key performance indicators Methodology 
Waste diverted 
from disposal 
by recovery 
operation 
GRI 306-4 •  H azardous waste diverted from disposal by 
recovery operation 
•
 N
on-hazardous waste diverted from disposal 
by recovery operation  
•
 E
-waste diverted from disposal by recovery 
operation 
•
 M
etal waste diverted from disposal by 
recovery operation
Total waste diverted from disposal from Baker Hughes operations 
Total waste diverted from disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste diverted 
from disposal, non-hazardous waste diverted from disposal, 
e-waste diverted from disposal, metals waste diverted from 
disposal
Each respective component of this calculation is broken down 
in categories of recovery of operations, preparation of reuse, 
reclamation, recycling and other recovery operations. 
Waste directed to 
disposal by waste 
type 
GRI 306-5 •  T otal waste disposed 
•
 H
azardous waste disposed  
•
 N
on-hazardous waste disposed 
•
 E
-waste disposed 
•
 M
etal waste disposed 
Total weight of waste directed to disposal in metric tons by waste 
type 
Total waste directed to disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste directed 
to disposal, non-hazardous waste directed to disposal, e-waste 
directed to disposal, metal waste directed to disposal 
Waste directed 
to disposal 
by disposal 
operation 
GRI 306-5 •  H azardous waste disposed by disposal 
operation 
•
 N
on-hazardous waste disposed by disposal 
operation  
•
 E
-waste disposed by disposal operation 
•
 M
etal waste disposed by disposal operation  
Total waste directed to disposal from Baker Hughes operations 
Total waste directed to disposal = ∑ Hazardous waste directed 
to disposal, non-hazardous waste directed to disposal, e-waste 
directed to disposal, metals waste directed to disposal
Each respective component of this calculation is broken down in 
categories of disposal operation categories: Incineration (with 
energy recovery), Incineration (without energy recovery), landfilling 
and other disposal operations. 
Waste prevented GRI 306-4 Total waste that was prevented from waste 
disposal by converting into products
The sum of total waste prevented equals the volume of material 
that was converted from a waste to a product.  
Note 5 - Glossary of terms
Term Definition
Hazardous waste Waste disposed that possesses any of the characteristics contained in Annex III of the Basel Convention or 
that is considered to be hazardous by national legislation 
Non-hazardous waste All other waste not classified as hazardous, e-waste or metal waste
Electronic waste (e-waste) Loosely discarded, surplus, obsolete, broken, electrical or electronic devices, such as computers, copiers, fax 
machines, etc. 
Metal waste Metals are materials that are hard, lustrous, malleable, ductile and sonorous, such as iron, copper, 
aluminum, calcium, magnesium, etc. 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  163
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Appendix C: Stakeholder 
Engagements 
Stakeholder Engagement
Interpreting this section
Stakeholder engagement provides us the opportunity to gain the valuable insights 
and impactful participation needed to be a global leader for a lower carbon future.
We identify organizations that align with our purpose, strategy, core values, corporate 
commercial and sustainability strategies and policy positions and facilitate 
collaboration to help advance our strategic goals and objectives. Our contributions 
to associations, think tanks, consortiums and academic partnerships across our 
businesses and geographies help shape the future of energy. To read more about the 
policies used to select our partners, please see our Stakeholder Engagement Policy .
• I nternational Association of Oil and Gas 
Producers   
•
 I
nternational Renewable Energy Agency  
•
 I
pieca 
•
 K
eystone Policy Center 
•
 L
ong Duration Energy Storage Council 
•
 N
ational Petroleum Council 
•
 O
il and Gas Climate Initiative 
•
 O
ffshore Energies UK 
•
 R
esources for the Future 
•
 Th
e Nature Conservancy  
•
 U
nited Nations Environmental Program 
•
 W
orld Cement Association 
•
 W
orld Resources Institute
•  A merican Fuel and Petrochemical 
Manufacturers  
•
 A
merican Petroleum Institute 
•
 A
mmonia Energy Association 
•
 C
onfindustria 
•
 E
uropean Geothermal Energy Council  
•
 G
eothermal Rising 
•
 G
lobal Carbon Capture and Storage 
Institute 
•
 H
ydrogen Council 
•
 H
ydrogen Europe 
•
 I
EA Greenhouse Gas Research and 
Development Program  
•
 I
nternational Geothermal Association  
•
 I
nternational Labor Organization  
We worked with several key organizations including:  
 Inia Oboigbato,  Senior Finance Manager, IET
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  164
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Stakeholder Forms of engagement Frequency Example engagement 
Customers Global, regional and local industry 
events, forums and conferences. 
Proprietary Company events and 
meetings. Partnerships and working 
groups to advance best practices. 
Our senior leaders and commercial 
teams actively participate in hundreds 
of customer events and meetings 
across the globe.  
We have partnered with HIF Global, the world’s leading 
eFuels company, on the development of technology to 
capture carbon dioxide directly from the atmosphere 
(DAC). HIF Global and Baker Hughes intend to test Baker 
Hughes’ Mosaic DAC technology pilot units to accelerate 
DAC deployment at commercial scale. 
Investors Via public quarterly earnings calls, 
annual shareholder meeting, executive 
meetings and presentations. Outreach 
program led by our Investor Relations 
group, the Corporate Secretary’s Office 
and Executive Compensation Team.  
We inform our investors and analysts 
about our operations formally 
on a quarterly and annual basis, 
as well as proactively engage in 
year-round integrated outreach, to 
monitor developments in corporate 
governance and sustainability.  
Please see our Investor Relations website for additional 
information on engagements in 2023. 
Employees We engage with employees through 
town hall meetings, interactive online 
forums and people leader engagement. 
Thousands of employees belong to 
Employee Resource Groups, many with 
senior leader sponsors. Our CEO also 
meets regularly with the Employee Pulse 
Group.  
We exchange ideas and feedback with 
our employees across a wide array 
of communications channels weekly, 
monthly, quarterly and annually.  
Employee engagement on sustainability is outlined in the 
People section. 
Governments Formal and informal bilateral meetings 
with public officials at all levels of 
government. Lobbying and other 
direct engagement in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations.  
Given the breadth and scope of our 
industry and the global footprint in 
which we operate, Baker Hughes senior 
leaders across our operations engage 
with all levels of government on a 
regular basis.  
We are participating in two important National Petroleum 
Council studies requested by the US Secretary of Energy 
on Reducing Emissions of Greenhouse Gases from the US 
Natural Gas Supply Chain and Deployment of Low Carbon 
Intensity Hydrogen Energy At-Scale.  We are also proud 
to have been appointed in 2023 to the Texas Hydrogen 
Production Policy Council, an advisory council tasked with 
making recommendations to the Texas Legislature on 
state oversight and regulation of hydrogen infrastructure.     
Communities Civic engagement through economic 
development groups, chambers 
of commerce and related forums. 
Collaboration and social investments 
where we operate and in support of 
broader society. 
We have ongoing dialogue with 
community partners on charitable 
projects and planning for employee 
volunteerism.  
Community engagements are outlined in the People 
section. 
Policy groups and 
associations 
Membership participation across the 
globe. Working groups, committees and 
public-private partnership activities 
in industry groups and associations. 
Leadership and committee positions that 
extend and strengthen organizational 
capabilities.  
Our participation in industry groups 
includes monthly, quarterly and annual 
meetings, events and engagement 
to advance best practices and policy 
positions.  
Resources for the Future (RFF) is an independent, nonprofit 
research institution in Washington, DC whose mission is 
to improve environmental, energy and natural resource 
decisions through impartial economic research and policy 
engagement. We participated in RFF research interviews 
to help form and publish a report providing analysis and 
recommendations on federal policy to assist in ensuring a 
just transition. 
Universities, 
institutions, 
and non-
governmental 
organizations 
Connections, collaborations and 
partnerships on a variety of shared 
business, industry, social and 
environmental interests globally. 
We participate in multiple 
opportunities to collaborate with 
institutions and organizations on 
public policy, regulations, technology 
roadmaps and a variety of research 
projects.  
Global CCS Institute is an international think tank whose 
mission is to accelerate the deployment of carbon capture 
and storage. We participated in and contributed to a CEO 
roundtable in Washington, DC with customers, government 
and stakeholders to discuss project challenges and policy 
solutions on a global scale. 
This chart illustrates our systems and processes for engaging with 
a wide variety of internal and external stakeholder groups.  
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  165
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Performance Index
 Mathew Pompa,  RDD Tech, OFSE
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  166
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Introducing our  
Performance Index
As an energy technology company, we demonstrate leadership by excelling in 
sustainability performance. We are dedicated to enhancing how we track, measure and 
report our sustainability data, aligning the best practices in the industry. Despite the 
continuously evolving guidance and standards for corporate sustainability reporting, 
Baker Hughes’ goal is to deliver investment-grade data. We report reliable, robust data 
and are committed to provide transparency in our reported information, subjected to 
validation and internal audit processes. 
Interpreting this section
This is a consolidated view of all performance metrics collected. This is organized by 
our People, Planet and Principles framework, including a description of the performance 
indicator and the 2023 reported data. This section also includes metrics that are being 
retired this year. 
Please note the color coding for external assurance levels as follows:
Light: The information was within the scope of limited assurance by KPMG for the respective 
period, as described in the Independent Accountants’ Report within in this report, the 
Corporate Sustainability Report 2022 or the 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report.
Dark: The information was within the scope of reasonable assurance by KPMG for the 
respective period, as described in the Independent Accountants’ Report within this report, 
the Corporate Sustainability Report 2022, or the 2021 Corporate Responsibility Report.
 Ilaria Cabona,  Project Engineer, IET |  
Michele Lauriola,  Systems Engineering Manager, IET
Contents Letters People Planet Principles AppendicesSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  167
By the NumbersWho we are

People performance index1 
Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Regular  
performance  
and career 
development  
reviews
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews Not available 75.0% 68.4%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by 
gender - Men 
46.0% 72.8% 65.1%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by 
gender - Women 
64.0% 84.0% 81.8%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by 
gender - Gender undeclared 
44.0% 31.0% 26.9%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by 
gender - No gender selected 
Not available 100.0% 100.0%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by 
career band - Professional Band and above (PB+) including Leadership Training Band 
(LTB) 
Not available Not available 92.1%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by 
career band - PB+ excluding LTB 
86.0% 95.8% 92.1%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by 
career band - Senior Professional Band and above (SPB+) 
86.0% 95.8% 92.9%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by 
career band - Executive Band and above (EB+) 
Not available 94.1% 90.5%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by job 
function - Commercial 
Not available 93.4% 88.1%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by job 
function - Enabling 
Not available 95.3% 91.6%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by job 
function - Production 
Not available 95.5% 56.5%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by job 
function - Technical 
Not available 97.8% 95.0%
% of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews by job 
function - Other 
Not available 0.0% 1.5%
Employees 
in leadership 
programs
# of employees participating in leadership development programs 393 527 401
# of employees participating in each leadership development program - ASPIRE 243 300 257
# of employees participating in each leadership development program - IMPACT 21 32 36
# of employees participating in each leadership development programs - CULTIVATE 129 191 102
# of employees participating in each leadership development program - ASCEND Not available 4 6
# of ASPIRE program participants that identify as women 124 155 116
# of IMPACT program participants that identify as women 9 16 16
1 Percentages are rounded to one decimal place. If a percentage shows as 0.0 it means that it is less than 0.05 percent. Not available represents data not reported in the cited 
reporting year.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  168
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Community 
Contributions
Total amount of charitable pledges and contributions (USD) $45,215,173 $75,272,787 $63,694,410 
Amount of employee-matched contributions made by the Baker Hughes Foundation 
(USD) 
$669,215 $756,121 $855,067 
Amount of company and foundation financial pledges and contributions (USD) $2,578,208 $1,992,500 $2,427,500 
Amount of company in-kind contributions (USD) $41,967,750 $72,524,166 $60,411,843 
# of volunteer service hours 16,905 27,181 39,064
US employees - 
people of color
% of US employees who identify as people of color 35.8% 36.1% 38.3% 
% of US employees who identify as people of color by gender - Men Not available 75.4% 76.6% 
% of US employees who identify as people of color by gender - Women 25.0 % 24.6% 23.4% 
% of US employees who identify as people of color by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of US employees who identify as people of color by gender - No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of US employees who identify as people of color by seniority - SPB+ 31.6 % 32.1% 33.2% 
% of US employees who identify as people of color by seniority - EB+ Not available 28.6% 28.8% 
Women in STEM 
roles
% of women in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) roles 11.2 % 12.1% 14.2%
Employee attrition # of total employee attrition Not available 6,609 5,812 
# of total employee attrition by gender - Men Not available 5,291 4,512 
# of total employee attrition by gender - Women Not available 1,274 1,213 
# of total employee attrition by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 44 82 
# of total employee attrition by gender - No gender selected Not available Not available 5 
% of total employee attrition (rate) 12.0% 12.0% 10.2% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender - Men Not available 12.0% 9.9% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender - Women Not available 12.1% 11.1% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 16.5% 191.4%2 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by gender - No gender selected Not available 0.0% 85.7% 
# of total employee attrition by region - Asia Pacific (APAC) Not available 647 643 
# of total employee attrition by region - Russia and Commonwealth of Independent 
States (RCIS) 
Not available 1,019 105 
# of total employee attrition by region - Middle East, North Africa, Turkey and India  
(MENATI) 
Not available 909 865 
# of total employee attrition by region - North America (NAM) Not available 1,990 2,019 
# of total employee attrition by region - Latin America (LATAM) Not available 505 602
# of total employee attrition by region - Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA) Not available 67 78
People Performance Index continued
2 The annualized attrition rate of this KPI can be heavily impacted by minor changes due to the relatively small population of total employees that are gender undeclared. This 
population can be referenced in the KPI ‘# of total employees by gender - Gender undeclared’ as reported in the performance index under the Employee Counts metric.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  169
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Employee attrition 
continued
# of total employee attrition by region - Europe Not available 1,472 1,500 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - APAC Not available 9.4% 9.0% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - RCIS Not available 34.9% 16.1% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - MENATI Not available 9.9% 8.9% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - NAM Not available 15.0% 14.7% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - LATAM Not available 9.1% 9.6% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - SSA Not available 7.1% 7.1% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by region - Europe Not available 9.1% 8.3% 
# of total employee attrition by age group - under 30 Not available 1,088 905 
# of total employee attrition by age group - 30-50 Not available 4,247 3,608 
# of total employee attrition by age group - over 50 Not available 1,274 1,299 
# of total employee attrition by age group - No age selected Not available 0 0 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age group - under 30 Not available 19.1% 14.4% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age group - 30-50 Not available 11.1% 9.4% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age group - over 50 Not available 11.6% 10.8% 
% of total employee attrition (rate) by age group - No age selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
Voluntary attrition # of voluntary attrition 4,371 4,714 3,992 
# of voluntary attrition by gender - Men 3,558 3,739 3,162 
# of voluntary attrition by gender - Women 812 974 823 
# of voluntary attrition by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 1 5 
# of voluntary attrition by gender - No gender selected Not available 0 2 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) 8.1% 8.6% 7.0% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - Men 8.1% 8.5% 6.9% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - Women 8.1% 9.3% 7.5% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 0.4% 11.7% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by gender - No gender selected Not available 0.0% 34.3% 
# of voluntary attrition by region - APAC Not available 556 469 
# of voluntary attrition by region - RCIS Not available 391 54 
# of voluntary attrition by region - MENATI Not available 657 656 
# of voluntary attrition by region - NAM Not available 1,608 1,301 
People Performance Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  170
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Voluntary attrition 
continued
# of voluntary attrition by region - LATAM Not available 363 378 
# of voluntary attrition by region - SSA Not available 49 61 
# of voluntary attrition by region - Europe Not available 1,090 1,073 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - APAC Not available 8.1% 6.6% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - RCIS Not available 13.4% 8.3% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - MENATI Not available 7.2% 6.7% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - NAM Not available 12.1% 9.5% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - LATAM Not available 6.5% 6.0% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - SSA Not available 5.2% 5.5% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by region - Europe Not available 6.7% 5.9% 
# of voluntary attrition by age group - under 30 Not available 858 724 
# of voluntary attrition by age group - 30-50 Not available 3,082 2,558 
# of voluntary attrition by age group - over 50 Not available 774 710 
# of voluntary attrition by age group - No age selected Not available 0 0 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - under 30 Not available 15.1% 11.5% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - 30-50 Not available 8.0% 6.7% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - over 50 Not available 7.1% 5.9% 
% of voluntary attrition (rate) by age group - No age selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
New candidates 
hired
# of internal candidates hired Not available 4,983 4,620 
# of internal candidates hired by gender - Men Not available 3,734 3,491 
# of internal candidates hired by gender - Women Not available 1,247 1,128 
# of internal candidates hired by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 1 1 
# of internal candidates hired by gender - No gender selected Not available 1 0 
# of internal candidates hired by region - APAC Not available 478 363 
# of internal candidates hired by region - RCIS Not available 84 31 
# of internal candidates hired by region - MENATI Not available 781 634 
# of internal candidates hired by region - NAM Not available 1,615 1,346 
# of internal candidates hired by region - LATAM Not available 428 514 
# of internal candidates hired by region - SSA Not available 63 55 
# of internal candidates hired by region - Europe Not available 1,534 1,677 
# of internal candidates hired by age group - under 30 Not available 807 758 
People Performance Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  171
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
New candidates 
hired continued
# of internal candidates hired by age group - 30-50 Not available 3,702 3,367 
# of internal candidates hired by age group - over 50 Not available 474 495 
# of internal candidates hired by age group - No age selected Not available Not available 0 
# of external candidates hired 6,516 10,733 10,171 
# of external candidates hired by gender - Men 4,790 7,182 7,793 
# of external candidates hired by gender - Women 1,726 2,377 2,333 
# of external candidates hired by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 1,174 45 
# of external candidates hired by gender - No gender selected  Not available Not available 0 
# of external candidates hired by region - APAC Not available 1,166 1,022 
# of external candidates hired by region - RCIS Not available 247 94 
# of external candidates hired by region - MENATI Not available 1,707 1,697 
# of external candidates hired by region - NAM Not available 3,157 1,994 
# of external candidates hired by region - LATAM Not available 1,437 1,619 
# of external candidates hired by region - SSA Not available 189 278 
# of external candidates hired by region - Europe Not available 2,830 3,467 
# of external candidates hired by age group - under 30 Not available 3,515 4,007 
# of external candidates hired by age group - 30-50 Not available 6,353 5,224 
# of external candidates hired by age group - over 50 Not available 865 940 
# of external candidates hired by age group - No age selected Not available 0 0 
Employee counts # of total employees 53,996 55,235 57,570 
# of total employees by region - APAC Not available 7,081 7,199 
# of total employees by region - RCIS Not available 681 636 
# of total employees by region - MENATI Not available 9,486 9,935 
# of total employees by region - NAM Not available 14,080 13,566 
# of total employees by region - LATAM Not available 5,828 6,421 
# of total employees by region - SSA Not available 1,006 1,152 
# of total employees by region - Europe Not available 17,073 18,661 
# of total full time employees Not available 54,490 56,785 
# of total full time employees by region - APAC Not available 7,026 7,124 
# of total full time employees by region - RCIS Not available 679 635 
# of total full time employees by region - MENATI Not available 9,475 9,911 
People Performance Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  172
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Employee counts 
continued
# of total full time employees by region - NAM Not available 14,046 13,538 
# of total full time employees by region - LATAM Not available 5,745 6,298 
# of total full time employees by region - SSA Not available 997 1,150 
# of total full time employees by region - Europe Not available 16,522 18,129 
# of total part time employees Not available 745 785 
# of total part time employees by region - APAC Not available 55 75 
# of total part time employees by region - RCIS Not available 2 1 
# of total part time employees by region - MENATI Not available 11 24 
# of total part time employees by region - NAM Not available 34 28 
# of total part time employees by region - LATAM Not available 83 123 
# of total part time employees by region - SSA Not available 9 2 
# of total part time employees by region - Europe Not available 551 532 
# of total employees by gender - Men Not available 43,535 46,343 
# of total employees by gender - Women Not available 10,554 11,200 
# of total employees by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 1,140 26 
# of total employees by gender - No gender selected Not available 6 1 
# of total full time employees by gender - Men Not available 43,107 45,903 
# of total full time employees by gender - Women Not available 10,238 10,855 
# of total full time employees by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 1,139 26 
# of total full time employees by gender - No gender selected Not available 6 1 
# of total part time employees by gender - Men Not available 428 440 
# of total part time employees by gender - Women Not available 316 345 
# of total part time employees by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 1 0 
# of total part time employees by gender - No gender selected Not available 0 0 
# of total employees by age group - under 30 Not available 5,606 6,529 
# of total employees by age group - 30-50 Not available 38,352 38,675 
# of total employees by age group - over 50 Not available 11,274 12,365 
# of total employees by age group - No age selected Not available 3 1 
# of total SPB+ employees Not available 8,944 8,959 
# of total EB+ employees Not available 639 590 
# of total employees by job function - Commercial Not available 4,968 4,900 
People Performance Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  173
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Rezi Aliaj, Chemical Engineer, OFSE
Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Employee counts 
continued
# of total employees by job function - Enabling Not available 6,583 6,308 
# of total employees by job function - Production Not available 32,112 33,445 
# of total employees by job function - Technical Not available 10,389 10,898 
# of total employees by job function - Other Not available 1,183 2,019 
# of employees by generation group - Greatest Not available 0 0 
# of employees by generation group - Silent Not available 8 7 
# of employees by generation group - Boomers Not available 4,117 3,775 
# of employees by generation group - Generation X Not available 20,092 20,367 
# of employees by generation group - Generation Y Not available 28,311 29,164 
# of employees by generation group - Generation Z Not available 2,704 4,255 
# of employees by generation group - No generation selected Not available 3 2 
People Performance Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  174
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Employees by 
gender
% of employees by gender - Men Not available 78.8% 80.5% 
% of employees by gender - Women Not available 19.1% 19.5% 
% of employees by gender - Gender Undeclared Not available 2.1% 0.1% 
% of employees by gender - No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Commercial and Men Not available 75.6% 75.4% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Enabling and Men Not available 49.0% 48.8% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Production and Men Not available 88.2% 87.8% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Technical and Men Not available 78.7% 77.7% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Other and Men Not available 4.2% 85.7% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Commercial and Women Not available 24.4% 24.5% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Enabling and Women Not available 51.0% 51.1% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Production and Women Not available 11.7% 12.2% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Technical and Women Not available 21.3% 22.3% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Other and Women Not available 0.5% 13.4% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Commercial and Gender Undeclared Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Enabling and Gender Undeclared Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Production and Gender Undeclared Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Technical and Gender Undeclared Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Other and Gender Undeclared Not available 95.3% 0.9% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Commercial and No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Enabling and No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Production and No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Technical and No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each job function - Other and No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - SPB+ and Men Not available 81.4% 81.6% 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - SPB+ and Women 18.1% 18.6% 18.4% 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - SPB+ and Gender undeclared Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - SPB+ and No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - EB+ and Men Not available 75.6% 76.4% 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - EB+ and Women Not available 24.4% 23.6% 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - EB+ and Gender undeclared Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by gender for each seniority - EB+ and No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
People Performance Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  175
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Employees by 
gender continued
% of employees that are people managers by gender - Men Not available 79.2% 80.9% 
% of employees that are people managers by gender - Women Not available 18.8% 19.0% 
% of employees that are people managers by gender - Gender undeclared Not available 2.0% 0.0% 
% of employees that are people managers by gender - No gender selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of women-identifying employees on Board of Directors Not available 33.0% 33.0% 
Employees by age 
group
% of employees by age group - under 30 10.2% 10.2% 11.3% 
% of employees by age group - 30-50 70.4% 69.4% 67.2% 
% of employees by age group - over 50 19.4 % 20.4% 21.5% 
% of employees by age group - No age selected Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and Commercial Not available 6.1% 6.0% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and Enabling Not available 10.9% 10.4% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and Production Not available 11.0% 11.9% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and Technical Not available 10.1% 12.0% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - under 30 and Other Not available 0.9% 14.7% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Commercial Not available 68.8% 67.7% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Enabling Not available 69.4% 69.3% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Production Not available 68.9% 67.6% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Technical Not available 68.2% 66.5% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - 30-50 and Other Not available 97.6% 56.6% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and Commercial Not available 25.2% 26.3% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and Enabling Not available 19.7% 20.3% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and Production Not available 20.1% 20.5% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and Technical Not available 21.7% 21.5% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - over 50 and Other Not available 1.5% 28.7% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and Commercial Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and Enabling Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and Production Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and Technical Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by age group for each job function - Age group blank and Other Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - under 30 and SPB+ Not available 0.3% 0.3% 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - under 30 and EB+ Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - 30-50 and SPB+ Not available 67.4% 66.0% 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - 30-50 and EB+ Not available 65.7% 65.3% 
People Performance Index continued
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  176
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Employees by age 
group continued
% of employees by age group for each seniority - over 50 and SPB+ Not available 32.3% 33.7% 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - over 50 and EB+ Not available 34.3% 34.8% 
% of employees by age group for each seniority -No age selected and SPB+ Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by age group for each seniority - No age selected and EB+ Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
Parental leave3 # of employees entitled to parental leave Not available 50,283 54,518 
# of employees entitled to parental leave by gender - Men Not available 39,824 43,561 
# of employees entitled to parental leave by gender - Women Not available 10,440 10,950 
# of employees entitled to parental leave by gender - Gender Undeclared Not available 13 8 
# of employees entitled to parental leave by gender - No gender selected Not available 6 1 
# of employees that took parental leave Not available 300 805 
# of employees that took parental leave by gender - Men Not available 210 585 
# of employees that took parental leave by gender - Women Not available 90 218 
# of employees that took parental leave by gender - Gender Undeclared Not available 0 2 
# of employees that took parental leave by gender - No gender selected Not available 0 0 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following leave Not available 237 705 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following leave by gender 
- Men  
Not available 160 543 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following leave by gender 
- Women 
Not available 76 161 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following leave by gender 
- Gender Undeclared 
Not available 0 1 
# of employees that returned from leave in the reporting period following leave by gender 
- No gender selected 
Not available 1 0 
Employee 
resource group 
membership
# of employees enrolled in at least one employee resource group 7,163 8,099 9,085 
% of employees enrolled in at least one employee resource group Not available 14.4% 15.5% 
Employees by 
generation group
% of employees by generation group - Greatest Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by generation group - Silent Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
% of employees by generation group - Boomers Not available 7.5% 6.6% 
% of employees by generation group - Generation X Not available 36.4% 35.4% 
% of employees by generation group - Generation Y Not available 51.3% 50.7% 
% of employees by generation group - Generation Z Not available 4.9% 7.4% 
% of employees by generation group - Generation left blank Not available 0.0% 0.0% 
Country 
representation
# of employees working outside the United States Not available 42,442 45,398
# of countries with employees 90 89 88
# of nationalities represented by employees Not available 157 157
People Performance Index continued
3 Parental leave data in 2022 is representative of the United States population only. Parental leave data in 2023 includes additional countries such as Canada, Germany, Malaysia, 
Qatar, Saudi Arabia, United Kingdom and the United States.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  177
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Average hours of 
training per year 
per employee
Average hours of training per employee 17 37 22
Average hours of training per employee by gender - Men 18 39 23
Average hours of training per employee by gender - Women 13 30 19
Average hours of training per employee by gender - Gender undeclared 11 6 8
Average hours of training per employee by gender - No gender selected Not available Not available 8
Average hours of training per employee by career band - PB+ including LTB Not available Not available 17
Average hours of training per employee by career band - PB+ excluding LTB 12 24 16
Average hours of training per employee by career band - SPB+ 10 17 14
Average hours of training per employee by career band - EB+ Not available 12 16 
Average hours of training per employee by operating segment - Industrial and Energy 
Technology 
Not available 18 16 
Average hours of training per employee by operating segment - Oilfield Services and 
Equipment 
Not available 51 26 
Average hours of training per employee by operating segment - Headquarters Not available 18 15 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Commercial Not available 16 13 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Enabling Not available 20 15 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Production Not available 51 28 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Technical Not available 18 15 
Average hours of training per employee by job function - Other Not available 5 6 
Local and diverse 
spend with 
suppliers
Amount spent (USD) with diverse suppliers and small businesses Tier 1 4 Not available Not available $378,661,639
Amount spent (USD) with diverse suppliers and small businesses Tier 2 Not available Not available $31,090,700
Amount spent (USD) with diverse suppliers and small businesses Total Not available Not available $409,752,339
People Performance Index continued
4 Data disclosed in prior reports followed different methodology and therefore not included in 2023 Performance Index.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  178
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Metric Key performance indicators Reasoning
Professional 
development planning 
with manager
# of employees completing professional development planning with their 
manager 
Through matured reporting capabilities, the ‘Regular 
performance and career development reviews’ 
metric more closely aligns to GRI. Retiring metric as 
not aligned to GRI requirements. 
Regular performance 
and career 
development review
% of PB+ employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews by gender - Men 
KPIs not aligned to GRI requirement therefore retiring 
to focus on streamlined reporting. The ‘Regular 
performance and career development reviews’ 
metric reported in 2023 represent all effective 
employees to align to GRI requirements. 
% of PB+ employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews by gender - Women 
% of PB+ employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews by gender - Gender undeclared 
% of PB+ employees receiving regular performance and career 
development reviews by gender - No gender selected 
Retired People metrics and key  
performance indicators 
In conjunction with our commitment to reporting reliable investor-grade data, we are 
simultaneously committed to providing transparency in what we disclose and how we decide to 
retire metrics and key performance indicators (KPIs) that are no longer in line with the changing 
regulatory landscape. We conduct a thorough review following documented processes, requiring 
the approval of our Chief Sustainability Officer to determine if and when to retire metrics or KPIs. 
The below denotes the metrics retired as of this cycle and the reasoning. 
 Field Service Engineers, IET
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  179
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Planet performance index 
Metric Key performance indicators 2019 20225 2023
Greenhouse gas 
emissions 
Reduction in scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions compared to 2019 base year (MT CO 2e) Base year 217,251.0 226,574.0 
Total scope 1 emissions (MT CO2e) 501,791.1 376,172.5 383,096.1 
Scope 1 - Facilities emissions (MT CO 2e) 162,708.8 111,871.5 107,084.7 
Scope 1 - Field emissions (MT CO 2e) 197,666.4 172,058.1 183,301.6 
Scope 1 - Fleet emissions (MT CO 2e) 141,416.0 92,242.9 92,709.7 
Total scope 2 indirect emissions - Market based (MT CO 2e) 299,296.1 193,933.4 191,417.1 
Total scope 2 indirect emissions - Location based (MT CO 2e) 307,082.4 210,902.1 217,941.0 
Total reported scope 3 emissions (MT CO 2e) 236,832,567 252,414,204 433,728,176 
Scope 3 category 1 - Purchased goods and services 4,587,993 5,718,784 6,368,267
Scope 3 category 2 - Capital goods 167,703 233,574 147,120
Scope 3 category 3 - Fuel- and energy-related activities (not included in scope 1 or scope 2)  186,887 136,224 143,841
Scope 3 category 4 - Upstream transportation and distribution 670,580 317,937 331,325
Scope 3 category 5 - Waste generated in operations 136,287 79,284 108,781 
Scope 3 category 6 - Business travel 102,015 56,454 68,967
Scope 3 category 7 - Employee commuting 186,849 101,404 152,870
Scope 3 category 9 - Downstream transportation and distribution 482,549 359,773 260,844 
Scope 3 category 11 - Use of sold products 230,203,237 244,794,528 425,927,694 
Scope 3 category 15 - Investments 108,467 616,242 218,467 
Scope 1 per $ revenue 0.000021 0.000018 0.000015 
Scope 2 per $ revenue 0.00001256 0.000009 0.00000750 
Scope 3 per $ revenue 0.00993500 0.01193100 0.01700500 
Total per $ revenue 0.00996869 0.01195804 0.01702747 
Scope 1 - CO2 499,534.6 370,644.0 378,868.4 
Scope 1 - CH4 388.0 4,613.0 3,295.8 
Scope 1 - N2O 1,509.6 908.0 931.9 
Scope 1 - HFCs (only HFC-134a) 358.8 7.0 0.0 
Scope 1 - PFCs 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Scope 1 - NF3 0.0 0.0 0.0 
Scope 1 - SF6 0.0 0.0 0.0 
5 2022 emissions are presented as previously reported for the year ended December 31, 2022, and have not been recalculated to be consistent with the 2023 and 2019 base year 
presentation in the Statement of Greenhouse Gas CO 2e Emissions on pages 148-159.
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  180
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Planet Performance Index continued
Metric Key performance indicators 2019 20225 2023
Greenhouse 
gas emissions 
continued
Scope 2, Location Based- CO 2 305,737.5 209,987.0 216,967.2 
Scope 2, Location Based- CH 4 452.9 326.0 328.2 
Scope 2, Location Based- N 2O 892.1 589.0 645.6 
Scope 2, Location Based- HFCs Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
Scope 2, Location Based- PFCs Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
Scope 2, Location Based - NF 3 Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
Scope 2, Location Based- SF 6 Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
Scope 2, Market Based- CO 2 298,160.2 193,239.0 190,720.0 
Scope 2, Market Based- CH 4 376.5 233.0 219.5 
Scope 2, Market Based- N 2O 759.4 461.0 477.7 
Scope 2, Market Based- HFCs Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
Scope 2, Market Based- PFCs Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
Scope 2, Market Based - NF 3 Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
Scope 2, Market Based- SF 6 Not applicable Not applicable Not applicable
Metric Key performance indicators 2022 2023
Energy % of electricity from zero-emission sources 26.0% 29.8% 
% of electricity from renewable sources 22.7% 28.1% 
Total electricity (MWh) 604,093.0 585,164.5 
Renewable electricity (MWh) 137,327.0 164,597.2 
Non-renewable electricity (MWh) 466,766.0 420,567.3 
Total fuels (MWh) 1,609,878.8 1,633,706.4 
Diesel/Distillate (MWh) 875,343.5 915,945.9 
Natural gas (MWh) 472,915.4 449,519.8 
Gasoline/Petrol (MWh) 252,227.3 261,206.3 
Propane (MWh) 6,797.2 5,768.6 
Other fuels (MWh) 2,595.4 1,265.9 
Total purchased heating, cooling and steam (MWh) Not available 8,830.8 
Purchased heating (MWh) Not available 0.0 
Purchased cooling (MWh) Not available 118.0 
Purchased steam (MWh) Not available 8,712.8 
Total energy consumption within the organization (MWh) 6 2,213,971.8 2,227,701.7 
Energy intensity (MWh/ $ of revenue) 0.000105 0.000087 
# of HSE energy assessments completed 152 76 
6 Prior to 2023, the metric “Total energy consumption without the organization (MWh) was reported as “Total energy (MWh).”
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  181
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Planet Performance Index continued
Metric Key performance indicators 2022 2023
Energy transition 
business impacts 
and innovation 
Number of product lifecycle assessments completed 43 313 
Number of product lifecycle assessments in progress 56 4 
Spills Significant spills (barrels) 827 535 
Oil spills (barrels) 37 14 
Fuel spills (barrels) 3 1 
Waste spills (barrels) 1 0 
Chemical spills (barrels) 378 110 
Hydrocarbon spills in the Arctic (barrels) 0 0 
Number and aggregate spill volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-9 (barrels) 0 0 
Hydrocarbon spill volume recovered (barrels) 37 10 
Biodiversity Number of IUCN Red List Species 392 433 
Number of species -  Least concern 251 275 
Number of species - Near threatened 14 20 
Number of species - Vulnerable 78 77 
Number of species - Endangered 38 45 
Number of species - Critically endangered 11 16 
Production, imports and exports of ozone depleting substances (MT CFC-11 equivalent) 0 0 
Water Number of HSE water assessments completed Not available 17 
Water withdrawn (ML) 3,214.0 2,984.5 
Water withdrawn from surface water (ML) 0.1 0.0 
Water withdrawn from groundwater (ML) 618.0 646.6 
Water withdrawn from municipal water supply (ML) 2,596.0 2,337.8 
Water withdrawn from seawater (ML) 0.2 0.0 
Water consumed (ML) 559.0 654.7 
Water discharged (ML) 2,655.0 2,329.7 
Water discharged to surface water (ML) 55.0 41.6 
Water discharged to groundwater (ML) 45.0 34.5 
Water discharged to municipal water supply (ML) 2,536.0 2,239.1 
Water discharged to seawater (ML) 19.0 14.5 
Water withdrawn in water-stressed areas (ML) 410.0 409.2 
Water withdrawn from surface water in water-stressed areas (ML) 0.1 0.0 
Water withdrawn from groundwater in water-stressed areas (ML) 152.0 137.3 
Water withdrawn from municipal water supply in water-stressed areas (ML) 258.0 271.9 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  182
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Planet Performance Index continued
Metric Key performance indicators 2022 2023
Water continued Water withdrawn from seawater in water-stressed areas (ML) 0.0 0.0 
Water consumed in water-stressed areas (ML) 13.0 23.4 
Water discharged in water-stressed areas (ML) 397.0 385.7 
Water discharged to surface water in water-stressed areas (ML) 27.0 15.2 
Water discharged to groundwater in water-stressed areas (ML) 15.0 8.1 
Water discharged to municipal water supply in water-stressed areas (ML) 349.0 353.3 
Water discharged to seawater in water-stressed areas (ML) 6.0 9.1 
Waste Waste generated (MT) 235,403.0 216,808.8 
Waste generated - Hazardous waste (MT) 120,298.0 80,293.3 
Waste generated - Non-Hazardous waste (MT) 87,434.0 106,844.4 
Waste generated - E-waste (MT) 188.0 124.2 
Waste generated - Metals (MT) 27,483.0 29,547.0 
Waste recycled (MT) 57,666.0 60,919.7 
Waste recycled - Hazardous waste (MT) 7,761.0 5,660.2 
Waste recycled - Non-Hazardous waste (MT) 22,249.0 25,601.2 
Waste recycled - E-waste (MT) 173.0 111.3 
Waste recycled - Metals (MT) 27,483.0 29,547.0 
Waste disposed (MT) 177,737.0 155,889.1 
Waste disposed - Hazardous waste (MT) 112,537.0 74,633.1 
Waste disposed - Non-Hazardous waste (MT) 65,185.0 81,243.2 
Waste disposed - E-waste (MT) 15.0 12.9 
Waste disposed - Metals (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 629.0 559.0 
Hazardous waste -  Offsite reclamation (MT) 3.0 4.3 
Hazardous waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Hazardous waste -  Other offsite recovery options (MT) 7,129.0 5,096.9 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 801.0 1,154.6 
Non-hazardous waste -  Offsite reclamation (MT) 221.0 349.2 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Non-hazardous waste -  Other offsite recovery options (MT) 21,227.0 24,097.4 
167.0 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  183
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Planet Performance Index continued
Metric Key performance indicators 2022 2023
Waste E-waste - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 6.0 1.8 
E-waste - Offsite reclamation (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Offsite recycling (MT) 167.0 109.5 
E-waste - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Other offsite recovery options (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite preparation for reuse (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite reclamation (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite recycling (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Metals - Offsite material recovery operations (MT) 27,483.0 29,547.0
Metals - Other offsite recovery options (MT) 0.0 0.0 
Total waste prevented (MT) 1,266.0 2,462.5 
Hazardous waste - Offsite incineration with energy recovery (MT) 978.0 14,239.4 
Hazardous waste - Offsite incineration without energy recovery (MT) 2,062.0 867.6 
Hazardous waste - Offsite landfilling (MT) 4,210.0 3,133.7 
Hazardous waste - Other offsite disposal operations (MT) 105,287.0 56,392.3 
Hazardous waste - Disposal (MT) 112,537.0 74,633.1 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite incineration with energy recovery (MT) 1,940.0 3,001.4 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite incineration without energy recovery (MT) 1,875.0 1,013.0 
Non-hazardous waste - Offsite landfilling (MT) 24,986.0 22,878.8 
Non-hazardous waste - Other offsite disposal operations (MT) 36,384.0 54,350.0 
Non-hazardous waste - Disposal (MT) 65,185.0 81,243.2 
E-waste - Offsite incineration with energy recovery (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Offsite incineration without energy recovery (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Offsite landfilling (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Other offsite disposal operations (MT) 0.0 0.0 
E-waste - Disposal (MT) 15.0 12.9 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  184
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Principles performance index
Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Ethics and 
governance 
# of employees who completed the annual Code of Conduct training, including training 
on ethics, compliance and anti-corruption 
50,161 53,846 56,745 
% of employees who completed the annual Code of Conduct training 92.0% 96.7% 97.5% 
% of governance body members who have received training on anti-corruption 90.0% 99.1% 99.0% 
% of operations assessed for risks related to corruption 100% 100% 100% 
# of operations assessed for risks related to corruption 4 4 2 
% of security personnel trained in human rights policies or procedures 100% 100% 100% 
# of identified leaks, thefts or losses of customer data 0 0 3 
# of substantiated complaints received concerning breaches of customer privacy 0 0 3 
Supply chain # of certified Supplier Social Responsibility Program (SSRP) auditors 93 84 99 
# of SSRP audits 545 408 461 
# of SSRP audit red flag findings 1,696 1,343 1,707 
% of audits that were re-audits 82.0% 81.0% 80.0% 
% of audit red flag findings closed within 90 days 95.0% 95.0% 95.0% 
# of suppliers rejected due to SSRP policy 52 23 25 
% of local spend 77.0% 81.0% 80.0%
Local spend (billion USD) $7.7B $13.1B $14.8B 
Health and safety # of Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) leadership engagements 66,716 64,550 70,667 
# of HSE observations 1,051,723 1,071,845 1,442,048 
# of Perfect HSE days 204 217 199 
Average hours HSE trainings - employees Not available 5.3 6.2 
Average hours HSE trainings - contractors Not available 0.6 0.9 
# of near misses 1,075 1,017 1,051 
Total recordable incident rate 0.28 0.22 0.28
Days away from work rate 0.13 0.11 0.15
# of days away from work cases 97 86 119 
# of employee work-related fatalities 0 1 1 
# of contractor work-related fatalities  0 0 0 
# of total recordable illness 37 5 16 
# of musculoskeletal disorders Not available 2 5 
# of diseases caused by physical agents Not available 3 2 
# of vehicle incidents Not available 213 218 
# of sites certified to ISO 14001:2015 99 87 87 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  185
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Principles
Metric Key performance indicators 2021 2022 2023
Health and safety 
continued
# of sites certified to ISO 45001 71 61 65 
# of sites certified to ISO 9001 270 245 238 
# of sites certified to ISO 50001 Not available 1 1 
% of employees covered under a collective bargaining agreement  Not available 26.0% 28.0% 
Principles Retired Metrics
Metric Key performance indicators Reasoning
Ethics and 
governance
Net revenue (million USD) in countries that have  
20 lowest rankings in Transparency International’s 
Corruption Perception Index 
Other than the United States, no other country accounted for more than  
10% of our consolidated revenue during the periods reported. 
 Ilaria Cabona,  Lead Project Engineer, IET
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  186
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are

Legal disclosures
We report our sustainability performance annually. This report was developed for the 
reporting period of January 1 to December 31, 2023. This report includes several restatements 
of data from prior years’ reports. Those restatements and the reasons for them are identified 
as they appear. Our organizational boundary is based on an operational control approach. 
We report performance from the operation of our wholly owned companies and the 
subsidiaries over which we have operational control and exclude non-operated, minority-
owned joint ventures. Our report is reviewed prior to publication by our Governance and 
Corporate Responsibility Committee as part of their regular review of sustainability and 
corporate responsibility topics and approved by the full Board of Directors. 
Unless otherwise specifically stated, this report covers Baker Hughes’s performance in 2023. 
Incremental information regarding our sustainability report has been included in our 2023 
Annual Report on Form 10-K and our 2023 Proxy Statement, which can be found at https://
investors.bakerhughes.com/investor-relations.  
The goals and projects described in this report are aspirational; as such, no guarantees 
or promises are made that these goals and projects will be met or successfully executed. 
Furthermore, data, statistics and metrics included in this report are not prepared in 
accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP), continue to evolve 
and may be based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but 
should not be considered guarantees and may be subject to future revision. This report uses 
certain terms including those that GRI or others refer to as “material” to reflect the issues or 
priorities of Baker Hughes and its stakeholders. Used in this context, however, these terms 
are distinct from and should not be confused with, the terms “material” and “materiality” as 
defined by or construed in accordance with securities, or other, laws or as used in the context 
of financial statements and reporting.  
Statements of future events or conditions in this report, including those that concern 
future  circumstances and results and other statements that are not historical facts and 
are sometimes identified by the words “may,” “will,” “should,” “potential,” “intend,” “expect,” 
“endeavor,” “seek,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “overestimate,” “underestimate,” “believe,” “could,” 
“project,” “predict,” “continue,” “target” or other similar words or expressions, are forward-
looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based upon current plans, estimates 
and expectations that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. 
Should one or more of these risks or 
uncertainties materialize, or should 
underlying assumptions prove incorrect, 
actual results may vary materially 
from those indicated or anticipated by 
such forward-looking statements. The 
inclusion of such statements should not 
be regarded as a representation that 
such plans, estimates or expectations 
will be achieved. Important factors 
that could cause actual results to differ 
materially from such plans, estimates 
or expectations include, among others: 
changes in demand for oil and natural 
gas, as well as integrated products and 
services; expenditure reductions; changes 
in economic, political and business 
conditions; changes in laws, regulations, 
other requirements or the enforcement 
or interpretation thereof including those 
related to oil and gas exploration and 
production, natural resources and fossil 
fuels management and climate-related 
initiatives; technological developments 
of and substantial investments in, 
alternative energy; success of our 
CCUS and other initiatives; inability 
to reduce environmental impact; 
involvement in litigation; inability to 
satisfy service, equipment and power 
purchase agreements; inability to 
obtain, maintain, protect or enforce our 
intellectual property rights; remedial or 
non-compliance actions; the financial 
and operating conditions of our supply 
chain; defects in risk management; 
losses from, or the inability to identify and 
mitigate, risks inherent in operating in 
the global energy industry; high cost or 
unavailability of infrastructure, materials, 
equipment, supplies and/or personnel; 
potential disruption of operations due to 
war, accidents, weather and seasonal 
factors, political events, civil unrest, 
cybersecurity, geopolitical, or terrorism 
threats, pandemics, economic downturns 
or other causes beyond our control; and 
the risk factors in the “Risk Factors” section 
of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K 
and those set forth from time-to-time 
in other filings by the Company with the 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
(SEC), available through our website 
or through the SEC’s Electronic Data 
Gathering and Analysis Retrieval (EDGAR) 
system at http://www.sec.gov. 
Contents Letters People PlanetSustainability
Sustainability Report 2023
  187
Principles AppendicesBy the NumbersWho we are