Sustainability Report
2023 Devon Energy
Includes updates since original publication.

THE OVERVIEW SECTION INCLUDES
About This Report 2
CEO Letter 4
Message from Our Board 6 
Report Summary 7
Performance Targets 8 
and Progress
Operations Overview 9
THE REPORTING SECTION INCLUDES
Performance Metrics 68
Reporting Frameworks 70
1 
Contents
EnvironmentOverview
THE ENVIRONMENT SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 12
Climate Change 17
Air Emissions 19
Water Management 24
Land Conservation  26 
and Biodiversity 
Waste Management 28
Spill Prevention 29
Workforce
THE WORKFORCE SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 62
Our Employee Experience 63
Diversity, Equity  66
and Inclusion
Governance
THE GOVERNANCE SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 41
Corporate Governance 42
Enterprise Risk  45 
Management
Shareholder Engagement 46
Public Advocacy 47
Ethics and Integrity 49
Safety & Security
THE SAFETY & SECURITY SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 31 
Workforce Safety 32
Cybersecurity 37
Emergency Preparedness 39
Social
THE SOCIAL SECTION INCLUDES
Overview 51 
Community Engagement 52
STEM 54
Philanthropy 57
Human Rights 60
Continuing Commitments. We’re proud to highlight our efforts to 
set high standards as a neighbor, community partner, environmental 
steward and employer.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview

2 
About This Report
Devon Energy (NYSE: DVN) is pleased to present 
our 2023 Sustainability Report highlighting our 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
performance and our ongoing efforts to improve  
in all these areas. We’re driven to deliver  
industry-leading results while being a good 
neighbor, valued and effective community partner, 
responsible environmental steward and supportive, 
caring employer.
We’re proud to be a leader in the energy industry, producing oil 
and natural gas that are essential to lives and livelihoods around 
the world. Oil and natural gas allow us to house and feed our 
families, heat and cool our indoor spaces, travel, manufacture 
necessities and carry out other essential activities. Devon 
produces valuable commodities that are fundamental to society, 
and we do so in a safe, environmentally responsible and ethical 
way, while striving to deliver strong returns to shareholders.
Based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Devon employs about 
1,800 people. Every day, our actions are guided by our values of 
integrity, relationships, courage and results as we work to earn 
our social license to operate and the trust of our stakeholders. 
We believe these values are core to being a cohesive company 
and making a positive and sustainable impact.  
Our company
Unless otherwise noted, the information in this report 
is pro forma for the combination of Devon and WPX for 
2020 and 2021 and applies to operated assets under each 
company’s control in the U.S. Certain metrics and results 
that apply to only one of the legacy companies will be 
noted as such.
Devon’s values
Relationships
We are caring, connected and 
supportive of our employees 
and stakeholders and succeed 
as one team.
Integrity
Openness and honesty 
unite us and are at the core 
of everything we do.
Courage
We take intelligent risks 
and share our successes 
and failures to continuously 
improve.
Results
We always seek to 
achieve better results 
and make a positive  
and sustainable impact.
Our values naturally build on one another to achieve results.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Devon is committed to continuously improving our ESG 
performance and communicating it transparently. We 
invite you to provide your feedback on how we’re doing  
by using our stakeholder contact portal.
CONTACT US

3 
Note that the concept of materiality used to prepare this report is not meant to correspond with the 
concept of materiality associated with disclosures required by the SEC. We applied the IPIECA/API/IOGP 
sustainability reporting guidance (4th edition, 2020) definition of materiality: 
Any topic that — in the view of management or stakeholders — significantly 
affects the company’ s performance and informs external opinion. They 
tend to be issues that most affect value creation and the economic and 
reputational resilience of a company in a positive or negative way . 
About This Report continued
Materiality assessment
This report reflects our commitment to accountability and 
transparent reporting of our ESG progress. It covers the most 
material policies, programs and performance related to our 
ESG efforts, as determined in a comprehensive materiality 
assessment completed in the second quarter of 2022 to identify 
the most relevant and impactful performance areas for Devon 
and our key stakeholders.  
The materiality assessment, facilitated by a third-party ESG 
consultant, followed a process recommended by the Oil and 
Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary Sustainability Reporting, 
published jointly by the International Petroleum Industry 
Environmental Conservation Association (IPIECA), the American 
Petroleum Institute (API) and the International Association of 
Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP). The assessment process included:
    In-depth, one-on-one interviews with Devon’s chief 
executive officer, chief operating officer and other executive 
committee members
    One-on-one interviews with key external stakeholders
    Survey of internal subject matter experts and key ESG 
reporting stakeholders
    Peer benchmarking
    Reporting framework gap analysis
    Review of external stakeholder materials, such as 
assessments from Sustainalytics, ISS, Moody’s Vigeo Eiris, 
RobecoSAM and others 
The process also included a full-day, in-person workshop at 
Devon’s corporate headquarters. Participants included leaders 
of Devon’s operations, sustainability, environmental, safety, 
corporate governance, investor relations, human resources, 
legal, corporate communications, community relations, 
Identify
    List all potential issues, both 
existing and emerging
   List input sources
    Gather company input and 
indirect stakeholder input
    Update issues list based  
on input
Prioritize
    Prioritize material issues
    Determine prominence 
 within the report
Check
Confirm adequacy:
   Balanced reporting
    Issue completeness
Disclose
    Outline the process
    Set out the material issues
Review
     Seek immediate feedback
    Identify improvement 
actions for the next report
Materiality  
Cycle
accounting, enterprise risk management and internal audit 
departments. Leaders identified key stakeholders and material 
areas for reporting and mapped them on a materiality 
matrix. The workshop included discussion and agreement on 
Devon’s refreshed ESG reporting vision, strategy and guiding 
principles for future reporting.
Devon evaluated common reporting frameworks, including 
those of IPECA, the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), the Sustainability Accounting Standards 
Board (SASB), the United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDG) and the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI). The 
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC) proposed 
rule for Enhancement and Standardization of Climate-Related 
Disclosures for Investors was also reviewed. Based on this 
evaluation, the contents of this report are mapped to IPIECA, 
TCFD, SASB, SDGs and the American Exploration and 
Production Council (AXPC) Framework. 
Based on this assessment process, this report focuses on the 
following top material areas of Devon’s ESG performance: 
emissions, climate change, public advocacy, corporate 
governance/enterprise risk management, water, workforce 
safety, cybersecurity, and diversity, equity and inclusion 
(DEI). Additional topics of reporting interest to Devon and 
our stakeholders include: land conservation/biodiversity, 
stakeholder engagement, corporate culture/human capital, 
employee retention, road safety and driving, emergency 
preparedness, spill prevention and communities/giving.  
The 2022 materiality assessment built on the initial materiality 
assessment completed in 2018, as well as periodic reviews 
of material areas in subsequent years to help ensure 
our reporting remained relevant and meaningful for our 
stakeholders.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview

4 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview        
At Devon, excellence in the environmental,  
social and governance (ESG) arena and business  
performance are not mutually exclusive. Our  
outstanding financial, operational and ESG results 
in 2022 show clearly that doing the right things, 
in the right way, is good for our business and our 
stakeholders. 
Devon needs both ESG and business progress to responsibly 
meet growing global demand for affordable, reliable and  
sustainable energy supplies. We need both to continue  
delivering oil and natural gas while protecting the environment, 
maintaining our nation’s energy security and improving the 
quality of human life. We need both to evolve and thrive during 
a decades-long, complicated and costly transition to a lower- 
carbon economy. And both are necessary to preserve and  
create value for our stakeholders, whether we’re investing 
in technology solutions to cut emissions, empowering our 
employees to balance their work and personal lives, enabling 
community organizations to meet fundamental local needs or 
delivering returns to our shareholders over the long-term.
We were able to perform at a high level and surpass many of 
our corporate goals in 2022 because our values guided our 
actions. Devon continued fostering trusting relationships 
based on integrity, having the courage to advance ambitious 
goals and challenging ourselves to do and be better. 
Reducing our environmental footprint
Devon must balance the need to limit global warming with  
the need to supply affordable, accessible, reliable energy the 
world needs to improve the quality of human lives across  
the globe. We first set an ambitious target to reduce methane 
emissions in 2019 and we significantly increased our  
expectations in 2021 by setting more comprehensive and  
aggressive emissions targets, including our aim to reach net 
zero greenhouse gas emissions for Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050.  
As demonstrated through the recent acquisition of RimRock 
Oil and Validus Energy, progress to achieve our emissions 
reduction targets may not be linear over time as we onboard 
new assets and begin to structurally improve emissions  
performance to meet the Devon standard.
We have a dedicated, talented and engaged team leading 
our ESG and environmental, health and safety (EHS) efforts. 
They’re building our capabilities and reputation for constructive 
engagement and ESG leadership with our board of directors, 
industry and thought leaders from business, academia and 
nongovernmental organizations. With the team’s guidance, 
Devon was a foundational sponsor of GTI Energy’s Veritas 
and joined the Oil & Gas Methane Partnership (OGMP) 2.0, 
demonstrating our commitment to being an industry leader  
in the pursuit of transparent reporting and mitigation of  
methane emissions.
Devon’s track record of steadily increasing transparency on 
environmental performance goes back almost 20 years. Our 
2023 Climate Change Assessment Report, our fourth in six 
years, details our most robust disclosures to date on assessing 
the resiliency of our portfolio to climate-related risks. It’s good 
business to enhance our disclosures to address stakeholder 
feedback and to inform our strategic planning.
CEO Letter
A balanced approach to sustainability
Rick Muncrief 
President and CEO
Increasing board independence and diversity
The decisions we make and actions we take to deliver value 
are the result of good governance and input from our highly 
capable board of directors. In January 2023, we appointed 
Barbara Baumann, one of our independent directors, to be 
our board chair. It is unique in the oil and gas industry and 
with public companies in general to have a female board 
chair. This is a testament to Barbara’s strategic insight,  
financial acumen and operational knowledge. We also  
appointed two new directors to our board in January.  
Michael Mears and Gennifer Kelly are independent directors 
who bring impressive backgrounds and valuable strategic 
insights to the board. These board changes enhance the 
independence skills and competencies, and gender and age 
diversity of our board.
Our balanced approach to delivering sustainable 
energy the world needs
Contribute to  
secure, affordable, 
reliable energy
Reduce the 
environmental impact 
of energy production
Generate 
long-term value for 
shareholders
Balanced
Approach
Just Capital ranked Devon the #1 oil and gas company on issues that matter 
most, based on polling of the American public. This recognition demonstrates 
what it means to support all of our stakeholders – workers, customers,  
communities and shareholders, as well as the environment.

5 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview        
CEO Letter continued
Empowering our employees and communities
In recent years, Devon employees have been deeply impacted 
by the upheaval and changes in our country. We heard their 
concerns and expanded our policies and programs in 2022 to 
help employees better balance their work and personal lives. 
Those changes have included enhanced benefits such as 
family and maternity leave and increased wellness resources. 
It’s been gratifying to hear from employees that the changes 
are making a meaningful difference in their lives.
Devon makes social investments that align with our business 
strategy, including STEM education, public safety and social 
services. I recently joined our STEM partner, Cal Ripken, 
Jr., at the opening of a new STEM center at an elementary 
school – one of 120 STEM centers we’ve installed in our local 
communities. I saw how excited the children were when they 
started working with their STEM kits and how quickly they 
gained confidence. I’m convinced that our efforts will create 
gamechangers with unlimited potential to shape our future. 
We’ll keep supporting the communities where we live and 
work and the many Devon employees who volunteer their 
time to help their neighbors.
Meeting new challenges
Devon made great headway in our ESG efforts in 2022, but 
there is always more work to do. First and foremost, we will 
continue to deliver oil and natural gas in a safe, environmen-
tally responsible and ethical way. Looking into the future, we 
see further consolidation within our industry as necessary 
and an opportunity for Devon. We are committed to finding 
new and innovative ways to produce energy in an increasingly  
clean and sustainable manner, while continuing to grow 
our core business. With the dedication of our employees, 
invaluable guidance and support of our board and ongoing 
engagements with our stakeholders, I’m confident we will 
continue to improve our ESG performance. Delivering results 
is a company value and a pillar of our sustainability. 
What we’re working on in 2023
    Achieving our emissions reduction and other  
environmental targets. 
    Improving our emissions data precision and reporting 
methodologies through development of a carbon  
accounting platform.
    Making strides in our workforce diversity programs.
    Evaluating on-site contractors’ ESG performance with  
an eye toward improvements across our value chain. 
    Making plans to implement pending EPA methane  
regulations and the BLM Waste Prevention Rule. Both  
will place new, stringent requirements on our operations. 
    Engaging constructively around the proposed SEC  
climate disclosure rule that could increase our  
climate-related reporting, costs and risks.
In a year of record financial and operational results, Devon invested in our communities and achieved meaningful emissions reductions in 2022.
return on capital employed (ROCE) in 2022 - 
more than 2x that of the S&P 500 average.
39%
million of social investments in 2022 - focused on STEM 
education, public safety, social services, humanitarian 
support and building vibrancy in our communities.
$29.6
billion of free cash flow in 2022 - a record  
level for the company and a 106% increase 
compared to 2021.
$6
flaring intensity achieved in 2022 - a 77%  
reduction since 2019.
0.5%
Thank you for taking the time to learn what Devon is doing 
to be a safe, clean, responsible and ethical oil and natural gas 
producer. We welcome your feedback to help us continuously 
improve our ESG performance and reporting.
Sincerely,
Richard E. “Rick” Muncrief
President and CEO

6 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Kelt Kindick 
Chair of Governance,  
Environmental and  
Public Policy Committee 
Barbara M. Baumann 
Board Chair
Devon will continue producing oil and natural gas with care 
for the environment, workforce safety and our communities, 
while delivering competitive financial results and long-term 
shareholder value. The board is accountable for overseeing 
Devon’s environmental, social and governance performance 
and welcomes feedback on our ESG disclosures and reporting. 
On behalf of the board, we appreciate your interest in Devon 
Energy and our ESG efforts.
Sincerely,
Message from Our Board
Embedding a continuous improvement mindset for the evolving ESG landscape
Barbara M. Baumann  
Board Chair
Kelt Kindick 
Chair of Governance, 
Environmental and  
Public Policy Committee
Devon’s board is committed to integrating ESG  
considerations into the company’s decision-making 
and operations. Accordingly, we have set ambitious  
ESG and EHS goals and continue to invest in  
technology, equipment and employee knowhow  
to meet them. We are proud of our progress,  
including emissions reductions, broader community 
engagement, and increased diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI) across our workforce. We believe  
our culture of collaboration and constructive  
engagement enhances the company’s ability to 
adapt to the quickly evolving ESG landscape. 
Our board engages often, as a whole, on ESG-related topics. 
We continuously refresh our approach to oversight in ways 
that allow us to identify and manage risks while continuing 
to produce energy, explore opportunities in the low-carbon 
transition economy and consider our long-term vision for 
the company. We remain convinced that Devon’s pursuit of 
aggressive environmental targets is wholly compatible with 
delivering the strong business results that our shareholders 
expect. We seek reasoned, thoughtful approaches in our 
environmental efforts, taking leadership positions where  
they matter. For example, we have committed Devon to  
multistakeholder initiatives focused on reporting and  
mitigating methane emissions by oil and gas companies. 
Our Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy (GEPP) 
Committee has expanded its responsibilities in order to help 
us identify and proactively address emerging ESG and policy 
issues. Devon’s subject matter experts provide the board  
and GEPP Committee with substantive reporting and  
innovative solutions, particularly related to our emissions 
targets and the tactics to reach them. The GEPP Committee 
also maintains the board’s high standards for governance of 
the company, with deliberate and constructive leadership  
of our board evaluation and refreshment processes.
Over the past year as Dave Hager’s retirement from the 
board and as board chair approached, the board took the 
opportunity to reflect deeply on our mix of skills, experience 
and background, and our ambition for the company’s future. 
In January, after a thoughtful and comprehensive review 
process, we welcomed Michael Mears and Gennifer Kelly to 
the Devon board and I was elected independent board chair. 
Michael and Gennifer are proven leaders with experience and 
perspectives of great value to our company.
Devon employees showed their dedication to delivering  
results again in 2022, and the board enthusiastically supported 
rewarding them with enhanced benefits and compensation. 
We believe Devon’s care and concern for employees’ well- 
being is essential to the company’s long-term success.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview

Governance
    Increased board engagement and oversight of environmental 
targets and strategy, diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) and 
other ESG matters.
    Tied executive compensation more closely to ESG 
performance with more quantifiable metrics, increased 
weighting for ESG and related metrics and provided additional 
transparency on our corporate goals for executive and 
company-wide performance by prospectively publishing our 
goals for the year.
    Engaged constructively with federal and state policy makers, 
diverse stakeholders and thought leaders to broaden our 
perspectives on key public policy issues.
Workforce
   Provided inflation relief by increasing salaries 2% for all 
employees below the vice president level and by offering a 
medical premium holiday through 2024.
   Increasing professional and leadership learning opportunities 
grounded in Devon’s values and employee feedback.
   Further improved access to mental health resources through 
virtual counseling and a dedicated digital mental health 
platform, and continued our focus on mental health in field 
safety engagements.
   Progressed a wide range of policies and programs to reduce 
bias and improve equity and consistency.
   Met our corporate performance scorecard goal to develop  
new relationships with charitable organizations involved in  
DEI programming.
Safety & Security
     Held our first Hearts & Minds workshops in Spanish to share 
our safety culture with a broader set of our contractors.
    Introduced an ESG module in our Veriforce contractor 
compliance questionnaire to gauge our contractors’ alignment 
with our ESG priorities.
    Set 2023 corporate safety goals that account for 60% of the 
company’s ESG goal or 9% of the overall corporate scorecard.
Social
   Invested $1.5 million in STEM education in 2022, including a 
Ripken capital gift for middle school STEM centers.
   Opened 22 STEM centers – including our first in North Dakota, 
our first on tribal lands, and our first in a middle school – 
bringing our total to 120 STEM centers since 2021.
   Impacted more than 100,000 students, 2,500 teachers and 
1,900 classrooms through our STEM investments.
   In the first year of our Employee Gift Match Program, 
employees donated to 274 different nonprofits for a total of 
$1.24 million donated and matched.
   Significantly increased our Inclusion and Equity Grants from 
$100,000 for ten Oklahoma City organizations in 2021 to 
$268,000 and in-kind donations for 19 organizations in 
Oklahoma City and the New Mexico Delaware Basin in 2022.
Reduction in our Serious Incident 
and Fatality (SIF) Recordable Rate 
in 2022 compared to 2021.29%
Environment
    Reduced Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions 
by 12% and Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions 
intensity by 19% in 2022 compared to 2019.
    Reduced methane emissions by 50% and methane emissions 
intensity by 55% in 2022 compared to 2019.
      Used 72 million barrels of recycled water in 2022, an increase  
of 18% compared to 2021.
      Enhanced our leak detection and repair (LDAR) program by 
surveying 93% of production facilities with optical gas imaging 
cameras at least once during the year (with some facilities 
surveyed more than once), surveying 100% of our production 
facilities with aircraft flyovers at least twice during the year,  
and by installing continuous emissions monitoring on 31% of our 
production in 2022.
     Surpassed our standalone emissions reduction goal, which 
accounted for 15% of the overall corporate scorecard, based  
on flaring intensity performance and our enhanced leak 
detection program. 
    Reduced flared volumes by 79% and flared volume intensity by 
77% in 2022 compared to 2019.
Report Summary
Performance Targets and Progress
Devon’s ambitious environmental performance targets focus on 
further reducing the carbon intensity of our operations, minimizing 
freshwater use and engaging constructively with our value chain.
Other ESG-Related Publications
SEE OUR PROGRESS ON PAGE 8
2023 CLIMATE CHANGE ASSESSMENT REPORT
Methane Emissions Intensity (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)
2021
2022
1.84
1.72
2019 3.79
2020 2.28
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced)
2021
2022
0.9%
0.5%
2019 2.2%
2020 1.4%
Note: Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and methane emissions increased in 2022 
compared to 2021, primarily driven by the acquisition of RimRock Oil and 
Validus Energy, as well as an uptick in combustion-related emissions.
7 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
2023 POLITICAL ACTIVITY & LOBBYING REPORT
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview

90%
NON-FRESHWATER USAGE
FOR COMPLETIONS IN MOST 
ACTIVE DELAWARE BASIN 
OPERATING AREAS
8 
Performance Targets and Progress
Devon has established aggressive environmental performance targets focused on 
reducing the carbon intensity of our operations, minimizing freshwater use and 
engaging constructively with our value chain. These targets reflect our dedication 
and commitment to achieving meaningful emissions reductions while pursuing our 
ultimate goal of net zero GHG emissions.
Flaring Performance Water Performance
OVER 90%
Non-freshwater used in most active areas  
of the Delaware Basin in 2022
Value Chain Engagement
BEGINNING IN 2023
Devon contractors who perform work on 
the company’s locations will undergo annual 
evaluations to assess their ESG performance  
in key areas.
Devon will continue evaluating how we can 
constructively engage stakeholders upstream 
and downstream of our operations to improve 
ESG performance across our value chain.
NET 
ZERO
GHG EMISSIONS FOR  
SCOPE 1 & 2 BY 2050
65%
REDUCTION IN METHANE
EMISSIONS INTENSITY BY 2030
(FROM 2019 BASELINE)
0.5%
OR LOWER FLARING  
INTENSITY BY 2025
ELIMINATE
ROUTINE FLARING  
BY 2030
ANNUAL 
ASSESSMENT
OF DEVON CONTRACTORS
IN KEY ESG PERFORMANCE 
AREAS BY 2023
Water Recycle Rate
(% recycled water Bbl/water usage Bbl)
GHG Emissions Intensity
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) (tCO 2e/MBoe)
20.4 19.4 15.4
2019 2020 2021
22.0
2019 2030
Baseline
Net Zero  
by 2050
Methane Emissions Intensity 
(Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)
3.8 2.3 1.8
2019 2020 2021
2.8
2019 2030
Baseline
2050
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Targets
Progress
2020
38% 57%
2021 2022
Flared Volume
(BCF) 
2020 2022
Flaring Intensity
 (% of natural gas produced)
2025
By 2025
0.5%
2021
53%
2019 2020 202220212019
0.5 %0.9 %1.4 %2.2 %3.86.412.318.4
16.6
2022
1.7
2022
50%
REDUCTION IN GHG
EMISSIONS INTENSITY  
FOR SCOPE 1 & 2 BY 2030
(FROM 2019 BASELINE)
Impacted by RimRock Oil and 
Validus Energy acquisitions.
Impacted by RimRock Oil and 
Validus Energy acquisitions.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview

9 
Operations Overview
Operational excellence and EHS
Devon Energy strives for sustainable growth 
by delivering oil and gas from our portfolio of 
premier assets in a disciplined, capital-efficient and 
responsible way. We give equal focus to operational 
excellence and our environmental, health and safety 
(EHS) performance to drive business progress and 
keep our social license to operate for decades to 
come. We’re guided by our values to always do 
what’s right, earn trust, take intelligent risks, and 
make a positive and sustainable impact.
Devon finds and produces oil, natural gas and natural gas 
liquids in the most prolific basins in the U.S. By helping to 
supply reliable, affordable energy, we create jobs, strengthen 
our communities, and contribute to local, state, federal 
and global economies. We’ve pioneered operational best 
practices, proactively applied advanced technologies, and 
adapted to evolving market conditions, regulations and 
stakeholder expectations. We do this while actively mitigating 
our environmental impacts, including setting and investing in 
meeting ambitious targets to reduce our methane emissions 
and address stakeholder concerns about climate change and 
other issues.
Our operating teams are accountable for superior operational 
execution, protecting people and the environment, and 
complying with all applicable laws, regulations and company 
policies. Through continuous improvement in operations and 
EHS performance, we’re able to increase efficiencies, lower 
costs and reduce our environmental impacts. To reinforce 
the importance of EHS results, we tie a portion of our annual 
compensation to achieving corporate EHS targets.
Our cross-functional EHS Council sets our strategy and 
priorities for improving EHS performance, and regularly 
communicates plans and progress with our operating teams. 
EHS professionals in our field operations support our teams 
with timely guidance and effective policies, protocols and 
practices. To safeguard our workforce, Devon’s operating 
teams work proactively to strengthen our safety culture,  
share lessons learned, identify trends, and track leading  
and lagging indicators. We strive to work with contract 
partners in the field who have strong EHS programs and track 
records. Contractors who perform work on Devon locations 
complete an annual questionnaire to help us assess alignment 
with our ESG priorities and ultimately enhance our supplier 
relationships and performance. 
We evaluate and apply the latest technologies, tools and best 
practices to improve our environmental performance. One 
of our top priorities is to accurately measure and mitigate 
greenhouse gas (GHG) and methane emissions and meet our 
short- and long-term emission reduction targets. We have 
significantly reduced flared volumes from our operations and 
steadily increased the number of voluntary leak detection and 
repair (LDAR) surveys performed on equipment. Devon has 
reduced our need for freshwater in our highest-activity basins 
by increasing our recycling capacity and the volume  
of recycled water we use. We also seek to limit the use of 
freshwater as much as possible. Devon is committed to land 
conservation and seeks to protect biodiversity by minimizing 
our operational footprint and impacts to land, wildlife and 
their habitats, and cultural and historical resources.
Diversified portfolio across U.S. resource plays
Devon operates premier acreage positions with a deep, 
high-quality inventory of drilling locations. Our focused 
development plan centers on drilling activities in our 
core areas of the Delaware Basin of southeast New 
Mexico and west Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale in south 
Texas, the Powder River Basin in Wyoming, the Williston 
Basin in North Dakota and the Anadarko Basin in 
western Oklahoma. 
We’ve positioned Devon for sustainable growth through 
a disciplined, returns-driven strategy, significant 
financial strength and liquidity, and an advantaged 
dividend. Our commitment to ESG excellence supports 
our growth by keeping us focused on managing risk, 
operating responsibly and improving continuously.
ANADARKO 
BASIN
WILLISTON 
BASIN
DELAWARE 
BASIN
POWDER RIVER 
BASIN
EAGLE FORD
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview

10 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Overview        
Operations Overview  continued
Investing in innovation
As a long-time industry innovator, Devon invests in, develops, 
deploys and investigates advanced technologies to improve 
EHS performance and optimize production. Advanced 
emissions detection and quantification technologies will 
be a key component of our strategy for broader emissions 
reductions. We established a testing facility where we’re 
evaluating and comparing multiple technologies that would 
allow for faster detection and mitigation of methane emissions 
in an economically feasible way. We also explore methods to 
assess flare performance, identify beneficial uses of produced 
water beyond our industry and identify small fluid spills.
We invest in a dedicated technology team and embed 
technology professionals in our business units to align 
solutions to business needs. For example, our technology 
experts are collaborating with our operations and EHS 
teams to understand and apply the substantial amount of 
data generated by the emissions-related technologies we’re 
investigating. Our data science analytics team developed 
custom artificial intelligence models that evaluate multiple 
camera images of wellsites every hour to determine if the 
flaring equipment is functioning properly. If issues are 
detected, we can alert or dispatch an operator to take action. 
Devon also holds multiple patents related to drilling and 
completions operations, including the breakthrough in fracture 
diagnostics called sealed wellbore pressure monitoring.
Innovative approach to sourcing sand
Operational excellence requires controlling costs, which we’ve 
accomplished with operating margin improvements, drilling and 
completions efficiencies, and improved supply chain efficiencies 
from our enhanced operating scale. One of our recent supply 
chain improvements is a first-of-its-kind mobile sand mine 
for completions operations we developed on surface acreage 
we own in the Delaware Basin. This innovative approach to 
sourcing sand provides supply certainty and cost savings, and 
improves safety and emissions performance by reducing the 
number of sand trucks on roads and the combustion emissions 
associated with traditional mining practices.
 
Keeping people safe and protecting the environment are 
important to our daily operations, the long-term value of 
our company and our social license to operate. Devon takes 
ownership of our environmental, health, safety, operational 
and financial performance, and works every day to improve it. 
Additional information about Devon’s performance is 
available in our detailed quarterly earnings presentations.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

11 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Environment 
Aiming for industry-leading performance
The Environment section of our 2023 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 12
Climate Change 17
Air Emissions 19
Water Management 24
Land Conservation 26  
and Biodiversity 
Waste Management 28
Spill Prevention 29
  
Resource Links:      
      2023 CDP Climate Response 
      2023 CDP Climate Score 
      2022 CDP Water Response 
      2022 CDP Water Score 
      2021 CDP Supplier Engagement Rating *
       2023 Climate Change  
Assessment Report 
       Environment, Health and Safety  
(EHS) Philosophy
       EHS protocols for business processes
      Reclamation Standard
      Basis of Reporting GHG Emissions
      Independent Assurance Statement
* Data reflects legacy Devon only
       
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Overview
To continuously improve our environmental performance, 
Devon is proactive and results-oriented. We consider 
the potential impacts of our operations when planning 
activities and making decisions. We strive to comply with 
all applicable environmental laws and regulations, often 
going above and beyond what’s required. In the process, 
we incorporate technology, tools and best practices to help 
minimize or avoid effects on air, water, land and wildlife.
Devon seeks to work with contractors who share 
our commitment to environmental stewardship. Our 
contractors must adequately train their personnel to 
perform environmentally sound work and have programs 
to comply with applicable environmental laws, rules 
and regulations. Contractors as well as employees have 
a responsibility to stop work to prevent spills or other 
environmental issues. Starting this year, contractors 
who perform work on Devon locations are required to 
complete annual assessments to help us evaluate their 
environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance  
in key areas.
Devon is committed to doing what’s right for the environment. We want to be a good neighbor, a trusted partner and a responsible, competitive 
operator as we produce oil and natural gas to help meet global demand. We believe exemplary environmental performance is essential to managing 
risk and developing forward-looking business opportunities, with the aim of being successful throughout and beyond the energy transition.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Devon has established a track record of environmental 
performance improvements. To document progress on  
our long-standing priority to reduce our greenhouse gas 
(GHG) and methane emissions, we’ve responded to the  
CDP climate change survey for 19 consecutive years.
For almost two decades, we’ve been at the forefront  
of water conservation efforts in our industry. Devon takes 
great care to preserve biodiversity and protect wildlife 
habitat and cultural resources in areas surrounding  
our operations.
Transparency is important to our stakeholders and keeps us 
accountable for our results. Devon tracks specific metrics 
for GHG and methane emissions, flaring, spills, energy 
use, water use and others. We’ve consistently increased 
our disclosures in recent years and continue to share this 
information in this report and other public disclosures. 
For additional metrics and details on our environmental 
practices, please refer to our Climate Change Assessment 
Report and CDP responses.
12 
Clean Water and Sanitation  
page 25
Life on Land 
page 27
Affordable and Clean Energy 
page 18
Partnerships for the Goals 
page 23
The United Nations has established 17 Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs).  They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action plan for 
organizations seeking to provide affordable energy, produced responsibly 
to protect the environment, while also promoting peace and prosperity for 
all people. In this report, we have identified a variety of Devon’s business 
activities that align with the U.N. SDGs. In the environment section, look for:
Taking Action
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
AIR
    Reduced Scope 1 and Scope 2 
location-based GHG emissions 
12% and methane emissions  
50% in 2022 compared to 2019.
    Reduced Scope 1 and Scope 2 
location-based GHG emissions 
intensity 19% and methane 
emissions intensity 55% in 2022 
compared to 2019. 
Note: Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and 
methane emissions increased in 2022 
compared to 2021 primarily driven by  
the acquisition of RimRock and Validus, 
as well as an uptick in combustion-related 
emissions.
Since 2019
50%
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions 
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based)
(million tonnes tCO2e)
5.64 4.98
2019
5.31
2020 2022
4.29
2021
Methane Emissions 
(million tonnes CO2e)
1.05 0.52
2019
0.62
2020 2022
0.51
2021
2019 2021 20222020
Direct and Indirect GHG 
Emissions Intensity
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based)
(tCO2e/MBoe)
19.36 15.44 16.58
Since 2019
19%
20.37
Since 2019
12%
2019 2021 20222020
Methane Emissions Intensity
(Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)
2.28 1.84 1.72
Since 2019
55%
3.79
Impact from 
RimRock and  
Validus  
acquisitions
Impact from 
RimRock and  
Validus  
acquisitions

Overview continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Driving alignment 
Devon has a strong organization to manage environmental 
performance, from our board of directors to field-level 
environmental, health and safety (EHS) and operations 
teams. We’ve been bringing together our EHS and ESG core 
competencies and capabilities to drive alignment on our 
broader enterprise goals and objectives.  
Our governance practices and organizational structure 
elevate EHS oversight and discussions, including those 
related to climate change and the energy transition. The 
board’s Governance, Environmental, and Public Policy 
(GEPP) Committee oversees environmental policies and 
performance and management’s efforts to integrate 
sustainability into our business activities. Through its role 
to nominate candidates for our board, the GEPP Committee 
establishes a close connection between corporate 
governance and sustainability. As a component of executive 
compensation, environmental results included in our 
corporate goals are reviewed by the board’s Compensation
Committee. In addition, at least seven Devon directors have 
an educational background or direct work experience in 
environmental matters. 
At the executive level, Devon’s executive vice president 
and chief operating officer (COO) is accountable for 
our environmental programs and performance. Our vice 
president of ESG and EHS reports to the COO. In early 2022, 
we established our standalone ESG team of subject matter 
experts on sustainability and ESG, led by the new role of ESG 
manager. The team provides advisory support across Devon 
to continue making progress in ESG and sustainability. They 
engage with shareholders, nongovernmental organizations 
(NGO), policy makers and other external stakeholders to 
enhance our understanding of ESG risks and opportunities. 
Working in tandem with our environmental and operations 
personnel, the ESG team helps guide strategies to achieve 
our decarbonization targets. 
In addition, Devon is exploring energy transition 
opportunities complementary to our core business, 
including electrification, geothermal production, hydrogen 
development, carbon capture utilization and storage, 
produced water management, liquefied natural gas 
opportunities, low-carbon venture capital investments 
and strategic export opportunities to enhance the 
ultimate value of our production, among others. In 2022, 
we invested in a long-term LNG export partnership that 
creates additional pricing diversification for our natural gas 
portfolio and sustainable, capital-efficient returns for our 
shareholders. It also provides a much-needed source of 
additional supply to the global LNG marketplace. In 2023, 
Devon announced a strategic investment in Fervo Energy, 
a leader in next-generation geothermal technology. Fervo 
employs horizontal drilling, multi-stage well completion, 
and distributed fiber optic sensing to geothermal reservoir 
development. Given the synergies in operational practice 
and core competencies, this partnership underscores 
Devon’s commitment to creating value in the transition to 
an ever-cleaner energy economy.
As a result of our organizational efforts, environmental 
objectives and targets are considered in capital allocation 
decisions, corporate and business unit planning, and team 
strategies to operationalize emissions reductions into the 
way we do business.
Taking Action continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        13 
AIR continued 
    Reduced flared volumes by 79% and flared volume 
intensity by 77% in 2022 compared to 2019.
    Issued our updated 2023 Climate Change 
Assessment Report aligned with the Task  
Force on Climate-related Financial  
Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations.
    Surpassed our standalone emissions reduction 
goal, which accounted for 15% of the overall 
corporate scorecard, based on flaring  
intensity performance and our enhanced 
leak detection program.
    Joined the Oil & Gas Methane Partnership  
2.0 (OGMP 2.0) and committed to its  
globally recognized, gold standard reporting 
framework.
    Enhanced our leak detection and repair 
(LDAR) program by surveying 93% of 
production facilities with optical gas imaging 
cameras at least once during the year (with 
some facilities surveyed more than once), 
surveying 100% of our production facilities 
with aircraft flyovers at least twice during the 
year, and by installing continuous emissions 
monitoring on 31% of our production in 2022.
WATER
    Used 72 million barrels of recycled water in 
2022, an increase of 18% compared to 2021.
    Since 2015, we have reused over 250 million 
barrels of water from our water treatment 
facilities.
BIODIVERSITY
    Our enterprise-wide Reclamation Standard 
went into effect to reestablish biodiversity 
value consistently across the company with 
the goal of increasing native species diversity 
and richness in areas we once disturbed.
DEVON’S GOALS
    Set 2023 standalone emissions reduction goal, 
which includes a year-over-year reduction in 
GHG intensity and a year-over-year reduction 
in our methane detection rate.
Our environmental philosophy
Reduce emissions
Prevent pollution
Conserve water
Protect biodiversity
Mitigate risk
Track progress
2019 2021 20222020
1.4% 0.9% 0.5%2.2%
Since 2019
77%
Flaring Intensity 
(% of natural gas produced)

Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        14 
Overview continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Collaborations for progress
Our corporate value to build relationships is vital to 
improving our environmental performance. We engage  
with a variety of stakeholders to understand their 
perspectives on climate change, water use, seismicity, 
spills and other environmental issues. Devon teams up 
with industry trade associations, environmental nonprofit 
organizations, academic partners and innovative businesses 
to develop solutions. We remain committed to listening, 
collaborating, increasing transparency and doing our part  
to protect the environment.
   Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0
   GTI Veritas
   The Environmental Partnership
   The New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium
   Stanford Center for Induced and Triggered Seismicity
   Energy Water Initiative 
   U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
   U.S. Bureau of Land Management
   Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) Nation
   Columbia Center on Global Energy Policy
   Bipartisan Policy Center
   And others
Operations buy-in
The EHS Council, made up of Devon business unit and 
operations leaders, helps protect our social license 
to operate and advance our culture of environmental 
stewardship. The council sets environmental strategy and 
goals, tracks performance and evaluates the effectiveness 
of our environmental policies, protocols and practices. 
To continuously improve our performance, the group 
reviews environmental incidents and near misses, develops 
corrective actions as needed and shares best practices 
across Devon. Council members hold regular discussions 
with field production leaders to update them on rapidly 
evolving stakeholder expectations about climate change 
and environmental performance. 
The Devon EHS Management System, developed by the 
council, includes an environmental management element 
to drive program improvements and assessments. Our 
environmental professionals work closely with Devon 
leaders to promote and implement environmentally sound 
operations that comply with applicable laws, regulations 
and company policies. Based on its assessment of Devon’s 
progress on the elements of our management system, the 
council is focusing on the asset integrity element in 2023 to 
enhance our overall environmental performance.
To position Devon for long-term success, the council 
reviews emerging EHS and ESG issues, as well as proposed 
laws and regulations and their potential financial, 
operational and reputational impact on the company. 
The council drives industry-leading environmental 
performance by developing environmental goals that 
are approved by the board as part of our executive 
compensation formula. In 2022, we set goals to reduce 
flaring intensity and build out our enhanced leak detection 
and repair (LDAR) program. We surpassed our goal to 
reduce the amount of gas flared to 0.75% of gross natural 
gas produced by achieving a flaring intensity of 0.46%, 
excluding the recently acquired RimRock and Validus  
assets. Including our newly acquired assets, we achieved a 
flaring intensity of 0.51%, still outperforming our goal. In 
addition, we conducted optical gas imaging surveys at 93% 
of our facilities and surveyed 100% of production facilities 
with aircraft flyovers at least twice during the year. We also 
installed continuous or near-continuous emissions detection 
and monitoring equipment on 31% of our production.
In 2023, we’re maintaining our standalone emissions 
reduction goal for the second straight year. This year’s 
two-part compensation goal includes a reduction in our 
GHG emissions intensity and a reduction in our methane 
emissions detection rate. Together, these goals account 
for 15% of the company’s 2023 performance scorecard 
and are in response to stakeholder requests to tie Devon’s 
compensation directly to our targets. Our corporate 
goals and medium- and long-term goals challenge Devon 
to improve our environmental performance and hold 
us accountable for producing oil and natural gas in an 
environmentally responsible way.
Devon’s environmental  
performance targets
We’re improving how we produce and deliver the 
 oil and natural gas the world needs
NET ZERO
GHG emissions for Scope 1 and 2 by 2050
50%
Reduction in GHG emissions  
intensity for Scope 1 and 2 by 2030
65%
Reduction in methane  
emissions intensity by 2030
90%
Or higher non-freshwater usage for completions in 
our most active Delaware Basin operating areas
0.5%
Or lower flaring  
intensity by 2025
ELIMINATE
Routine flaring as defined by the  
World Bank by 2030
ENGAGE
Value chain in assessments of  
performance in key ESG areas by 2023

1  The environment metrics have been calculated using the best available data at the time of publication. Historical metrics are subject to change as we continuously seek to improve our data 
management practices, data sources and calculation methodologies in order to provide the highest level of transparency, consistency and accuracy. We report environment metrics on an 
operated basis, unless otherwise noted. 
2  We include all reportable emissions under EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) for Devon operated facilities, as well as non-reportable emissions from our production 
assets and, beginning in reporting year 2019, gathering and boosting assets. We calculate emissions intensities using gross production as reported under the EPA GHGRP for all reporting 
segments. Prior year data has been revised to include an additional category of emissions that was not previously reported. 
3  We calculate our Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use (Scope 2) on a location-based methodology using EPA fuel and electricity emissions factors.
4  We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products (Scope 3) on an equity basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon. To estimate our Scope 3 emissions, we rely upon 
IPIECA’s 2016 guidance document Estimating Petroleum Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Per the IPIECA guidance, we report category 11 “Use of Sold Products” 
by calculating combustion emissions for our oil, natural gas and marketed natural gas liquids products using emissions factors obtained from the EPA and net equity production reported in 
Devon’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
5  Performance is limited to legacy Devon performance only in 2020 and pro-forma Devon + WPX in 2021 and 2022, using net equity production reported in Devon’s 2022 Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for all three years. 
6  Our methane emissions intensity rate calculation includes all natural gas produced at Devon operated facilities and all methane emissions from Devon operated facilities associated with 
the production of oil and natural gas.
    Click here to see Devon’s calculation methodology for methane emissions intensity
7  Our flaring intensity rate calculation includes high-pressure flared volumes associated with the production of oil and natural gas.
8  Our water usage includes all water sources used in completions activities at facilities operated by Devon in 2022.
3   ERM CVS provided limited assurance in relation to Devon’s Total Scope 1 GHG emissions and Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (location-based method) for the reporting period January 1, 
2021 to December 31, 2021. Due to subsequent revision of 2021 GHG emissions data owing to calculation refinements that are more representative of some aspects of our operations 
by including an additional category of emissions, ERM CVS has reassured the revised data for reporting year 2021. For reporting period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, we 
expanded the scope of the limited assurance to include individual GHG constituents (i.e., carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide), GHG emissions intensity, methane emissions 
intensity and flaring intensity.   
Basis of Reporting GHG Emissions  
Independent Assurance Statement
Overview continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Overview continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        15 
Environment Performance Metrics1
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
2020   2021 2022
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) (million tonnes CO 2e)2 4.98 3.953 4.593
 By Constituent
Carbon Dioxide (million tonnes CO2e) 4.36 3.44 4.073
Methane (million tonnes CO2e) 0.62 0.51 0.523
Nitrous Oxide (million tonnes CO2e) 0.003 0.002 0.0023
By Source
Flaring/Venting (million tonnes CO2e) 2.99 2.32 1.88
Combustion (million tonnes CO2e) 1.95 1.60 2.69
Other (million tonnes CO2e) 0.04 0.03 0.02
Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use  (Scope 2 location-based) (million tonnes CO 2e)3 0.32 0.343 0.39 3
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions  (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based)  (million tonnes CO2e)2,3 5.31 4.29 4.98 3
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and methane emissions increased in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by the acquisition of RimRock and Validus, as well as an uptick in 
combustion-related emissions.
Direct GHG Emissions Intensity  (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 18.19 14.22 15.29 3
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions Intensity (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) (tCO 2e/MBoe)2 19.36 15.44 16.58 3
Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products  (Scope 3) (million tonnes CO2e)4,5 49 84 90
We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products on an equity basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon; however, it is important to note that Scope 3 
emissions estimates are subject to uncertainty, inconsistency and duplication as further described in the Air Emissions section of this report. 2020 estimated Scope 3 emissions 
are legacy Devon only, while 2021 and 2022 reflects pro-forma Devon + WPX.
Methane Emissions Intensity (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 2.28 1.84 1.72 3
Methane Emissions Intensity - Production Segment  (Scope 1) (% of natural gas produced) 6 0.23% 0.20% 0.19%
Flared Volume  (Bcf) 12.3 6.4 3.8
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced) 7 1.43% 0.93% 0.51% 3
Energy Used - Fuel and Electricity Use  (trillion BTU) 3 31.36 27.18 43.03
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
2020   2021 2022
Water Usage (million Bbl) 8 98 116 126
    Recycled (million Bbl) 37 61 72
    Sourced (million Bbl) 61 54 54
             Fresh (million Bbl) – Newly Reported in 2022 — — 9
Water Usage Intensity (Bbl/Boe produced) 8 0.32 0.42 0.44
Water Usage Intensity (million Bbl/well completion) 8 0.29 0.37 0.35
Water Recycle Rate (recycled water Bbl/water usage Bbl) 8 38% 53% 57%
Devon’s total water use for completions activities varies with activity levels, targeted formations and lateral lengths, and includes fresh, non-fresh and recycled water volumes. 
We seek alternatives to freshwater supplies, where possible.
 Reportable Spill Events Released to the Environment (events) 246 280 413
 Reportable Spill Volumes Released to the Environment (barrels) 4,042 5,705 10,858

Overview continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        16 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
effective deployment and response across our operations. The SOP 
guides Devon facilities in completing a leak survey prior to installing 
methane monitors, placing and installing monitors, establishing a 
methane baseline rate and handling monitor alerts and alarms.  
Collaborating with industry to develop methane 
measurement and reporting methodologies
Working with leading companies that share our commitment to 
reducing methane emissions is critical for Devon and the broader 
industry as we seek to develop trusted methodologies for reporting 
methane emissions, incorporating the types of technologies that 
Devon and others in the industry are evaluating, testing and deploying.
GTI Veritas
Devon is a founding sponsor of Veritas, a GTI Energy Methane 
Emissions Measurement and Verification Initiative. Veritas is the first-
ever standardized, science-based, technology neutral, measurement-
informed approach to calculating and reporting methane emissions 
along the natural gas supply chain from production all the way to 
distribution.
As a founding sponsor, we are working with GTI Energy to develop 
and test the protocols in a transparent process together with 
Taking action to measure, report and mitigate methane emissions
Achieving meaningful reductions in methane emissions is a central 
component of Devon’s broader emissions reduction strategy. We are 
taking action to measure, report and mitigate methane emissions in 
a trusted and transparent way.
We are undergoing independent third-party verification of our 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions data, including 
methane emissions. We are evaluating, testing and deploying 
innovative methane detection technologies, as well as participating 
in industry-leading methane measurement and reporting initiatives.
Independently verifying our reported GHG emissions data
To bolster the credibility of Devon’s emissions reporting which 
informs the basis of our emissions reduction targets, Devon 
engaged ERM CVS to conduct independent third-party limited 
assurance of our Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based GHG emissions 
data, which includes methane, for the reporting year (RY) 2022. 
In RY2022, we expanded the scope of the limited assurance to 
include individual GHG constituents (i.e., carbon dioxide, methane 
and nitrous oxide), GHG emissions intensity, methane emissions 
intensity and flaring intensity. 
Evaluating, testing and deploying advanced  
methane monitoring technologies
Advanced methane detection and quantification technologies are 
evolving rapidly. Devon has a cross-functional team that evaluates 
emerging technologies that have the potential to be more effective 
at finding leaks over broader areas, allowing for faster detection and 
mitigation. The team is investigating advanced optical gas imaging 
(OGI) cameras, sensor-, camera- and laser-based continuous and 
near-continuous monitoring, and fixed-wing aircraft flyovers.
Devon’s emissions monitoring test facility in the Anadarko Basin, 
near our corporate headquarters, plays an important role in 
identifying which innovative technologies are viable candidates to 
incorporate more broadly across Devon’s various operating areas.
In 2022, we enhanced our leak detection and repair program by: 
    Surveying 93% of production facilities with OGI cameras at 
least once during the year (with some facilities surveyed more 
than once)
    Surveying 100% of production facilities with aircraft flyovers  
at least twice during the year, and
    Installing continuous emissions monitoring on 31% of our 
production
We are committed to continued development and refinement of 
our LDAR program. In 2023, we aim to achieve a reduction in our 
methane emission detection rate across our operations.
Building on our progress
As Devon continues to evaluate, test and deploy innovative 
methane detection technologies, we are developing best practices 
to operationalize the new data derived from these technologies and 
integrate the data and lessons learned into our business. 
For example, our semi-annual flyover campaign detects, locates and 
quantifies methane emissions throughout our operations. Devon 
analyzes the data generated by the campaign to determine whether the 
identified emission event occurred on a Devon location, the duration 
of the emission event and whether it is still occurring, and the type of 
response and repair necessary to mitigate the emission event. We’ve 
automated the process to manage the response and maintenance 
process in our enterprise software from the time we receive the data 
until the repairs are confirmed and the issue is resolved. 
For continuous and near-continuous monitoring deployment, we 
developed a standard operating procedure (SOP) to drive efficient, 
Devon’s Methane Detection Test Facility
Nine different technologies are being tested
Local Sensors
Continuous (24/7), localized detection with quantification
2-8 scans/day, localized detection with quantification
Visual Imaging
Continuous (24/7), localized detection with quantification
Continuous daylight visualization with quantification
Continuous (24/7), visualization without quantification
Aerial Flyovers
Non-continuous, localized detection with quantifications
technical experts, leading academics, environmental NGOs and 
companies. Once completed, the widespread adoption of the Veritas 
protocols across industry ensures that there is a consistent and 
transparent methodology for companies to calculate and report 
methane emissions. It also provides a standardized way of evaluating 
methane emissions monitoring and mitigation technologies.
Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 2.0
In 2022, Devon joined the Oil and Gas Methane Partnership 
2.0 (OGMP 2.0), a multistakeholder partnership to improve the 
accuracy and transparency of methane emissions reporting in 
the oil and gas sector. OGMP 2.0 is a voluntary, public-private 
partnership between the United Nations Environment Programme, 
the European Commission, the Environmental Defense Fund 
and over 80 oil and gas companies aimed at minimizing methane 
emissions from global oil and gas operations. Its work has helped 
to raise awareness of methane emissions and contributed to the 
growing priority of mitigation activities.
OGMP 2.0 is the only comprehensive measurement-based reporting 
framework covering all material sources of methane emissions from 
both operated and non-operated assets across all segments of the 
value chain. 
1 2 3 4
5
6
7
8
9
4 4
312 21
4 4
4
4
4
4
4
5
5
5 3 53
2 1
9
6
7
8

17 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Devon is focused on producing reliable, affordable 
and accessible energy the world needs, while 
continuing to find ways to produce and deliver  
it more responsibly.  
The world relies on oil and natural gas to power the basic systems 
of our daily lives – transportation, heating and cooling, lighting, 
manufacturing, agriculture, telecommunications and technology. 
Many of the products we use every day are made from plastics 
and compounds derived from oil and natural gas, which also fuel 
the machinery to manufacture these materials.
At Devon, we’re proud to find and produce these valuable 
commodities and improve our way of life. Through the work our 
employees do every day, we contribute to local, state, national 
and global economies. We also recognize that the economic 
benefits of our industry must be balanced with care for the 
environment. Devon is focused on delivering strong returns to 
our shareholders while continuously improving our environmental 
performance, with specific emphasis on climate change.
In its 2022 outlook, the U.S. Energy Information Administration 
(EIA) projects that oil and natural gas will continue to be 
leading sources of energy worldwide for decades to come. For 
example, in the transportation sector, gasoline and diesel fuel 
will account for 74% of total consumption in 2050. Devon will 
continue to produce the oil and gas the world needs in a safe, 
environmentally responsible and ethical way, and disclose our 
results publicly. Earning our stakeholders’ trust is important for 
the future of our business, so we’ll continue to plan for the risks 
and opportunities ahead.
Assessing and reporting our climate change-related risks
Climate change-related risks receive formal and ongoing 
consideration in Devon’s enterprise risk management process. 
The company regularly models numerous regional and 
macro-level scenarios – including acquisitions, divestitures 
and changes in regulations and market conditions – to test 
the strength of our portfolio and resources. Each year, the 
modeled scenarios inform the strategic decision-making of 
Devon’s executive committee and board of directors that 
factors into Devon’s long-range plan. We publicly report on 
climate-related risks and the results of our climate-related 
scenario analysis in our Climate Change Assessment Report 
(CCAR) in an effort to demonstrate our ongoing commitment 
to transparency.
Our 2023 CCAR, the fourth report in six years, was prepared 
by Devon with support from third-party consultants. Devon 
retained ICF to help assess the company’s market risk and 
our oil and natural gas portfolio’s resilience in the face of 
potential impacts of climate policy on oil, natural gas, and 
natural gas liquids (NGL) demand, production and prices, as 
well as basin-level exposure to potential physical risks from 
a rapidly changing climate. In order to evaluate the potential 
market risks to the company’s portfolio from a possible 
carbon-constrained future, Devon evaluated pricing scenarios 
and model results from both ICF and the widely referenced 
International Energy Agency (IEA), including the IEA’s 2022 
World Energy Outlook (WEO) Net Zero Emissions by 2050 
Scenario, which targets a 1.5°C stabilization in the rise in 
global average temperatures.
Climate Change
Proactively addressing risks and opportunities
2023 CCAR 
2023 CDP Climate 
Response
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon’s approach to managing 
climate change risk
    Decrease the carbon intensity of our operations 
by reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based 
GHG emissions to net zero by 2050, prioritizing the 
reduction of flaring and methane emissions.
    Disclose our progress and strengthen governance 
practice around climate change risk.
    Evaluate opportunities to create value in the transition 
to ever-cleaner forms of energy with thoughtful 
capital allocation.
In order to evaluate the potential physical risks to the 
company’s assets, Devon considered a representative set 
of climate projections for a range of climate and extreme 
weather hazards related to temperature, precipitation, 
drought and winter storms through the late-21st century. 
The climate projections were based on scenarios from the 
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).

18 
In addition, Devon retained ClimeCo to enhance the company’s 
alignment to the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosure (TCFD), an international, multi-industry 
led initiative launched to develop recommendations for voluntary 
disclosure of climate-related risk. The 2023 CCAR includes additional 
metrics and disclosures corresponding to the TCFD’s updated 
2021 implementation guidance, demonstrating our support for the 
ongoing efforts of the TCFD.
The 2023 assessment determined that oil and natural gas will remain 
essential to meeting global energy demand, even in the carbon-
constrained future scenarios. Additional conclusions included:
    Under base case scenarios, global demand for oil and natural gas 
grows until 2030 and then levels off while prices increase for the 
duration of the forecast period until 2050.
    Under carbon-constrained future scenarios, demand for oil 
and natural gas is substantially reduced. However, even in such 
carbon-constrained scenarios, oil and natural gas remain crucial 
to meeting global energy demand and North American oil 
and natural gas production plays a large role in meeting that 
demand.
    The assessment concludes that our assets are likely to be well 
positioned to remain profitable even in aggressive low-carbon 
scenarios. Furthermore, the changes in Devon’s portfolio—the 
acquisitions of RimRock Oil and Validus Energy—have made the 
company more resilient in low oil and natural gas price scenarios.
Climate Change  continued
Ambitious emissions reduction targets
In 2019, we set a methane intensity target of 0.28% or lower by 
2025, and then beat the target level in 2020. In June 2021, we 
reinforced our commitment to proactively manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities by establishing additional environmental 
performance targets to limit GHG and methane emissions in our 
operations. These operational emissions performance targets are 
in line with leading industry practices and stakeholder priorities. 
These targets, endorsed by our board, are the following:
    Achieve net zero GHG emissions for Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050
    Reduce Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity by 50% by 
2030 (from a 2019 baseline)
    Reduce methane emissions intensity by 65% by 2030 (from a 
2019 baseline)
    Achieve flaring intensity of 0.5% or lower by 2025 and 
eliminate routine flaring by 2030
As we strive to meet or beat these targets, Devon will continue to 
apply a wide range of advanced technologies and best practices, in 
tandem with increasing efficiencies, and is committed to providing 
transparent updates on our progress.
Devon closely monitors possible business impacts of climate 
change in the market and policy arenas, and we’re prepared to 
adapt as needed. We’re committed to ongoing dialogue with our
board of directors, shareholders and other stakeholders about our 
climate change-related risks and opportunities. Our industry will 
play a pivotal role in delivering global energy for generations to 
come, and Devon is embracing change to be part of that future.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Did you know that some 840 million 
people worldwide do not have access 
to electricity? Or that close to 3 billion 
people still rely on inefficient and polluting 
cooking systems? The responsibly sourced 
fuel that Devon produces generates 
low-cost electricity and is feedstock for 
products that meet people’s basic needs.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

19 
Devon is committed to reducing the carbon intensity 
of our operations, evaluating new opportunities and 
transparently reporting our results. We’re doing our 
part to be a responsible operator for the benefit of 
the environment, our employees and their families, 
our communities, our shareholders and our business—
today and in the future.
Our long-standing commitment to reduce air emissions, 
particularly GHGs, is embedded in our culture through our 
Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Philosophy and our 
core values to earn stakeholder trust, proactively manage risk 
and challenge ourselves to continuously improve. To reduce 
our impacts on the air and climate, we collaborate within and 
outside the company to implement technology, best practices 
and tools, and to generate new ideas and innovate.
Reducing the carbon intensity of our operations starts with 
proactively controlling and reducing air emissions from our 
operations. Devon focuses on reducing operational emissions 
of GHGs such as carbon dioxide (CO2) and methane, as well 
as volatile organic compounds (VOC), nitrogen oxide (NOx) 
and other gases, and reporting our results. In June 2021, we 
announced aggressive targets to lower the carbon intensity 
of our operations and outlined our approach to managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities in our Climate Change 
Assessment Report. We’re taking these actions to lower our 
regulatory, market and reputational risk, but also because we 
believe protecting air quality aligns with our values and makes 
our business more sustainable.
Air Emissions
Targets, technology and transparency
Air emissions performance management
We invest in the latest equipment and deploy well-trained 
employees and contractors to carry out our emissions 
reduction programs. Our air quality program supports efficient, 
effective work by defining responsibilities and requirements for 
communications, compliance, recordkeeping and training. 
Because emissions programs and results are critical to Devon’s 
overall performance, we’re organized to drive progress. 
Our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Steering 
Committee monitors our air emissions performance in the 
context of the evolving regulatory, legal and stakeholder 
landscape. It also advises our senior leaders on issues for 
consideration in enterprise risk management, stakeholder 
engagement, and regulatory and legal compliance.
Our vice president of ESG and EHS serves on both the 
ESG Steering Committee and the cross-functional EHS 
Council, providing continuity and alignment while elevating 
our companywide focus on ESG performance, including 
air emissions. To implement Devon’s emissions reduction 
strategy effectively, the EHS Council sets the strategy in close 
coordination with the vice president for ESG and EHS, the 
ESG Steering Committee and senior leaders. In early 2022, we 
established our ESG team, led by the new role of ESG manager, 
to provide advisory support across Devon to help achieve our 
ESG and sustainability-related objectives and goals. 
In addition, our ESG team closely monitors regulatory and 
legislative developments to understand the potential impacts to 
our operations and environmental performance. For example, 
we are closely monitoring the development and finalization of 
the EPA’s methane regulations, which we anticipate will result 
in continued emissions reduction for Devon and the broader 
industry.
Investing in these resources reinforces the critical importance of 
meeting our targets and shows the level of leadership buy-in to 
continue our progress. It has also encouraged and enabled our 
business units to take ownership and operationalize their goals. 
Business units are devoting capital and resources to mitigate 
emissions, evaluate and enhance facility designs, and learn 
about the new technologies we may use to achieve Devon’s 
emissions goals.
Managing air permitting compliance
Compliance with all applicable federal and state environmental 
laws and regulations is central to our EHS Philosophy and the 
Devon Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our compliance 
process guides employees on meeting Devon’s air permitting 
requirements in our operating areas, aided by a web-enabled 
database that quickly distributes requirements for new and 
modified air permits to the people directly responsible for 
compliance.
Devon facilities and equipment may at times emit VOCs, NOx 
and other gases that are subject to state and federal emissions 
authorization permits and limits. We pursue full compliance by 
clearly communicating requirements to our operating facilities. 
Some facilities are subject to annual emissions inventories, 
which we submit to the appropriate regulatory agencies. 
The information is publicly available in states where these 
inventories are required. If compliance issues arise, we work 
expeditiously and constructively with regulators to address 
them. We’ll continue to proactively look beyond compliance to 
further reduce our air emissions.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon’s approach to  
reducing air emissions
Apply technology and 
best practices to reduce 
GHG and methane 
emissions at their source 
and to mitigate impacts
Increase transparency 
in alignment with TCFD 
recommendations, including 
disclosure of progress we are 
making toward our targets
Set targets to drive 
continuous performance 
improvements

20 
Greenhouse gas emissions methodology 
Devon reports GHG emissions from fuel combustion, flaring, 
fugitive emissions, venting and storage tank losses (Scope 1) 
and electricity consumption (location-based Scope 2) 
for assets under our operational control. We collect data 
on GHGs (carbon dioxide (CO2), methane and nitrous 
oxide) and submit annual GHG emissions according to the 
requirements of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA) Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program.
We also report indirect emissions from the use of sold 
products (Scope 3) on an equity basis from sources not 
owned or controlled by Devon. Scope 3 GHG 
emissions include indirect emissions from the 
consumption and use of Devon’s crude oil and 
natural gas production. 
To estimate our Scope 3 emissions, Devon relies 
on IPIECA’s 2016 guidance document, Estimating 
Petroleum Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions. According to this 
guidance, category 11, “Use of Sold Products,” is 
generally the largest contributor of Scope 3 emissions 
for a fuel-producing company and can account 
for more than 80% of a company’s total Scope 3 
emissions. We report “Use of Sold Products” by 
calculating combustion emissions for our oil, natural 
gas and marketed natural gas liquids products.  
It is important to note that Scope 3 emissions 
estimates are subject to uncertainty, inconsistency 
and duplication due to the reporting of assets 
outside the control of the reporting company and 
various reporting methodologies. In addition, two or 
more companies will account for the same emissions 
within their Scope 1, 2 or 3 emission inventories (as 
further described in the IPIECA guidance document).
As an exploration and production company, Devon 
has no direct control over how the raw materials  
we produce and sell are ultimately consumed.  
For this reason, we are committed to and focused  
on Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based emissions 
for assets under our control, where we can 
most directly and meaningfully effect emissions 
reductions. We will continue to evaluate ways in 
which we can reduce value chain emissions and 
engage constructively with stakeholders upstream 
and downstream of our production operations.
Air Emissions  continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Third-party verification of  
GHG emissions data
Devon engaged with ERM CVS to conduct independent 
third-party limited assurance of our Scope 1 and Scope 
2 location-based GHG emissions data for the reporting 
year (RY) 2021. Due to subsequent revision of 2021 GHG 
emissions data owing to calculation refinements that are 
more representative of some aspects of our operations, ERM 
CVS has reassured the revised data for RY2021.
In RY2022, we expanded the scope of the limited assurance 
to include individual GHG constituents (i.e., carbon dioxide, 
methane and nitrous oxide), GHG emissions intensity, 
methane emissions intensity, and flaring intensity. Please see 
ERM CVS’s Independent Assurance Statement to learn more 
about the third-party verification process.
We believe measurement, reporting and verification of 
our GHG emissions performance plays a central role in our 
ability to achieve our emissions reduction goals in a trusted 
and transparent way.
We calculate our direct (Scope 1) GHG and methane emissions by 
including all emissions reported to the EPA pursuant to the Greenhouse 
Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) for production and gathering and 
boosting assets under our operational control, as well as emissions 
subject to the GHGRP that fall below the basin-level reporting 
threshold.
We calculate our indirect (location-based Scope 2) GHG emissions for 
electricity consumption using EPA fuel and electricity emissions factors 
for assets under our operational control. 
Devon’s commitment to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based 
GHG emissions intensity by 50% and methane emissions intensity by 
65% by 2030 will be calculated from a 2019 baseline.
This baseline serves as a hypothetical reference point for what the 
emissions intensity would have been in the absence of emissions 
reduction efforts over time. To comparably track progress toward the 
targets, adjustments to the emissions baseline may be necessary to 
reflect structural, organizational or reporting changes that may occur 
over time. For example, an acquisition or divestiture could significantly 
impact our emissions performance and impair comparability from the 
emissions baseline.
We relied upon guidance from the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and 
IPIECA in establishing our baseline recalculation methodology. Our 
baseline will be adjusted if impacted by one or more trigger events 
that result in a change to the emissions baseline of 5% or higher 
on an absolute or intensity basis. Trigger events include structural 
changes; source ownership or control changes; changes to reporting 
boundaries, quantification methodologies or data improvements; or 
discovery of errors.
Our 2019 baseline has been recalculated to reflect the acquisition 
of Felix Energy in 2020, divestiture of the Barnett Shale in 2020, 
divestiture of the Wind River Basin in 2021, acquisition of RimRock Oil  
in 2022 and acquisition of Validus Energy in 2022.
We believe our recalculation methodology affirms our commitment 
to structurally drive down emissions, rather than divesting assets 
as a means to achieve our ambitious emissions reduction targets.
We are committed to the ongoing review and assessment of the 
appropriateness of our emission reduction target levels and will 
adjust as needed.
Methane 
Emissions 
Intensity
GHG  
Emissions 
Intensity ==
METHANE EMISSIONS  (tonnes CO2e)
GROSS OPERATED PRODUCTION  
AS REPORTED TO THE EPA (MBoe)
SCOPE 1 & SCOPE 2 LOCATION-BASED
GHG EMISSIONS (tonnes CO2e)
GROSS OPERATED PRODUCTION  
AS REPORTED TO THE EPA (MBoe)
How we calculate our GHG and methane emissions intensity rates
Our baseline recalculation methodology
INDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT
Note: Reporting years 2019, 2020 and 2021 have been updated to include an additional category of emissions that was not previously calculated and reported until 2022.
MILLION TONNES CO 2e
MILLION TONNES CO 2e
INTENSITY (TONNES CO2e PER MBoe)
INTENSITY (TONNES CO2e PER MBoe)
2019 RimRock 
Oil 
Acquisition 
Barnett  
Shale 
Divest
Wind River 
Basin 
Divest
2019 
Adjusted 
Baseline
2030
0 0.0 0.00
1 0.2 1.05
2
0.410
3
0.6
2.0
15
4
0.8
3.0
20
7 1.2
GHG Emissions Methane Emissions
20.37
50%
reduction by 2030 
(from 2019 baseline)
reduction by 2030 
(from 2019 baseline)
2030
65%
Felix
Energy 
Acquisition 
Validus 
Energy 
Acquisition 
5
6 25
2019 RimRock 
Oil 
Acquisition 
Barnett  
Shale 
Divest
Wind River 
Basin 
Divest
2019 
Adjusted 
Baseline
Felix 
Energy 
Acquisition 
Validus 
Energy 
Acquisition 
4.01.0
30 5.0
3.7922.04
2.82

21 
Flaring: Continuing reductions
Flaring of natural gas – a controlled ignition process for 
eliminating methane and VOC emissions – is necessary for 
safe operations in various phases of the oil and natural gas 
production process. Devon strives to avoid entirely the venting 
of raw gas and to limit flaring to the extent possible at all 
locations. Reducing flaring is a priority in our broader emissions 
reduction strategy because we want to protect the environment 
and capture as much natural gas as possible for its economic 
value, while also complying with laws, regulations and permits. 
We continually evaluate and optimize our facilities, including 
installing reliable pressure-relief valves to minimize tank releases 
and vapor recovery equipment to capture flash gas emissions and 
route them to a pipeline. Devon also uses “green completions” 
to capture produced natural gas following hydraulic fracturing. 
Where flaring is unavoidable, we install pilot monitoring 
equipment to help ensure the gas is properly combusted. 
By prioritizing flaring reductions and employing best practices, 
we have meaningfully improved our flaring performance 
across the company. 
For example, in 2019, the Cotton Draw field accounted for 
most of Devon’s flared gas volumes in our Delaware Basin 
operations of New Mexico. Upon investigation, we identified 
insufficient takeaway capacity or midstream constraints as the 
primary driver of flaring in the basin. To drive down these upset 
conditions, Devon took ownership of the associated midstream 
gas compression equipment. We made operational refinements, 
upgraded compressors, adjusted the flow rates of some wells 
and shut-in others. We also made a multi-year commitment to 
our Cotton Draw Midstream partnership, agreeing to contribute 
our existing gas gathering and compression infrastructure in 
an area of mutual interest. As a result, flared volumes in the 
Delaware Basin of New Mexico and Texas declined from about 
4% in 2019 to 0.4% in 2022.
After seeing significant performance improvement in late 2019 
and 2020, we continued making progress in meaningfully 
reducing our flared volumes in each of our operating areas 
in 2021 and 2022. We established a two-pronged approach 
to continue improving our flaring performance across the 
company – targeting a flaring intensity of 0.5% of gross natural 
gas produced by 2025 and eliminating routine flaring, as 
defined by the World Bank, by 2030. We plan to drive further 
improvements across our operating areas by continuing to 
employ best practices that have proven to be effective for 
reducing flared volumes and minimizing emissions. They include 
implementing a flare management program; continuous gas 
capture planning and collaboration with midstream partners; 
enhancing separation and compression reliability; choke 
management; pigging lines; and optimizing combustion. As a 
result, our company-wide flaring intensity improved from 2.2% 
in 2019 to 0.5% in 2022 – an improvement of nearly 80%. 
We’re also sharing our best practices with trade association 
partners because we believe it’s crucial that we work together 
to reduce flaring and air emissions across the industry. Devon 
is a founding member and current steering committee member 
of The Environmental Partnership, a voluntary coalition of oil 
and natural gas companies operating across the U.S. seeking 
to reduce air emissions. Devon chaired development of the 
partnership’s Flare Management Program launched in 2020. As 
part of the program, companies share best practices to reduce 
flaring, encourage beneficial use of associated gas, and improve 
flare reliability and efficiency when flaring does occur. 
Devon will continue to look at a broad spectrum of 
opportunities to reduce flaring and related emissions to 
not only meet our own targets, but continue improving 
performance across the industry.
Air Emissions  continued
Devon’s best practices for 
reducing flared volumes and 
minimizing emissions
   Flare management program
    Continuous gas capture planning and collaboration 
with midstream partners
   Enhancing separation and compression reliability
   Choke management
   Pigging lines
   Optimizing combustion
    Sharing best practices with our trade association 
partners to collectively reduce flaring and air 
emissions across the industry
Addressing our primary emissions sources
Our continuous improvement culture led Devon to develop a 
detailed understanding of where our emissions come from. This 
made it possible to address our air emissions at the primary 
sources through a variety of effective mitigation strategies:
    Reducing flaring across our entire portfolio of  
producing assets
    Expanding and enhancing our leak detection and repair 
program to find and fix equipment leaks 
    Transitioning to air-driven pneumatic controllers
    Cutting combustion from drilling, completions and 
production by increasing the use of engines powered by 
electricity and alternative fuels
    Minimizing venting and flaring from storage tanks
We evaluate emissions detection and quantification 
technologies on an ongoing basis and collaborate with industry, 
environmental groups and agency partners on emissions 
reduction strategies.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
   22% Flaring
   <1% Equipment Leaks 
   8% Pneumatic Devices 
   59% Combustion
   11% Storage Tanks 
   <1% Other
Flaring Intensity
(% of natural gas produced)
1.4% 0.9% 0.5%
2020 2021 2022
Since 2019
77%
2022 GHG Emissions by Source  
(Scope 1) (million tonnes CO2e)
 2.2%
2019 2020

Equipment leaks: Effectively reducing methane emissions 
over time
Methane emissions detection technologies are evolving 
rapidly and are a central component of Devon’s broader 
emissions reduction strategy.
Using optical gas imaging (OGI) cameras to detect leaks has 
been one of Devon’s primary emissions mitigation tactics 
since 2014. Our leak detection and repair (LDAR) program 
has been effective at finding equipment leaks from piping 
components and associated equipment and was a major 
contributor to achieving our first methane intensity target well 
ahead of schedule.
Environmental operators in each operating area focus 
primarily on conducting LDAR surveys at our sites and then 
making sure repairs are successful. We analyze the repair data 
to help us focus on reducing the number and frequency of 
leaks. If we pinpoint certain components or equipment that 
have repeat leaks, we consider replacing them on a field-wide 
basis. This approach led us to install thief hatches that have a 
lower leak rate and focus on specific equipment failures and 
settings. It also enabled us to improve flare maintenance and 
verify performance of vapor recovery units (VRU).
To help meet the regulatory requirements for LDAR 
inspections, our environmental and operations teams 
developed a mobile app to capture, enter, track and document 
LDAR survey findings. The app automatically syncs any 
needed repairs, all of which are required for compliance. This 
has resulted in a more efficient, consistent and systematic 
LDAR program.
We continue to learn from the LDAR data we collect and 
then refine best practices in facility design, equipment 
improvements and preventive maintenance to further reduce 
emissions from our facilities. For example, we conduct 
engineering and pre-startup reviews of facilities and take  
other steps to help verify design and proper installation of 
closed-vent systems and control devices.
To further reduce emissions from equipment leaks, we’re 
expanding and enhancing our LDAR program. In 2022, we 
continued building our program by:
    Surveying 93% of production facilities with OGI cameras 
at least once during the year (with some facilities surveyed 
more than once)
    Surveying 100% of production facilities with aircraft 
flyovers at least twice during the year, and
    Installing continuous emissions monitoring on 31% of our 
production
Devon has a cross-functional team that evaluates advanced 
methane detection technologies that have the potential to 
be effective at not only finding leaks more timely and over 
broader areas, but also assessing the magnitude of the leaks, 
allowing for faster detection, mitigation and quantification.  
We are investigating opportunities for advanced OGI, 
continuous on-site monitoring, and remote detection 
using facility flyovers and satellites. We are testing multiple 
continuous, near-continuous and non-continuous technologies 
at our emissions monitoring test facility in the Anadarko Basin 
to inform which innovative technologies are viable candidates 
for deployment. Some of these technologies are being 
incorporated more broadly across Devon’s operating areas. 
22 
Air Emissions  continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Through this technology assessment, we’ve acquired 
significant know-how and data that we are applying to our 
methane emissions reduction program. We’ve created a 
continuous monitoring dashboard, automated the work order 
process for repairing detected leaks and developed a methane 
monitoring interim standard operating procedure (SOP). Using 
lessons learned and applying best practices will amplify the 
impact of our methane emissions technology choices.
We will continue to monitor the rapid evolution of the 
technology solutions on the market and identify the most 
promising technologies to test and deploy across our 
operating areas. Ultimately, we’ll select the technologies with 
the best results that can help Devon reach our ambitious 
emissions reduction objectives and targets.

The Environmental Partnership: 
Collaborating to reduce emissions
Devon is a founding member and current steering 
committee member of The Environmental Partnership, 
a voluntary coalition of almost 100 oil and natural gas 
companies operating across the U.S. Formed in 2018, 
the partner companies commit to collaborating, learning 
about best practices and technologies, and taking action 
to improve the industry’s environmental performance.
Informed by EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
data, the partnership provides six environmental 
performance programs that companies can implement, 
including LDAR and replacing, removing or retrofitting 
high-bleed pneumatic controllers. Devon chaired the 
development of the flare management program, which 
expands on the initiative’s core mission to assist in 
minimizing flaring.
National Petroleum Council: 
Collaborating to reduce GHG 
emissions across the natural gas  
value chain
U.S. Energy Secretary, Jennifer M. Granholm, requested 
the National Petroleum Council undertake a study 
to define pathways and prioritize options for GHG 
emissions reduction across the U.S. natural gas value 
chain, placing particular emphasis on those having 
the potential to contribute to the achievement of the 
Global Methane Pledge and U.S. emissions reduction 
targets. Devon is participating in this important study 
that underscores the prominent role the U.S. oil and 
natural gas system must play in achieving the critical and 
interdependent goals of energy security, energy access 
and climate progress. We recognize the importance of 
industry and government working together to lower the 
carbon intensity of the energy system.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
At Devon, we value our partnerships with 
public and nonprofit entities as we pursue 
our goal to be a responsible operator. We 
count on strong partnerships to deliver on 
our commitments and contribute positively 
to the development of the communities 
where we operate, as well as share 
research and knowledge to help advance 
best practices in the energy sector.
23 
Pneumatic devices: Eliminating natural gas-driven devices
Eliminating gas-driven pneumatic devices is part of Devon’s 
strategy to reduce our air emissions. We replaced high-bleed 
natural gas pneumatic controllers on hundreds of well sites 
in Wyoming, Oklahoma, New Mexico and Texas, and we 
no longer use them on new wells. In the Delaware Basin, 
legacy Devon has installed air-driven pneumatic pumps and 
controllers at nearly all new facilities since early 2019. 
Combustion: Alternative fuels and power sources
Diesel motors powering drilling rigs and hydraulic fracturing 
operations can be a significant source of emissions. We’ve 
cut these emissions, reduced related noise and shrunk our 
operational footprint by replacing diesel-only engines with 
dual-fuel motors that run on diesel or compressed natural gas 
(CNG), liquefied natural gas (LNG), field gas or electricity. In 
2022, about 35% of wells were drilled with rigs running on 
dual-fuel or electricity. This avoided an estimated 17,075 metric 
tonnes of CO2 from 2.4 million gallons of diesel fuel.
Electrification will be a key part of our strategy to meet our 
net zero GHG emissions for Scopes 1 and 2 by 2050. We seek 
to plan effectively so we can get grid power to our locations 
before drilling rigs arrive. Devon is also looking to identify 
other types of equipment and practices we can power with 
electricity in the future to avoid using diesel fuel.
In the Delaware Basin, we’re piloting an effort to supplement 
highly dynamic power demand by bringing emissions-
reducing renewable energy and battery storage into our 
power supply. This effort involves integrating a behind-the-
meter 5-megawatt solar array into our operations near the 
Texas-New Mexico state line area. The array will produce 
power that displaces electricity that would have been 
purchased from the grid and delivered across state lines. 
Ultimately, we expect the data generated to help ensure 
the renewable energy is used efficiently, lowers costs and 
provides Devon a competitive advantage for future growth.
Storage tanks: Lowering venting and flaring
To reduce venting and flaring from oil and condensate storage 
tanks, we install vapor recovery towers (VRT) to maximize gas 
recovery and minimize the volume of tank vapors that need to 
be flared.
Devon standardized a low-emission storage tank design in the 
Delaware Basin following a successful pilot in 2021. The design 
further maximizes gas recovery and eliminates the need to 
flare tank vapors during normal operation. It also minimizes 
emissions through a reduction in the number of potential leak 
sources, as well as open thief hatches and other components 
that can lead to common equipment failures. We’re now 
expanding the low-emission storage tank design to all of our 
operations.
Air Emissions  continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
To achieve our ambitious emissions reduction goals, we 
continue to pursue a wide range of proactive strategies 
and tactics to mitigate GHG and methane emissions.
    Building out Delaware Basin midstream assets to alleviate 
capacity constraints that exacerbate flaring
    Expanding our LDAR program
    Evaluating and deploying emissions detection and 
quantification technologies
    Installing remote surveillance technologies
    Installing air-driven pneumatic pumps and controllers in our 
production operations
    Increasingly replacing diesel engines with dual-fuel or electric 
engines
    Integrating renewable energy and battery storage into our 
power supply in the Delaware Basin
    Joining industry-leading methane reporting frameworks, such 
as OGMP 2.0 and GTI Veritas
    Collaborating with industry, nonprofits and government agencies
    Improving our data precision and reporting methodologies

Water is an essential resource for the health, social 
and economic well-being of our communities, as well 
as for Devon’s operations. To be a good neighbor 
and an environmentally sound operator, Devon is 
committed to conserving freshwater and reusing 
water in our operations. 
We require reliable access to water used or produced in 
our drilling and completions operations, and the ability to 
safely dispose of it. Our water management strategy seeks 
to balance environmental, economic, operational and social 
needs, and to mitigate physical risks associated with regional 
water stress. We have a track record for water conservation 
that goes back to recycling water in the Barnett Shale in 
north Texas starting in 2004. Since then, we’ve collaborated 
with government, industry and community stakeholders to 
find innovative ways to conserve water in our drilling and 
completions activities across the company.
Every gallon of produced, non-potable or recycled-brackish 
water Devon uses in our operations reduces our consumption 
of freshwater. We work to identify and develop alternative 
sources of water for operational activities and have invested 
significant capital to reduce our reliance on freshwater. Using 
less freshwater also reduces the amount of water for disposal, 
saves money, creates efficiencies and improves our ability to 
respond if water availability or disposal capacity is constrained. 
To conserve, we strive to use water that is not suitable for 
drinking and other public uses and, wherever possible, we 
use recycled produced water in our drilling and production 
activities. We take these actions because they’re the right 
thing to do for the environment and our communities. 
Water Management
Conserve, reuse and recycle
Local approach to water management
Water supplies are limited in some of Devon’s operating areas. 
We conserve, reuse and recycle as much water as we can to 
mitigate the physical risks of water stress.
Water availability and disposal options are considerations 
in our enterprise risk management process and in our daily 
planning, along with other environmental, health and safety 
(EHS) risks. Devon’s EHS Council, ESG team and subject 
matter experts monitor laws, regulations and stakeholder 
concerns related to water and keep our leadership team well 
informed on our risks and opportunities.
Guided by our EHS Philosophy, we use economically 
and operationally feasible alternatives to freshwater. To 
execute a sustainable water management strategy, Devon 
follows the water principles of stakeholder engagement, 
water management planning, technology evaluation and 
deployment, and best practices development.
Our business unit leaders and subject matter experts  
oversee our local water management activities, based  
on their deep understanding of local water issues,  
challenges and opportunities. As part of our local  
approach to water management, our teams consider  
the availability and quality of water, local ecosystems,  
habitats, regulations and other factors. Devon’s water 
planning efforts also include evaluating the potential  
risks to our operations in each area, stakeholder needs  
and potential opportunities for our business. We update  
our water plans periodically to account for business needs 
and local environmental considerations.
To enhance our water management capabilities, Devon 
stays abreast of new technologies and best practices, often 
through collaboration. We’re an active participant in the 
New Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium and 
a founding member of the Energy Water Initiative. Devon 
continues to study, communicate and improve lifecycle water 
use and management together with other oil and natural gas 
companies that share our commitment to conservation.
As part of evaluating ways to diversify and complement our 
core business, we’re looking at opportunities for produced 
water management and beneficial reuse of produced water.
24 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
We’ve taken our water conservation 
commitment a step further by 
setting a public target to use 
90% or more non-freshwater for 
completions activities in our  
most active operating  
areas within the  
Delaware Basin.
Recycled Water Usage  
(million Bbl)
Devon has reused over 250 million barrels 
of water from our water treatment 
facilities since 2015.
>250
1 3 6
2015 2016 2017
22 34 37
2018 2019 2020
61 72
2021 2022

25 
Water Management  continued
Reducing fresh water use in the Delaware Basin
As the first company to recycle flowback and produced water 
in natural gas wells in north Texas, Devon is an industry 
pioneer in recycling. We became one of the leading recyclers 
of treated produced water in New Mexico and led the effort 
to establish state rules to encourage the practice. Our 
recycling efforts are now concentrated in the New Mexico 
Delaware Basin, where we have our highest level of activity 
and water scarcity is an issue.
Devon uses freshwater in the Delaware Basin only for 
blending and only when we don’t have sufficient sources 
of recycled and brackish water. 
Companywide, Devon’s total water consumption increased to 
126 million barrels in 2022, up 9% from 2022. However, our 
water reuse rate continues to increase. We used 72 million 
barrels of recycled water in our operations in 2022, up 18% 
from 61 million barrels in 2021 - meaning that 56% of the 
water we used in our drilling and completions operations was 
reused water. Since 2015, Devon has reused over 250 million 
barrels of water from our water treatment facilities.
Impoundment basins we built in the Delaware Basin to store 
reusable water are integral to our operations and to saving 
water. The basins are connected by a local pipeline network 
that reduces the need to haul water away by truck. Taking 
water trucks off the road has the added benefit of reducing 
emissions and traffic safety hazards.
In addition, we’re looking for ways to reuse produced water 
that we don’t need for our operations. Through the New 
Mexico Produced Water Research Consortium, we’re exploring 
beneficial reuse opportunities, including technologies to 
desalinate produced water for uses outside of the oil and gas 
industry. In cases where we produce more water than we can 
use, cost-effective desalination could make the water suitable 
for aquifer recharge and other beneficial uses. This would 
require development of the regulatory framework for reusing 
desalinated produced water, which is why we continue to 
work with stakeholders to find water conservation solutions in 
New Mexico.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Devon recognizes the importance of 
responsible water management in a 
world that faces drought conditions and 
water stress. Water is a local issue and 
Devon takes a local approach to water 
management, creating plans that consider 
water availability, quality, regulation and 
dependence on native ecosystems. We 
look for innovative water sources and 
methods to reduce usage. Through our 
Delaware Basin treatment facilities, we 
have reused over 250 million barrels of 
water since 2015. Devon is also exploring 
beneficial uses of produced water and 
technologies such as desalination to 
repurpose produced water for uses outside 
our industry — including potentially 
recharging aquifers.
2022 CDP Water 
Response
For more details on Devon’s 
water management program 
and water metrics
Devon continues to implement our water management 
strategy to achieve our goal of using 90% or more  
non-freshwater for completions activities in our most active 
operating areas in the Delaware Basin. To be a good neighbor, 
we’ll also keep exploring ways to conserve freshwater and 
increase our use of brackish, flowback and produced water in 
all of our operating areas.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
million barrels of recycled 
water used in 2022, an 
increase of 18% compared 
to 2021.72
2020 2021 2022
Delaware Basin      83    101    81 
Eagle Ford      5      3      20 
Anadarko Basin        1      11        15 
Powder River Basin      7      2        6 
Williston Basin      2      0     4
Total U.S.    98    116    126 
Total Water Usage by Operating Area  
(million Bbl)
Note: annual totals may not sum due to rounding.

26 
Devon is committed to leaving our work locations  
in the same or better condition than we found 
them by being good stewards of the land, wildlife 
and habitat. To protect biodiversity, we work to 
minimize our operational footprint and impacts 
to the landscape, wildlife and their habitats, and 
cultural and historical resources. We believe that our 
commitment to land conservation and biodiversity 
will foster strong relationships with government 
agencies, nongovernmental organizations, academia 
and other stakeholders.
We operate in prairies, grasslands, deserts and forested areas, 
and on federal, state, tribal and private lands. To preserve our 
shared landscapes for future generations, Devon’s priority is  
to disrupt the land as little as possible and mitigate any 
impacts throughout the oil and gas production lifecycle.  
We also engage in activities to reclaim the lands we’ve 
disturbed when our work is complete. 
Land Conservation and Biodiversity
Preserving our shared landscapes
In addition to operational impacts, the direct drivers of the 
loss of biodiversity value associated with our operations 
include climate change, land use changes, pollution of the 
environment and the spread of invasive species. All of these 
drivers play a role in reducing the availability of suitable 
habitat for native species, and impact the richness and 
diversity of native species. Devon takes steps to mitigate 
these risks through our land conservation and biodiversity 
practices that address impacts to species richness and 
diversity, including habitat degradation and destruction 
associated with land use changes, and impacts of invasive 
species. Our Climate Change and Air Emissions sections 
address the broader climate change driver of habitat suitability 
and biodiversity loss. Additionally, preventing environmental 
pollution is addressed in our Waste Management and Spill 
Prevention sections.
Devon’s Biodiversity Council develops and implements 
enterprise-wide standards that avoid, minimize or mitigate 
our ecological impact, and looks for opportunities to enhance 
biodiversity value of Devon-owned surface lands. The council 
and our biodiversity team work with our business units to 
integrate biodiversity improvements into our ongoing and 
future operations. 
Devon’s enterprise-wide Reclamation Standard that 
establishes minimum success criteria for all reclamation 
work went into effect in mid-2022. We track and assess our 
reclamation results with the goal of increasing native species 
diversity and richness in areas we once disturbed. In 2022, 
Devon reclaimed 87 well pad/access road locations occupying 
299 acres across the enterprise. Of those locations, 18 sites 
occupying 96 acres met the requirements of the standard.
Assessing the environment  
to avoid impacts 
Devon’s ecology experts complete an environmental 
assessment before we build a well pad to identify potential 
impacts to:
    Wetlands, streams and other waterbodies,  
including waters of the U.S.
    Protected species and their associated  
suitable habitat
   Public receptors
   Nearby floodplains
   Environmentally sensitive receptors
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Additionally, Devon continues to pilot a project to determine 
the feasibility of conserving an acre of land for every acre 
of well pad and access road disturbance caused by Devon 
operations. As part of this effort, we’re assessing the potential 
of some Devon-owned surface lands for use in mitigating 
disturbance, and for opportunities to preserve, restore or 
enhance biodiversity value. 
Assessing potential impacts up front
Devon’s Pre-Construction Environmental Protocol requires us 
to identify potential issues up front. Biodiversity management 
is integrated into our process for selecting the placement 
of our well pads, access roads and pipeline corridors. We 
start by completing a desktop environmental assessment 
in an area where we’ve staked out a well pad location. If we 
identify potential environmental impacts during the desktop 
review, we then conduct field surveys to facilitate our strategy 
to avoid, minimize and/or mitigate. These environmental 
assessments help identify sensitive environmental areas, such 
as threatened and endangered species habitats, wetlands and 
water bodies.
Newly listed Threatened and/or Endangered species can impact 
our operations, especially where a federal nexus exists related 
to the Endangered Species Act. Devon believes it’s important 
to identify petitioned species listing early in a project for 
several reasons. First, early impact assessments can enhance 
our operational flexibility. Second, if we can timely address 
species listings, we can facilitate research that creates best 
available scientific data for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service 
(USFWS) to use in its listing decision. In 2022, the Devon IT 
team assigned to the Biodiversity Core Committee developed a 
system for early identification of potentially impactful petitions 
so they can be referred to our ecological staff for assessment. 
In 2023, we plan to explore funding of ecological research for 
select petitioned species to help provide robust best available 
scientific data for the USFWS to use in its listing decisions.
Reclamation success criteria
For a Devon location to be considered “reclaimed,” it must meet our minimum success criteria, including:  
    Preparing each location to facilitate native species seeding and limit erosion and sedimentation.
    Establishing vegetation on a location to at least 70% of background areal coverage.
    Seeding/planting to establish 60% native species areal coverage.
Our ecological experts track the progress of each reclamation and are responsible for determining when  
a location has met the minimum success criteria.
RECLAMATION STANDARD

27 
Land Conservation and Biodiversity continued
In Wyoming’s Powder River Basin, Devon has contracted 
wildlife biologists to conduct annual spring surveys for 
the multiple species of raptors that build their nests and 
raise their young in the areas that we operate. Devon 
environmental and planning professionals use the year-over-
year information regarding nesting activity and history to 
inform well pad and access road placement. We regularly 
move well sites and access 
roads to avoid impacts to 
raptor nests and use the 
nesting history to help us 
plan our drill schedules to 
avoid activity in sensitive 
nesting areas during the 
spring months.
Collaborative conservation efforts
Protecting the land involves building relationships with 
landowners, neighbors, industry groups, and state and federal 
agencies such as the U.S. Bureau of Land Management 
(BLM). Working with the BLM wildlife department in the 
New Mexico Delaware Basin, we created more permanent, 
quality nesting areas to further protect several species of 
birds and raptors in our areas of planned activity. Additionally, 
we worked with Cooks Branch Conservancy in Montgomery 
County, Texas, to waive our surface rights for development 
of oil and gas resources. In releasing our rights, we effectively 
protected the lands so that they could be added to the Cook’s 
Branch Conservancy, a native pine forest and home to the 
endangered red-cockaded woodpecker, among other species. 
We’re assessing other projects that would restore or enhance 
the biodiversity value of Devon-owned surface lands in Texas 
and Oklahoma. 
Land stewardship projects
We’ve shared our love of the land with college students as a 
sponsor of the Wyoming Conservation Corps (WCC) and its 
hands-on land stewardship projects since 2007. The students 
spend ten days doing work that the BLM considers necessary 
but lacks the funds to complete, such as removing and rebuilding 
fencing, removing invasive vegetation and maintaining trails. 
Devon hosted our traditional volunteer day for students in 2022 
with the Casper BLM office and will complete a WCC project 
with the Buffalo BLM Field Office in 2023.
 
Through a BLM partnership, Devon restored thousands 
of acres of land in the Wyoming Powder River Basin. We 
completed this program to plug and reclaim 370 idle coalbed 
methane natural gas wells and reclaim nearby roads in 2021. In 
2022, we continued reclaiming structures related to coal bed 
methane wells, including two freshwater reservoirs. We intend 
to complete those reclamation projects in 2023 in accordance 
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Oil and gas development inherently 
requires consideration of the land at the 
surface level, and we aim to be responsible 
stewards of the prairies, grasslands, 
deserts and forested areas where we 
operate. Devon seeks to avoid or minimize 
ecosystem disturbances by completing 
multi-dimension, pre-construction 
environmental impact assessments; by 
applying our own avoid-minimize-mitigate 
strategy to limit direct habitat impact 
and fragmentation; and by initiating and 
supporting local conservation projects. 
Working on indigenous lands
Nearly all of our operations in North Dakota’s Williston Basin are 
located on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation that is home to 
the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara (MHA) Nation, also known as 
the Three Affiliated Tribes. 
Ongoing collaboration and mutual respect for people and the 
environment is our responsibility as a prudent operator and the 
largest lessee of minerals owned by the MHA Nation. Devon 
incorporates representatives of the Three Affiliated Tribes 
into the planning process for our new pads and associated 
infrastructure. We avoid impact to archeological sites and 
traditional cultural properties, and we mitigate impact to 
sensitive wildlife habitat. 
Our development plans for drilling sites and pipeline rights-of-
way in our Williston, Powder River and Delaware Basin operations 
often must comply with the National Environmental Policy Act 
(NEPA) and the National Historic Preservation Act (NHPA) 
because they are subject to review, comment and approval by the 
BLM and/or the Bureau of Indian Affairs.
Devon engages third-party archeologists to identify cultural 
sites that may be eligible for the National Register of Historic 
Places and coordinate with Tribal Historic Preservation 
Offices to identify Traditional Cultural Properties. We avoid 
development on these sites. In North Dakota,  archeologists 
monitor our sites during construction for previously unknown 
cultural resources unearthed by construction activities, and 
none have been found to date. We believe this is the result of  
the precautions we take in the early stages of our projects. 
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Ferruginous hawk (Buteo regalis)
with Devon’s Reclamation Standard. Devon continues to reach 
out to the BLM to help them plant trees, clean up trash and 
take on other land stewardship projects on federal lands.
The Public Lands Foundation recognized our leadership 
and vision with its Landscape Stewardship Certificate of 
Appreciation in 2019, making Devon the only oil and gas 
company to receive the award.

28 
Being an environmentally sound company requires 
responsibly handling the waste generated in our 
operations and offices. All Devon employees and 
contractors are responsible for managing waste,  
and we encourage them to minimize the waste  
they create, and reuse and recycle materials 
whenever possible.
Our work can generate waste designated as hazardous and 
non-hazardous from our drilling and production operations, 
as well as paper, packaging, bottles and other office waste. 
Devon maintains waste management plans in our operating 
areas to help ensure compliance with all applicable regulations 
and our own corporate policies.
Devon’s waste management protocol clearly defines roles 
and responsibilities for our waste handling, shipping, disposal, 
training and minimization programs. We hold contractors 
responsible for managing the waste they generate and 
for complying with all applicable state and federal waste 
regulations.
Waste Management
Responsible handling and disposal
For chemicals and other materials used or stored in our 
workplace, Safety Data Sheets (SDS) summarizing hazard 
information and disposal considerations are readily available. 
To reinforce our commitment to compliance, Devon employees 
and contractors receive job-specific training for waste 
management and chemicals used or stored in the workplace.
Oil and gas operations sometimes encounter waste containing 
naturally occurring radioactive material (NORM). Devon’s 
NORM protocol helps us manage the material responsibly 
and within regulatory requirements. The protocol establishes 
conditions to address health and safety considerations of 
our employees, contractors and the environment, including 
guidelines to reduce potential exposure to NORM.
Devon provides NORM awareness training for any employee 
who works at a facility where NORM is present and specific 
training for employees who encounter NORM in the course of 
their work. We also provide radiation safety officer training for 
employees who take on the additional responsibilities of that 
role. Radiation safety officers provide technical resources and 
tools to maintain regulatory compliance.
Devon radiation safety officers conduct NORM surveys to ensure regulatory compliance.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting

Remote monitoring is enhancing 
environmental performance
We have installed remote surveillance capabilities at 
hundreds of facilities across our operating areas that 
are helping to improve our environmental performance. 
High-definition cameras, infrared sensors and our 
SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) system 
allow us to remotely monitor our well pads and some 
saltwater disposal facilities. With real-time, higher-
quality data and imagery, we can proactively identify 
issues with flares and other equipment before they 
become problems. For example, we can identify a minor 
leak and dispatch responders before it becomes a larger 
spill. Our staff can also perform a remote shutdown to 
stop an identified spill until responders arrive onsite to 
address it. In addition, these technologies reduce vehicle-
related emissions and safety risk for our workforce by 
allowing us to monitor operations without people going 
to the locations every day.
29 
Each year, Devon handles millions of barrels of 
fluids. Keeping oil, produced water, recycled 
water and other materials properly contained is a 
guiding principle of our Environmental, Health and 
Safety (EHS) Philosophy. We take a comprehensive 
approach to preventing, responding to and 
remediating spills from our equipment and facilities. 
Devon sets an annual corporate goal for reducing 
our spill rate that keeps us focused on preventive 
measures and best practices.
Proactive steps
Our environmental management program includes a Spill 
Prevention Countermeasures and Control (SPCC) protocol 
that drives compliance with the U.S. Environmental Protection 
Agency (EPA) SPCC Rule and other environmental rules 
and regulations. The protocol details the responsibilities, 
equipment, procedures and steps to prevent, control and 
provide adequate countermeasures to an unplanned discharge. 
It also specifies the training required for all personnel in 
designing, building and operating oil-handling or storage 
equipment, including an annual spill response training exercise 
and briefing. Devon requires our contractors to meet or 
exceed the standards in our SPCC protocol.
We make every employee and contractor aware of their 
responsibility to prevent spills by immediately reporting near 
misses, such as a storage tank approaching full volume or 
signs of wear that may result in a leak. We respond to near 
misses and make any necessary adjustments to prevent spills. 
Spill Prevention
Comprehensive approach to protecting the land
Devon uses appropriate tools and techniques to minimize and 
contain discharges from our equipment and facilities. Our spill 
prevention measures at facilities with storage tanks include 
secondary containment, “nearly full” alarms on tanks and offsite 
monitoring equipment that can shut in facilities remotely. 
At our produced water recycling facilities, Devon installs 
temporary storage reservoirs designed to minimize the risk  
of overflow from rain. The reservoirs are double-lined and 
sloped to direct any water that may penetrate the first 
liner to a sump pump. Any reservoir where we temporarily 
store water, including saltwater disposal sites, is lined for 
environmental protection.
To protect the environment and help ensure safety when 
using oil-based fluids to drill wells, we employ a closed-loop 
system that is considered an industry best practice. We 
comply with the U.S. EPA SPCC Rule by keeping plans at 
drilling locations to minimize the impact of spills. Devon also 
follows local, state and federal guidelines when handling 
drilling fluid and mud systems.
When a spill does occur, we remediate, investigate the cause 
and take corrective action to prevent recurrence. Devon 
often performs in-situ remediation using naturally occurring 
microorganisms to remediate and restore impacted soils 
when feasible. This method also reduces the likelihood of 
introducing invasive weeds and plants to the area. In-situ 
remediation has other advantages, as well: It reduces truck 
traffic because it generally doesn’t require heavy machinery, 
and it reduces our overall operational waste footprint by 
eliminating the need to send impacted soil to landfills.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Environment        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Measuring performance
Devon has a robust EHS incident management system 
for reporting and tracking spills. We require reporting of 
unintentional releases of oil, produced water, chemicals and 
any other material associated with our operations. Spills and 
near misses are tracked by the total company and business 
unit, which enables business units to analyze their spill 
performance and find ways to improve. 
Devon’s lost-spill rate is based on the volumes of produced oil, 
produced water and recycled water handled in our operations. 
We believe that measuring our spill rate based on the total 
amount of fluids we manage in our operations gives us the 
best view of our performance and allows us to better manage 
our spill prevention procedures. 
To drive continuous improvement, Devon sets an annual 
corporate target for our spill rate and includes it in our  
annual performance bonus calculation. In 2022, we did not 
meet our spill rate reduction goal. We formed spill focus teams 
within each business unit to further evaluate root causes and 
trends. Our go-forward mitigations include flying additional 
pipeline rights-of-way to find leaks and enhancing asset 
integrity, installing secondary containment around pressurized 
vessels and conducting preventive maintenance on transfer 
pumps in the Delaware Basin. To be good stewards of the land 
and deliver strong environmental performance, we continue 
working to prevent spills in our operations.

30 
Keeping our people, communities, 
assets and the environment safe
This section of our 2023  
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 31 
Workforce Safety 32 
Cybersecurity 37 
Emergency Preparedness 39 
Resource Links:      
       Environmental, Health and  
Safety (EHS) Philosophy
      Contractor safety requirements
      Safety Data Sheets (SDS)
      Emergency Preparedness Protocol
       
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Safety & Security

Overview
31 
At Devon, providing a safe and healthy workplace and being ready to respond to emergencies is 
not just our responsibility, it’s how we show we care about our workforce, their families and our 
communities. We believe our operational success depends on their safety and health, as well as on  
our ability to protect our technology advantage and infrastructure, our assets and the environment.
Taking Action
We prepare our people to work safely with comprehensive orientation and training, on-the-job guidance and tools, safety engagements, 
recognition and other resources. Employees and contractors are accountable for stopping at-risk work, immediately reporting incidents and 
near-miss events, and informing visitors of emergency alarms and evacuation plans. Devon uses proven best practices, technologies, tools 
and materials throughout our operations to safeguard the people working at our worksites and neighbors nearby.
To maintain business continuity, Devon follows federal government guidelines and industry best practices for effective cybersecurity and 
emergency management. We work continuously to prevent disruptions and provide training and drills, so our employees are prepared and 
ready to respond to a wide variety of issues.
SAFETY AND CONTRACTOR MANAGEMENT
    Held our first Hearts & Mind workshops in Spanish to share our safety 
culture with a broader set of our contractors.
    Took steps to identify and retain contractors who meet our high  
EHS standards and comply with our requirements.
    Introduced an ESG module in our Veriforce contractor compliance 
questionnaire to gauge our contractors’ alignment with  
our ESG priorities.
    Strengthened our comprehensive third-party audit program aimed at 
safeguarding our entire rig fleet by initiating unannounced audits. 
CYBERSECURITY AND EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS
    Held incident management training and discussion-based response 
exercises in all field operating areas and with corporate employees.
    Built on our cybersecurity disaster recovery capabilities with field and 
business unit exercises and security training.
DEVON’S GOALS
    Recorded SIF events at a rate of 0.05 per 200,000 employee hours 
worked, which was a 29% improvement over our 2021 rate and our goal 
for the year.
    Set 2023 corporate safety goals that account for 60% of the company’s 
ESG goal or 9% of the overall corporate scorecard.
Decent Work and Economic Growth 
page 34
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDG).   
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action plan  
for organizations seeking to provide affordable  
energy, produced responsibly to protect the 
environment, while also promoting peace and  
prosperity for all people. We have identified a  
variety of Devon’s business activities that align  
with the U.N. SDGs. In the Safety & Security section,  
look for: 
2020 2021 2022
Fatalities (Employee + Contractor workforce) 2 0 1
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.43 0.50 0.53
TRIR - Employee 0.36 0.58 0.56
TRIR - Contractor 0.44 0.48 0.53
Serious Incident and Fatality (SIF) Recordable Rate   (Employee + Contractor) 0.11 0.07 0.05
Days Away Restricted Transfer (DART) Incident Rate (Employee + Contractor) 0.20 0.33 0.35
DART Incident Rate - Employee 0.24 0.34 0.17
DART Incident Rate - Contractor 0.19 0.32 0.37
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.12 0.19 0.15
LTIR - Employee 0.16 0.29 0.11
LTIR - Contractor 0.11 0.17 0.16
Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (per million miles) 1.19 2.37 1.96
Employee Hours (million) 5.0 4.2 3.6
Contractor Hours (million) 24.8 22.8 26.9
Safety Performance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security

Every leader, employee and contractor at Devon is 
expected to actively participate in making Devon a 
safe place to work. Our values guide us to do what’s 
right, manage risk, stop work, and support and 
empower each other to stay safe. We empower our 
team by providing comprehensive resources to help 
them work safely and measuring leading and lagging 
indicators to drive improvement. Setting corporate 
safety goals and incorporating safety metrics into 
our compensation focuses everyone at Devon on the 
actions that will make us safer.
We’re committed to integrating the guiding principles in 
our Environmental, Health and Safety (EHS) Philosophy into 
all decisions that affect our operations. Compliance with 
applicable safety laws, regulations, policies and protocols 
is one of these principles, and we reinforce it in our Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics, EHS Policy and safety 
orientation, training and engagements. 
Our governance structure supports Devon’s commitment to 
making safety our top priority. The Governance, Environmental, 
and Public Policy (GEPP) Committee of our board of directors 
reviews our safety performance and keeps the full board 
informed. Devon’s executive vice president and chief operating 
officer (COO) is responsible for our safety performance. 
Our vice president of environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) and EHS reports to the COO on ESG and EHS strategy, 
activities and disclosures.
Devon senior leaders oversee safety policy and performance, 
with support from the EHS Council, and the ESG Committee 
supports management’s commitment to safety and health.  
In turn, our workforce is empowered to take the necessary  
time and actions to perform work safely and stop work  
if they see a safety risk.
Setting safety and health strategy
To drive continuous improvement, the Devon EHS Council sets 
safety and health strategy and helps ensure implementation. To 
enhance our strategy and alignment, we’ve steadily expanded 
council membership to include EHS, ESG, operations, business 
unit and facility managers. The council meets regularly to 
monitor performance, share lessons learned and engage in 
roundtable discussions to keep the organization updated on 
stakeholder expectations for EHS performance.
In 2022, the council played a critical role in identifying and 
advancing safety priorities following the acquisitions of 
RimRock and Validus. The council placed importance on 
competency and critical task training and development of 
both new and existing team members to ensure alignment 
with our Life Saving Rules (previously referred to as our SIF 
Preventers). Another critical role of the council is to provide 
approval on merged protocols associated with our Life Saving 
Rules so that our operational team members receive the most 
current training. Integration of legacy company data, EHS 
protocols and training is continuing in 2023.
In addition to tracking Devon safety performance, council 
members proactively engage with peer companies in 
our operating basins to improve company and industry 
performance in safety, public policy, the environment and 
other key areas. Devon safety leaders led a peer company 
strategic roundtable in the Permian Basin in August 2022 to 
collaboratively identify trends and best practices for operating 
responsibly. Our field professionals were encouraged to 
initiate conversations with their counterparts on SIF incidents 
and other safety trends to improve safety performance across 
the industry.
Workforce Safety
32 
Strengthening our culture and relationships
   Leadership, Culture and Accountability
   Contractor Management
   Event Management and Investigation
   Environmental, Social and Governance
   Hazard Analysis and Risk Management
    Training and Competency
   Goals and Objectives
   Emergency Management
   Safety Audit
   Asset Integrity
   Environmental Management
   Records and Documentation
   Safe Work Practices
   EHS Management System Review
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
EHS Management System
Our EHS Management System, developed by the 
EHS Council, guides us in identifying concrete steps 
and effective programs to continuously improve in 
14 key elements of performance:
As a member of API, we support its program 
committed to accelerating the industry’s safety and 
environmental progress, and analyzed the maturity 
of our internal program and practices against the 13 
elements of the API Energy Excellence Framework. 
We’re aligning with the Energy Excellence elements, 
with a prioirity on advancing our progress on the 
asset integrity and safe work practices elements  
in 2023.
Refine our contractor 
management plan to improve 
operational transparency for 
vendor utilization 
Train persons in charge (PIC) 
in production operations on 
identified critical tasks
Expand Hearts and Minds 
workshop in the Delaware 
Basin and for Spanish-
speaking contractors
Roll out and reinforce 
Life Saving Rules, with a 
particular focus on mental 
and physical wellness
OUR 2023  
HEALTH  
AND SAFETY  
FOCUS AREAS

Building on our positive EHS culture
Encouraging a strong EHS culture at Devon is an ongoing 
priority for the EHS Council and the broader organization. We 
believe that the care and concern we show our workforce can 
have a positive impact on their safety and health at work and 
at home. We’ve learned from our field leaders that transparent 
communications, positive safety behaviors, proactive reporting 
and safely meeting operational goals are both signs and 
outcomes of a healthy EHS culture. The council assesses our 
EHS culture regularly to identify the most effective approaches 
and programs to foster strong safety performance.
We begin instilling our safety culture on an employee’s first 
day on the job. During new-hire orientation, they learn the 
safety behaviors we expect and incorporate into the employee 
appraisal process: visible commitment, accountability, 
anticipation, participation, recognition and communication. 
We keep the safety conversation and engagement going 
throughout their career.
Job competency is one of our EHS guiding principles, and we 
emphasize the quality of safety training over the quantity. 
A combination of online and hands-on training is offered to 
office and field workers based on their job responsibilities. All 
employees and contractors must complete our field safety 
briefing if they work on or visit field locations. Contractors 
also must complete our Devon Orientation through Veriforce, 
our third-party contractor performance network. Our training 
reinforces our requirement to immediately report any incident 
or near-miss event and to be accountable for our own and 
others’ safety.
Participant feedback from our Hearts and  
Minds workshops
Workforce Safety  continued
33 
The people working closest to the wellhead play a critical 
role in shaping our EHS culture. To actively seek their input, 
three production field offices (Gillette, Wyoming, Killdeer, 
North Dakota, and Carlsbad, New Mexico) formed field 
safety committees. These committees comprise operators, 
technicians, optimizers and other field personnel. They meet 
monthly to discuss issues and concerns from the field and make 
recommendations for improvement. Some examples include: 
replacing pneumatic actuated dumps with electric actuated 
dumps in treater buildings to reduce lower explosive limit (LEL) 
levels, installing platforms and laddering at locations with rod 
pump units to provide fall protection systems for operators, 
and developing additional Job Hazard Analyses (JHA) for higher 
risk activities.
To foster our positive EHS culture and behaviors, our Safe 
Work Award Program (SWAP) recognizes and rewards 
proactive reporting for employees and contractors who go 
beyond minimum EHS requirements. Through SWAP, each 
business unit can present up to three employees per month 
with a $200 recognition award. Business units are also allotted 
$1,500 per quarter to recognize the best near miss, good catch 
or hazard identification. In addition, our drilling, completions 
and workover teams also recognize good stops by our 
contractors each month across all our operating areas. In 2022, 
we recognized more than 300 employees and contractors.
Engaging our workforce
Our Hearts and Minds workshops have been a core element 
of our safety engagement efforts with service, rig and contract 
drilling crews and leaders across Devon since 2014. During 
the workshops, we share our safety culture and approach to 
effective communication, continuous improvement, integrity 
and situational awareness to reduce safety risk.
We adapt the content to meet the needs of our workforce 
and business. In recent years, this led us to initiate honest 
discussions about mental health and tools to address mental 
health issues, including Devon’s Employee Assistance Program, 
and suicide prevention and crisis hotline information. Hearts 
and Minds continues to be a place to talk openly about 
challenges and listen to our workforce as we drive home why 
safety is so important to Devon.
Our operations team in the Delaware Basin held its first Hearts 
and Minds workshop in Spanish for leaders of select contractor 
organizations in 2022. Based on the positive feedback, the 
business unit is conducting additional Spanish-language 
workshops in 2023. To reach and engage even more people, 
the Delaware Basin team is also piloting Hearts and Minds 
workshops for other types of service providers, targeting those 
with highest risk/highest exposure.
Stop Work Responsibility
Proactively managing safety risks is a key factor in maintaining 
safe working conditions. Starting with new-hire safety 
orientation and continuing on our work sites, we emphasize 
the importance of Stop Work Responsibility. Employees have 
the right, responsibility and obligation to speak up and stop 
any action, task or behavior that is or could be unsafe. It’s also 
a way we live our value of courage, and Devon pledges to 
support anyone who exercises their Stop Work Responsibility. 
We capture and track proactive stops and good catches, 
and recognize individuals for stopping work to safeguard 
themselves, each other and the environment.
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
“ I love this program!  It has helped open 
my mind and change the way I think.”
“ It definitely helps you remember the  
true reasons of why we do what we do 
for our families.”
“ Coming to this class changed my mindset, 
not just ‘work life’. It turns personal and 
taking info back to the ‘home life.’”
1-844-310-3439
We back up our pledge to support anyone who 
exercises their Stop Work Responsibility. The 
EHS Hotline (1-844-310-3439) is available for any 
individual who tried to stop work but felt they  
were not supported.
RESPONSIBILITYRESPONSIBILITY
TO

Wellness/Fit for 
Duty
Fall Protection 
Hot Work 
Energy Isolation
Mechanical Lifting 
and Rigging
Electrical Safety
Ground  
Disturbance
Hydrogen Sulfide 
(H2S)
Journey 
Management
Confined Space 
Entry
34 
Contractor partnerships
The contract partners who provide work in the field are vital 
to safe, environmentally responsible and efficient operations, 
and building relationships with them to succeed as one team 
is a Devon value. We seek to work with contractors who have 
the strongest safety programs and track records, and we strive 
to work only with approved contractors who complete our 
supplier qualification process and meet our substantial policy 
and insurance requirements. Contractors are responsible for 
having EHS programs that meet or exceed all federal, state and 
local laws, rules and regulations, as well as Devon’s standards 
and protocols for essential safety activities. 
We use Veriforce for third-party contractor verification and 
management. Our Veriforce dashboard allows us to monitor 
a contractor’s compliance with our EHS, insurance, OSHA 
verification, ESG and other requirements, and enables 
contractors to upload needed documentation. In addition, 
we use a separate third-party service to monitor contractors’ 
compliance with our drug and alcohol policy. 
We require contractors to perform high-quality, safe and 
environmentally sound work. Contractors are expected to 
provide and retain quality personnel who are adequately 
trained to perform their jobs safely, and we work constantly 
to raise the level of contractor safety performance through 
training and engagement. 
Contractors must complete the widely used SafeLand, RigPass 
or equivalent safety training to work with Devon, unless 
specifically exempted by our EHS Contractor Management 
practice. These programs and Devon’s contractor safety 
orientation are available on the Veriforce eLearning platform. 
Our field orientation reviews critical safety rules for specific 
activities performed on field locations, such as fall protection, 
confined space, hot work, energy isolation, spill prevention 
and waste management, among others. Oil haulers and all 
other contractors who work in transportation must complete 
safety briefings specific to their work. Devon’s company 
website provides contractors with easy access to our safety 
requirements, expectations, protocols, Safety Data Sheets 
(SDS), forms and tools. 
Workforce Safety  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Before starting work, crews 
participate in pre-task tailgate 
meetings to proactively manage 
risk and raise awareness of the 
potential risks and exposures, 
required personal protective 
equipment (PPE) and other 
aspects of the job.
Because We Care
Life Saving Rules for permitted work are essential to safety management and our safety culture at Devon. To keep them 
front and center, our Because We Care initiative reminds employees and contractors to meet extra conditions for work 
that requires a permit. Because We Care works in tandem with convenient access to mental health resources to help our 
employees be fit for duty, both mentally and physically, when they arrive for work at a well site, maintenance facility, 
office or other location. We purposefully listed “Wellness/Fit for Duty” as our first Life Saving Rule to highlight the 
importance we recognize total wellness, mind and body, plays in our ability to safely perform work.
LIFE SAVING RULES:
United Nations member states adopted 17 Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Devon works to promote a safe and secure working environment for all employees and contractors, from office staff to 
field workers. Our mission is to enable the health, safety and productivity of all persons involved in Devon operations by 
encouraging an EHS-centered culture. We provide training and tools, swiftly and thoroughly investigate incidents and 
near-miss events, crowd-source insights, apply new learnings and pledge to support anyone who stops work for any kind 
of perceived threat to safety.

Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Workforce Safety  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Leadership engagements in the field can have a positive 
impact on our workforce, safety performance and operational 
excellence. Our field personnel wear hard hat stickers that say 
“Ask me my reason for working safely” to encourage safety-
related engagements. The conversations that result often 
reveal that people work safely so they can return home to  
their family and friends — a higher motivation than simply 
following procedures. 
To continue building relationships with contractors, in 2022 
our field safety professionals worked with each of our business 
units to select contract companies to audit with the goal of 
identifying opportunities for EHS performance improvement. 
They reviewed contractor EHS programs, made field visits and 
interviewed contractor crews to ensure their understanding 
and alignment of these programs. If issues were found, 
they developed action plans to help bring contractors up to 
standard. These audits helped us strengthen our contractor 
partnerships, so we’re continuing them in 2023. 
Starting in 2023, Devon contractors who perform work on 
our locations will complete annual Veriforce modules covering 
their performance in key ESG areas. We set a long-term goal 
to collect and analyze the data each year to better understand 
how contractors align with our core ESG priorities and 
encourage constructive engagements with contractors who 
perform services directly on our work sites. Ultimately, we 
believe this will enhance our supplier relationships.
Rig fleet safety audit 
To help ensure we provide safe workplaces, Devon engages a 
well-respected third party to audit our rig fleet. The thorough 
process inspects over 700 line items in every area of each rig 
and the equipment used daily to safely drill wells. In 2022, we 
started performing unannounced audits to get a truer picture 
of day-to-day operations. Across all 25 rigs in our drilling fleet, 
the majority of findings in 2022 were low risk, zero life-critical 
findings. Audit findings are shared with our drilling leadership 
team to help them create a safer work environment for our 
contractors. We’re working to analyze audit data and identify 
trends to determine where to focus our safety efforts.
In addition to comprehensive annual rig inspections, we 
maintain the onsite presence of a person in charge (PIC) and 
safety coach at each rig to reinforce our safety culture. Devon 
EHS coaches conduct periodic audits on our locations as we 
keep exploring ways to attain the safest and most hazard-free 
work areas possible.
35 
Auditing field and process compliance
Audits to identify and correct safety concerns are an 
element of Devon’s EHS Management System. Each business 
unit is required to perform an annual safety self-audit of 
compliance with regulations and our EHS protocols. Findings of 
noncompliance and suggestions for improvement are recorded 
in our Incident Management System (IMS) and tracked to 
closure. Business unit EHS professionals lead the audits, with 
guest auditors from other business units on hand to share best 
practices and lessons learned.
More than half of the audit time is spent at field locations, 
focusing on sites where work is under way so auditors can 
engage employees and contractors. Auditors also check 
training, competency and inspection records and other 
documentation. We share trends observed and lessons learned 
during audits across the company to drive improvement.
Devon’s internal audit team provides an additional layer of 
review by performing operational audits in our field offices to 
examine processes and controls for supply chain, inventory, 
fleet management and other functions. Internal audit also 
periodically assesses the field audit process and recommends 
improvement opportunities. For example, Devon internal 
auditors suggested including guest auditors in business unit 
audits to provide an independent voice.
Audits also led to streamlining to one toll-free number for 
ethics, EHS and other issues across all Devon locations. 
Over time, the corrective actions we complete to address 
audit findings can lead to safety, operational and process 
improvements.

36 
Driving improvement
Devon sets corporate safety goals every year to focus our 
efforts to improve performance. We want to prevent SIFs and 
all injuries and incidents so our employees and contractors can 
return home safely every day. 
We achieved our corporate safety goals in 2022 by reducing 
our SIF event rate (for employees + contractors) to 0.05 per
200,000 hours worked, which was lower than our 0.07 rate in 
2021. However, the year was marked by one contractor fatality 
deeply affecting families, loved ones and coworkers. Keeping 
our people safe is not only our most important job, but also a 
job that is never done. We place special emphasis on the SIF 
rate because we want to prevent life-threatening and life-
altering incidents, and to understand high-risk near misses to 
help us improve.
SIF investigations are led by each business unit and reviewed 
and shared by the EHS Council. In 2022, they identified 
root causes and assigned a wide range of corrective actions, 
including coaching vendor rig crews, adding trainings, changing 
and increasing training on protocols, and updating policies. 
We utilize SIF learnings throughout Devon to prevent future 
occurrences. 
We also review SIFs where no one was injured and industry 
SIFs to better understand trends, mitigations and best 
practices. Devon is a founding participant in a voluntary 
industry program driving to eliminate SIF events in U.S. 
onshore E&P operations. Participants in the Onshore Safety 
Alliance (OSA) commit to support the OSA guiding principles, 
industry sharing and learning, and to carry out a Life Saving 
Actions program, risk assessments, incident investigations and 
other safety actions. 
To give a comprehensive view of our safety performance, 
Devon also tracks the Days Away Restricted Rate (DART), Lost 
Time Incident Rate (LTIR) and Total Recordable Incident Rate 
(TRIR) for employees and contractors. In 2022, our TRIR (for 
employees + contractors) increased 8% compared to 2021, 
with hand and finger injuries accounting for 42% of recordable 
injuries in 2022. We held two companywide stand-downs to 
have meaningful discussions on preventing hand and finger 
injuries. To keep the injury prevention conversation going, 
many crews hung a special Devon alert in their workspace.
Workforce Safety  continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
2023 corporate safety goals 
Devon’s 2023 corporate safety goals continue our mission to 
protect the lives of our employees, contractors and communities. 
Based on our underlying metrics, the goals are weighted toward 
leading indicators, and demonstrate our level of commitment to 
safety and to delivering a superior safety culture.
Safety accounts for 60% of the company’s ESG goal in 2023, 
or 9% of the overall corporate scorecard. Achieving a year-over-
year SIF event reduction represents the largest portion of the 
safety goal. Utilizing SIF learnings to reduce SIF exposure and 
events and improve processes, culture and workplace safety 
remains a companywide goal for the fifth year.
Engage Your Mind, Then Drive
Driving is one of the most dangerous activities for Devon 
employees, who drove 13.8 million miles in 2022, down 
from 14.7 million in 2021. Our “Engage Your Mind, Then 
Drive” safe driving campaign encourages a pre-job 
planning approach to driving to positively impact Devon 
employees, as well as their families and communities. 
Employees received a sticker to place on the driver side 
window as a visible reminder to complete a 360-degree 
walkaround of their vehicle before entering it to look  
for hazards. 
In 2022, we used onboard GPS data to track company 
vehicles on speeding, seatbelt use, hard braking, hard 
acceleration and other indicators to further improve 
Guided by our values to always do what’ s right, support each other and proactively 
manage risk, we continue to empower the entire Devon team with the culture, tools 
and processes to work safely.
driving behaviors. We require employees who have 
assigned vehicles to take hands-on commentary driver 
training administered by a third party. Additionally, EHS 
and operations professionals completed certifications to 
teach defensive driving classes to their fellow company 
drivers. This highlights the approach the company 
is taking to equip our workforce with the needed 
knowledge and skills for specific job tasks.

With global cybersecurity threats and Devon’s  
digital technology use both increasing, we focus  
on protecting our networks, systems and the 
significant amount of data we use to run our  
business. Devon invests in state-of-the-art tools  
and processes to safeguard our technology  
advantage, operate our business safely and  
reliably, manage risk and deliver results. 
Our highly skilled and trained digital security professionals 
apply artificial intelligence, process automation, data 
analytics and other techniques in the field and office.  
We require and pay for each member of our security 
operations team to earn technical certifications for different 
technologies, platforms and applications. These include 
certifications for security essentials and incident handling, 
global information assurance, information security, forensics 
and Lean Six Sigma.
Each week, the cybersecurity team meets to discuss 
cyberthreats, incidents and effective prevention measures. The 
team proactively develops, uses and shares information on 
cyberthreats to enhance our knowledge with appropriate levels 
and layers of automation. Our digital security professionals 
collaborate with Devon operations, information technology, 
corporate security, emergency management and other teams to 
strengthen our cybersecurity controls and capabilities. 
We provide regular quarterly updates to our board and 
its Audit Committee regarding our information security 
program. Devon’s management team routinely updates the 
committee on our major cybersecurity plans and initiatives, 
benchmarking assessments and current events that could 
impact cybersecurity for our company and industry. Three of 
our directors have technology or cybersecurity experience 
that enhances the board’s risk oversight role.
Mitigating cybersecurity risk
Our corporate information security policy and program are 
aligned with the federal NIST Cybersecurity Framework for 
risk management. To further mitigate cybersecurity risk, 
our policy and program are assessed by third-party experts, 
and we maintain specialized insurance for possible liability 
resulting from a cyberattack on our assets. 
Devon internally exercises and tests our incident response and 
disaster recovery plans as part of our corporate emergency 
preparedness program. In 2022, we continued building our 
disaster recovery capabilities with field and business unit 
exercises and training. Operational technology security 
remained a focus area as we continued to add robust 
preventive and detective controls in the field.
A culture of prevention and compliance strengthens our digital 
security. All employees take cybersecurity awareness training 
during onboarding and through annual refresher training. 
Teams that have access to sensitive data take specific training 
and employees receive recognition if they help us avoid 
cybersecurity events. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, 
the Information System General Usage Policy and related 
policies provide guidance on our information systems.
Devon develops our own patented technologies, deploys mobile 
apps in the field, and commercializes and scales technology 
solutions in partnership with innovators. As part of its role to 
protect data and technology appropriately, our digital security 
team evaluates technologies that we build, buy and deploy, 
and recommends safeguards to the business owners. In 2022, 
we formalized a digital security role to proactively engage with 
technology projects and initiatives before they’re executed to 
identify potential security risks and recommend mitigations. 
We’ll keep improving alignment among our IT, operational 
technology and digital security groups to secure Devon’s 
technology initiatives and address risks.
Cybersecurity
37 
Protecting our information systems and technology advantage
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Align our corporate information 
security policy and program with 
the U.S. Department of Commerce’s 
National Institute of Standards and 
Technology (NIST) Cybersecurity 
Framework for risk assessment.
Require and pay for 100% of 
Devon security operations team 
professionals to earn industry 
certifications in security essentials 
and incident handling.
Provide training, recognition  
and enforcement to enhance our 
culture of prevention.
Use best practices in our  
external-facing website.
TO MITIGATE CYBERSECURITY RISK, WE:
Devon employs a highly qualified 
digital security team
5post-graduate degrees
years of combined 
military service related 
to digital security12
years of combined 
security experience135+
40
certifications from 
organizations such as SANS 
Institute, CompTIA and Cisco
>

Devon continues to proactively secure our information 
and infrastructure in light of the evolving global threat 
environment. We actively share information with peer 
companies, industry and IT security groups, and local, state 
and federal agencies to monitor and respond to the global 
landscape. Devon assesses our internal controls, follows 
federal government recommendations and takes other 
precautions, while enabling employees to work efficiently 
and effectively from any location. Through ongoing efforts 
to educate employees to recognize increasingly sophisticated 
threats like malware, ransomware and phishing attempts, we 
are heightening digital security awareness in our workforce.
Cybersecurity continued
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
38 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Devon’s digital security and emergency management 
teams collaborated on tabletop exercises and stress 
tests of our response plans in 2022. They were 
part of our ongoing focus on further improving our 
capabilities to address a technology disruption that 
could impact our field operations.
Devon digital security professionals came out on top in 
a cybersecurity skills challenge at the 17th Annual API 
Cybersecurity Conference for the Oil and Natural Gas Industry 
in November 2022. The four-hour exercise tested teams from 
energy and oilfield services companies on a wide range of 
technical skills,  from reverse engineering and networking to 
exploitation and problem-solving.

39 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Safety & Security       
Emergency Preparedness
Ready to respond
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Overview
Environment
Social 
Reporting
Devon prioritizes life safety and business continuity 
when incidents occur that could impact our 
employees, our assets, our business and the 
environment. We dedicate resources to emergency 
preparedness and follow nationally recognized 
standards for effective emergency management. 
Our centralized corporate emergency management function 
leads Devon’s emergency response and recovery efforts for 
operational incidents, weather events, supply disruptions 
and other incidents. We follow the Federal Emergency 
Management Agency’s (FEMA) National Incident Management 
System (NIMS) to manage emergency response in cooperation 
with community agencies.
Training, drills and exercises 
Devon provides in-house training, drills and exercises on the 
NIMS Incident Command System (ICS), and integrates best 
practices to be ready for timely, effective incident response. 
Our emergency management program leader is a certified 
Emergency Manager and ICS instructor, which strengthens our 
capabilities.
In 2022, Devon’s emergency management efforts expanded 
to address the risks and needs of our growing geographic 
footprint and increasingly complex operations. We continued 
to better integrate our digital security, physical security and 
field incident management teams to maintain proper response 
capabilities. 
Devon completed ten Basic Incident Management courses 
for field personnel and business unit leaders in all field 
operating areas and our Oklahoma City headquarters. Based 
on the findings of a 2021 technology audit, our 2022 incident 
management exercises focused on the impact of technology 
disruptions. At the request of the vice president of technology, 
leaders and field employees from multiple departments 
participated in a technology-related exercise in Oklahoma City. 
To further spread awareness, each field incident management 
training in 2022 included a tabletop exercise on how extended 
technology outages could affect field operations. 
During the year, we also conducted a drill for spill response 
equipment deployment at our Abernathy recycled water 
treatment facility in Oklahoma, updated all field office 
emergency response plans, rewrote our aviation emergency 
response plan and updated the technology in our incident 
command center.
As part of our life safety efforts, Devon’s floor warden program 
works to establish occupant readiness in our office facilities. In 
2022, we offered more life safety courses than in any previous 
year. These included cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR), 
automated external defibrillator (AED) and first aid. 
We also offered CPR training for employees’ family members, 
which in turn strengthens CPR skills and awareness in our 
communities. Devon introduced a Stop the Bleed (STB) course 
and gave each employee who completed the course a STB first 
aid pack for their vehicle, home, office or elsewhere. 
We’re excited to implement Stop The Bleed training in all 
our field operating areas in 2023 in partnership with local 
first responders. We’ll also focus on conducting incident 
management training in all operating areas covering well 
control scenarios to drilling, completions, production and 
other teams that support local incident response.
Working with partners
Devon follows the U.S. Department of Homeland Security 
(DHS) Security Exercise and Evaluation Program, which allows 
us to provide community partners with documentation that 
validates their participation for federal funding and medical 
facility accreditation requirements.
We believe robust emergency management capabilities 
throughout industry and government contribute to 
community safety and security. Devon supports the head 
of our emergency management program in her role as 
the designated representative for the Oil and Natural Gas 
Subsector Coordinating Council, part of the Cybersecurity and 
Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) Critical Infrastructure 
Cross-Sector Council. The council comprises 16 critical 
infrastructure industries, including energy, transportation, 
and food and agriculture, that coordinate the private sector’s 
cooperative efforts to advance its critical infrastructure 
security, protection and resiliency mission. Devon’s involvement 
enhances our ability to manage risk and maintain business 
continuity by giving us early insights into emerging issues, 
pending laws and regulations, and other critical information. 
As our representative on the Permian Strategic Partnership’s 
(PSP) roads safety and healthcare committees, our emergency 
management lead also helps guide initiatives such as the Stop 
the Bleed campaign and other initiatives in communities in 
southeast New Mexico and west Texas.
Devon will engage law enforcement, fire, emergency management and emergency 
medical services during incident management exercises as we continue to build 
relationships with first responders to keep people and property safe.
Continuous improvement
Devon’s incident management team and skills 
were put to the test in 2022 during incidents 
in our western Oklahoma and North Dakota 
operations and Oklahoma City. After every 
exercise and actual response, we document areas 
for improvement, best practices and strengths. 
As part of our continuous improvement efforts, 
corrective actions are incorporated into our EHS 
incident management system. When emergencies 
and incidents occur, these practices enable Devon 
to protect our workforce, our neighbors and our 
assets. In turn, we’re protecting our business and 
license to operate.

40 
Governance 
Strong values, oversight and risk management
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Overview
Environment
The Governance section of our 2023 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 41
Corporate Governance 42
Enterprise Risk Management 45
Shareholder Engagement 46
Public Advocacy 47
Ethics and Integrity 49
   
 
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Resource Links:      
      Corporate Governance Guidelines
      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
       Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive 
Officer, Chief Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer
      Anti-Corruption Policy
      Ethics and Compliance Helpline
      Certificate of Incorporation
      Bylaws
      Privacy Statement
      ESG Steering Committee Charter
      Investor Communications
      Annual Proxy Statements
       Annual Political Activity and  
Lobbying Report
       Devon Energy Corporation Political 
Action Committee Annual Report

Overview
41 
To deliver results, we focus on operational excellence, 
top-tier environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
performance, and constructive stakeholder engagement. 
We integrate our environmental, health and safety (EHS) 
commitment into our operations and incorporate ESG 
performance goals into our compensation program.
As we focus on being financially, environmentally and socially responsible,  
Devon is guided by our core values and corporate governance principles.  
We sustain the trust we’ve built with our stakeholders through ethics, integrity  
and recognized governance practices such as proactive shareholder  
engagement and purposeful risk management.
Climate Action 
page 45
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action plan  
for organizations seeking to provide affordable  
energy, produced responsibly to protect the  
environment, while also promoting peace and  
prosperity for all people. In this report, we have 
 identified a variety of Devon’s business activities  
that align with the U.N. SDGs. Here in the  
governance section, look for:
2020 2021 2022
Independent Board Members 82%1 73% 73%
As of June 2023, 10 of our 11 board members (91%) qualify as independent  
under NYSE standards and SEC regulations.
Women Board Members 27%1 27% 27%
As of June 2023, four women (36%) serve on our board of directors, including  
the chair of Devon’s Audit Committee.
Contributions - Trades and Political   (thousands) $2,234 2 $2,520 $4,347
With the increased scale of the company following the Devon-WPX merger,  
Devon’s trade association dues have increased.
Lobbying - Federal and State   (thousands) $7432 $433 $751
Devon’s lobbying and political activity is disclosed via public agencies, as well as  
through the company’s Political Activity and Lobbying Report available on our website.
Governance Metrics
1  Reflects legacy Devon board composition following the annual election of directors each June.
2 Legacy Devon only.
Devon’s senior leaders evaluate risks and opportunities 
to continuously improve our ESG performance and 
transparency. Our ESG and sustainability leaders play an  
active role by informing management on current and 
emerging issues that influence business planning,  
strategy and operations.
 
Taking Action
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    Increased board engagement and oversight of 
environmental targets and strategy, diversity, equity 
and inclusion (DEI), and other ESG matters. 
    Tied executive compensation more closely to 
ESG performance with more quantifiable metrics, 
increased weighting for ESG and related metrics, and 
provided additional transparency on our corporate 
goals for executive and company-wide performance 
by prospectively publishing our goals for the year.
ETHICS AND INTEGRITY 
    Adopted a WPX legacy practice for reporting to 
the board on our ethics program, which has led to 
quarterly reporting and executive sessions with 
the Audit Committee and additional structure, 
including the establishment of a Business Ethics 
Resource Center.
PUBLIC ADVOCACY 
    Engaged constructively with federal and state 
policy makers, diverse stakeholders and thought 
leaders to broaden our perspectives on key public 
policy issues.
STRATEGIC FOCUS ON EMISSIONS
    Company-wide goals for 2022 included a standalone 
emissions goal, which the company met.
TRANSPARENCY
    Published our 2023 Climate Change Assessment 
Report, which is consistent with the core elements 
of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) framework.
    Published our 2022 Political Activity and Lobbying 
Report and 2023 Sustainability Report as we further 
advanced our commitment to transparency and 
disclosure performance.
Overview
Environment
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Devon recognizes that strong corporate governance 
practices are necessary to maintain our social license 
to operate. We strive to establish a foundation for 
effective decision-making and risk management as we 
conduct our business in keeping with our corporate 
values and ESG responsibilities, serving the interests 
of our stakeholders.
We’ve developed an effective corporate governance framework 
that evolves with our business. Forward-looking principles and 
practices guide our board of directors, executive management 
and workforce in making a positive and sustainable impact.
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines support the long-term 
interests of the company and our stakeholders by focusing 
on certain core principles for effective governance of the 
company. The guidelines cover board composition, policies, 
procedures and committees. They also provide direction for 
the recruitment, selection, responsibilities, compensation and 
evaluation of individual directors. The guidelines are updated 
from time-to-time to reflect the evolving needs of  
our company.
Corporate Governance
42 
Principles-based oversight
C | Chair      M | Member
Audit  
Committee
Compensation 
Committee
Governance, Environmental  
and Public Policy Committee
Reserves  
Committee
Non-Management Directors
Barbara Baumann, Chair
John E. Bethancourt M C
Ann G. Fox M M
Gennifer Kelly M M
Kelt Kindick M C
John Krenicki Jr. M M
Karl F. Kurz M M M
Michael Mears M M
Robert A. Mosbacher Jr. C M
Valerie M. Williams C M
Management Director
Rick E. Muncrief, President and CEO
Director committee assignments
As of June 2023
Charters
  Audit Committee Charter
 The Audit Committee assists the  
board in ensuring the integrity of 
Devon’s financial statements and 
reporting system, compliance with  
legal and regulatory requirements,  
and performance of internal and 
external audit functions.
  Compensation Committee Charter
 The Compensation Committee 
determines the compensation for 
Devon’s senior executives and provides 
oversight of the company’s employee 
benefit programs.
  Governance, Environmental  
and Public Policy Committee
 The GEPP Committee assists the board 
in identifying qualified individuals 
for board membership; oversees the 
company’s corporate governance; 
reviews Devon’s EHS efforts, social 
responsibility programs and stakeholder 
engagement; advises the board on 
significant public policy issues; and 
oversees integrating sustainability into 
strategic and tactical business activities.
  Reserves Committee Charter 
The Reserves Committee provides 
oversight of the annual review and 
evaluation of Devon’s consolidated 
petroleum and natural gas reserves, 
reporting system, compliance, 
regulatory requirements and  
related disclosures.
  Dividend Committee Charter 
The Dividend Committee assists the 
board with its duties and responsibilities 
in the declaration and payment of 
dividends on Devon’s common stock.
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
High-quality corporate governance requires that our board 
include members with an appropriate mix of skills and 
experience to oversee our business. In addition, a high number 
of our directors should not have material relationships with 
Devon that could impede their independent view of the 
company and company management. As of June 2023, 10 of 11 
(91%) Devon board members qualified as independent, based 
on New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) listing standards and 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations.
Our board has a practice of maintaining independent leadership 
in the boardroom. If our board chair is not independent, our 
board appoints a lead director who has duties, responsibilities 
and rights to assure high-quality corporate governance. With 
the retirement of our executive chair in January 2023, our board 
appointed a board chair who is independent and vacated the 
position of lead director. Regardless of whether our board is 
led by an independent chair or has appointed a lead director, 
the board seeks to optimize board performance through open, 
substantive communications among directors and between 
directors and management. Providing regular feedback, 
encouraging different viewpoints to be expressed, and setting an 
expectation of constructive candor are hallmarks of our desire for 
frank and thoughtful board discussions.
The full board has primary responsibility for risk oversight of 
the company, which includes reviewing whether Devon’s risk 
management is appropriate in relation to Devon’s material 
risks. Specific areas of risk oversight have been delegated to 
four standing committees: Audit, Compensation, Reserves, 
and Governance, Environmental and Public Policy (GEPP). All 
members of the GEPP, Audit and Compensation committees 
are independent, as required in our Corporate Governance 
Guidelines, and the members of the Reserves Committee 
are independent as well. The GEPP, Audit and Compensation 
committees review various aspects of Devon’s ESG activities, 
metrics and reporting, and the full board is involved in assessing 
our overall ESG program.
Independence
Ten of Devon’s 11 directors qualify as independent  
under NYSE standards and SEC regulations.
As of June 2023

Receiving in-depth reports on key stakeholder initiatives 
such as our OGMP 2.0 membership, as well as on current 
and emerging regulatory requirements for emissions 
reporting and other aspects of ESG
    Discussing the contents of Devon’s 2022 Sustainability 
Report with management before publication
    Reviewing and discussing Devon’s diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI) metrics, and actions and strategy for 
improving our workforce DEI. This included two meetings 
with the Compensation Committee and management, 
reflecting the board’s increased emphasis on DEI
As ESG and EHS performance have become more 
intertwined with operational and financial accounting 
matters, ESG and EHS oversight has evolved to include other 
board committees as appropriate and additional discussions 
with the full board. For example, aspects of various recently 
proposed federal regulations, including the proposed 
climate-related disclosure rule and the more stringent 
methane regulations, have been discussed at different 
committees of the board as well as the full board.
Board diversity
Our decisions and actions have benefited from informed 
input of board members with a wide range of experiences, 
skills and backgrounds. Diversity characteristics such as 
gender and racial/ethnic diversity are critical components of 
a high-functioning board. Our board’s emphasis on diversity 
characteristics is reflected in our Corporate Governance 
Guidelines, which provides that the GEPP Committee seeks 
to include women and minorities in the pool of candidates 
for director nominations and requires any search firm it 
engages to do the same.
43 
Corporate Governance  continued The GEPP Committee nominates qualified candidates to be Devon directors, 
seeking qualities such as  integrity and accountability , ability to provide 
informed judgment, respect from peers and high performance standards.
Deep dives into Devon’s business, operations, EHS, ESG 
and other relevant matters are part of each board meeting. 
The board often invites external speakers, stockholders and 
thought leaders to board meetings and has incorporated 
into the board’s calendar a regular cadence for seeking 
information and insights from people outside the company. 
With respect to ESG, the board in 2022 continued to focus 
on ESG targets and performance, specifically focusing on 
the key drivers for attaining continuous improvement and 
measuring ESG-related data.
The GEPP Committee has primary oversight responsibility 
for corporate governance which includes identifying, 
reviewing and recommending the nomination of qualified 
candidates to Devon’s board. The committee’s scope also 
includes reviewing EHS performance and efforts to integrate 
sustainability into Devon’s business and activities. GEPP 
Committee members regularly hear from Devon leaders 
and subject matter experts on corporate governance issues 
and practices; emissions, targets and other environmental 
matters; ESG-related stakeholder engagements; public 
policy developments; and our social responsibility programs. 
The GEPP Committee’s endorsement of ESG matters helps 
inform the company’s strategy, plans and priorities, and 
secure internal alignment.
In 2022, the GEPP Committee’s activities included:
    Reviewing Devon’s performance on key environmental 
metrics, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions 
    Reviewing progress on the company’s environmental 
targets announced in June 2021 and tactics for meeting 
the targets, including their implications for technology, 
operations, facility design and capital costs
How to contact Devon’s non-management directors
Any stockholder or other interested party may contact 
Devon’s non-management directors individually or as a  
group for any matters by: 
    U.S. mail to non-management Directors, c/o Office of  
the Corporate Secretary, Devon Energy Corporation,  
333 W. Sheridan Avenue, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, 73012
    Calling our non-management directors access  
line at (866) 888-6179 or
    Sending an email to nonmanagement.directors@dvn.com. 
If requested, all calls and correspondence are anonymous and 
kept confidential to the extent possible.
Tenure
The tenure of our directors reflects a balance  of experience 
and fresh perspectives.
As of June 2023
Diversity
We approached our directors to voluntarily self-disclose 
their race, ethnicity and gender. The aggregate of these 
disclosures is reflected in the chart below.
As of June 2023
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
36%
Gender Diverse             Ethnically/ 
Racially Diverse
9%
73% 
0-5 Years
18%
6-10 Years
9% 
10+ Years
5.4                Years
Average Tenure
As of June 2023, our board included four women (36%) 
and one racially diverse (9%) director, including the 
chair of Devon’s Audit Committee. Current board tenure 
of approximately 1-14 years provides a balance of fresh 
viewpoints and continuity. Our directors range in age  
from 46 to 71. Our board retirement age is 74 for  
non-management directors.
In January 2023, Barbara Baumann became the chair of  
Devon’s board of directors. It is unique in the oil and gas 
industry and with public companies in general to have a female 
board chair. This is a testament to Baumann’s strategic insight, 
financial acumen and operational knowledge. Since joining 
the company’s board in 2014, she has been a leading voice in 
our ESG-related initiatives, and chaired and guided the GEPP 
Committee in its first year. Baumann has taken a personal 
interest in DEI and in mentoring women in Devon management.
Board elections
Shareholders elect Devon directors at our annual meeting 
for one-year terms. Our bylaws require a director who does 
not receive a plurality of votes in an uncontested election to 
offer to resign, which has not happened in Devon’s 51-year 
history. At our 2023 annual meeting, our directors received 
an average voting support of 96%.

44 
Executive and board compensation
Devon focuses on generating positive operating returns 
by managing a premier asset portfolio, delivering superior 
execution and exercising disciplined capital allocation. Our 
executive compensation program seeks to create a strong tie 
between company performance on these key objectives and 
executive pay. This pay-for-performance philosophy is intended 
to motivate near-term operational and financial success as well 
as to create long-term stockholder value. Total compensation 
is weighted in favor of long-term incentives to emphasize value 
creation and stockholder alignment.
Executive compensation is determined annually by the 
Compensation Committee, which evaluates the performance 
of the company and of individual executives and the business 
unit or organization they manage. At the start of each year, 
the Compensation Committee establishes company-wide 
goals for the year that are used in awarding bonuses following 
the end of the year. The executive leadership team keeps the 
Compensation Committee apprised of performance on the 
goals throughout the course of the year.
In determining executive compensation in 2022, the 
Compensation Committee considered the company’s 
operational and financial achievements and performance 
relative to our corporate goals. Devon set ambitious goals for 
financial results, capital expenditures, oil and gas production, 
ESG/EHS performance and strategic initiatives for the year. 
Our goals included a standalone emissions reduction goal that 
accounted for 15% of the overall corporate goals scorecard 
and directly tied compensation for the entire company to 
environmental performance.
Corporate Governance  continued
The company outperformed targets for the majority of goals 
on our 2022 company performance scorecard, including our 
standalone emissions reduction goal. Based on our results, the 
Compensation Committee assigned a company performance 
score of 165%, which led to above-target bonuses for our 
employees (including executives).
The board determines non-management director compensation 
annually based on the Compensation Committee’s 
recommendations. As part of its annual diligence of board 
compensation, the Compensation Committee obtains a report 
on the director compensation policies and practices of Devon’s 
principal competitors and other comparable companies. 
The Compensation Committee also considers the form and 
amount of director compensation. A meaningful portion 
of director compensation is conferred in the form of equity, 
which reflects the expectation that directors should have a 
significant stake in the performance of the company and thereby 
align their interests with that of our stockholders. In 2022, the 
Compensation Committee approved non-management directors’ 
participation in Devon’s matching gift program that allows for 
qualifying charitable contributions of up to $10,000 annually. 
The matching gift program has been a successful new benefit 
offered at Devon with broad participation across the company.
To help ensure that management and our board understand  
the compensation issues that matter to our stockholders, 
Devon conducts investor outreach throughout the year.  
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
During 2022, the company contacted the majority of our top 
100 stockholders, interacted with many other stockholders 
and met with stewardship representatives of approximately 
50 investors. The Compensation Committee and GEPP 
Committee review the feedback resulting from this outreach, 
as well as the most recent advisory vote by stockholders on 
executive compensation. At our most recent annual meeting of 
stockholders (2023), our executive compensation for the prior 
year received the support of 93% shares voted.
Additional information about our executive compensation 
program is available in the Compensation Discussion and 
Analysis (CD&A) section of our 2023 proxy statement. 
Barbara 
Baumann
John E.
Bethancourt
Ann G.
Fox
Gennifer 
Kelly
Kelt
Kindick
John
Krenickl Jr. 
Karl F.  
Kurz
Michael 
Mears
Robert A.
Mosbacher Jr.
Rick E.
Muncrief
Valerie M.
Williams
Age 67 71 46 50 68 61 62 60 72 64 66
Diversity
Key Skills and Experience
Human Capital Mgt./Comp.
Engineering Education/Experience
Finance/Capital Allocation
Regulatory/Policy Matters
Technology or Cybersecurity
Environmental Matters
Corp. Governance/Risk Mgt.
Investment Mgt./Stewardship
Directors’ Skills and Experience
= All four are women. Ms. Williams is Black/African American.

Systematically identifying and managing economic, 
operational and reputational risks to our business is 
essential to Devon’s efforts to deliver results safely, 
ethically and responsibly. 
The Devon board of directors has primary responsibility 
for risk oversight, and each director has experience in risk 
management. The board’s four standing committees consider 
the current and emerging risks inherent in their areas of 
oversight and update the full board. Our management team 
oversees and reports to the board on the company’s day-
to-day efforts to manage strategic, financial, operational, 
market, ESG, EHS and other risks to our business. In addition, 
management executes the board’s and committees’ risk 
management directives.
Our vice president of internal audit, who manages our 
enterprise risk management (ERM) process, reports directly to 
the board’s Audit Committee and receives additional guidance 
from our executive vice president and chief financial officer. 
The internal audit vice president is certified in risk management 
assurance by the Institute of Internal Auditors and leads a 
team of professionals who hold 23 different certifications 
in accounting, internal auditing, risk management, fraud 
examination, cybersecurity and other specializations.
Enterprise Risk Management
45 
Identifying and managing material risks
Our ERM framework includes an annual risk analysis to 
help us determine the material risks to our business. The 
board, management and subject matter experts across the 
enterprise consider the likelihood that certain risks could 
cause economic or reputational risk to the company, as well 
as our level of preparedness for each risk. During this analysis, 
leaders from multiple work disciplines participate in exercises 
and workshops to help us identify new and emerging risks and 
maintain awareness of business risk across Devon. 
Devon added climate change as a standalone risk category in 
June 2022 to help ensure we continue to adequately monitor 
and mitigate climate-related risks. Previously, climate change 
was a facet of other risk categories.
Risk management workshops
Risk review is a year-round process at Devon that includes 
an internal stakeholder survey annually in the summer. 
Through May 2023, we plan to hold workshops to examine 
our risk management practices for the top ten individual risk 
categories and to review lower-risk categories identified in our 
2022 survey. The workshop results will guide our efforts to 
manage risk effectively going forward.
Please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year 
ended December 31, 2022, for a more detailed discussion
of Devon’s material risks.
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
As an energy producer, we believe that 
strong governance of corporate climate 
risk is foundational to supporting 
climate action. At Devon, climate-related 
issues are managed by formal corporate 
management structures, including board 
level oversight, and are integrated into our 
enterprise risk management system. For 
example, active risk management led us 
to set our first methane reduction target 
(beyond regulatory requirements) in 2019 
and additional aggressive, board-approved 
environmental targets in 2021. Read 
more about our targets and other climate 
tactics in the Environment section, our 
CDP Climate disclosures and our Climate 
Change Assessment Report.
Devon’s ERM framework
Our risk management process enables us to 
identify, prepare for and respond quickly to current 
and emerging issues and events, while executing 
our business strategy effectively.
Board oversight
Periodic reporting to 
the board, executive 
committee and 
management
Enterprise risk inventory
Documentation covering  
each risk category including  
risk-mitigation activities
Risk workshops 
Quarterly risk  
discussions
Annual ERM survey
Annual survey of board,  
executive committee,  
management and  
subject matter experts
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Building relationships with our shareholders helps 
Devon anticipate and manage issues that influence 
our long-term success. We’ve learned through 
years of active shareholder outreach that our ESG 
performance is a key component of stockholders’ 
assessment of the company. Insights from our 
shareholder engagements each year inform our  
plans for environmental targets, shape our ESG 
programs, impact our compensation structure  
and focus our reporting.
Based in part on our ongoing engagements, we’ve 
strengthened our governance structure and practices to more 
effectively manage the risks and opportunities of climate 
change, workforce diversity and other ESG issues of interest 
to our shareholders. The Governance, Environmental, and 
Public Policy (GEPP) Committee of our board of directors 
oversees the company’s work in setting strategy, establishing 
goals and integrating sustainability into our business activities. 
Our ESG/EHS and sustainability teams, with input from our 
ESG Steering Committee comprising senior leaders of the 
company, coordinates related efforts and regularly updates 
the executive committee, GEPP Committee and the full board 
on our progress.
Our vice president of corporate governance, secretary 
and associate general counsel leads Devon’s efforts to 
communicate directly with shareholders to understand their 
ESG-related interests. Devon senior leaders and subject matter 
experts on ESG topics — including executive compensation, 
field environmental practices and diversity — often join the 
shareholder meetings to share our strategies and plans. They 
report what they learn to Devon senior management and our 
board, who appreciate shareholder feedback. 
Shareholder Engagement
46 
Seeking and listening to shareholder feedback
Listening to shareholder feedback
We value shareholder feedback and use it to evaluate the 
strength of our programs and practices. We understand 
that minimizing the environmental impact of our operations 
is critically important. To reflect our focus, we set our first 
methane intensity reduction target in 2019. We re-doubled 
our environmental stewardship ambitions in 2021 when 
we adopted goals for net zero operational GHG emissions, 
GHG and methane emissions intensity reductions, flaring 
reductions and water conservation.
To demonstrate our commitment to transparency and 
reporting, we published Climate Change Assessment Reports 
in 2018, 2020, 2021 and 2023. The 2023 report is consistent 
with the core elements of the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. We seek to align with 
TCFD because many of our investors and other stakeholders 
prefer this international, multi-industry-led initiative for 
voluntary disclosure of climate-related risk. We continue to 
share our tactics to meet our decarbonization targets, as 
well as information about our water use, biodiversity, land 
reclamation and other environmental topics. 
To further reflect our environmental focus, Devon included a 
standalone emissions reduction goal with a 15% weighting on 
our 2022 corporate performance scorecard. In comparison, 
our 2021 emissions goal made up a portion of the ESG/EHS 
goal that had a cumulative weighting of 20%. We believe 
that setting challenging goals for EHS and ESG performance 
encourages alignment around an objective that motivates 
our employees and environmentally focused investors.  Our 
goal-setting and performance have led to broad support 
for our compensation programs, with approximately 95% of 
voting stockholders casting ballots “for” Devon’s say on pay 
vote in 2022.
Benchmarking our progress
Devon participates in third-party ESG-focused surveys and 
assessments that help stakeholders benchmark our progress. 
Our ESG scores are ranked in the top tier of our peer groups 
by Sustainalytics, ISS, Moody’s Vigeo Eiris, RobecoSAM, CDP 
Climate and Water, Just Capital and CPA-Zicklin Index. 
These assessments also allows us to gauge the information 
that our investors value and improve our ESG performance. 
We regularly evaluate surveys and additional public disclosures 
we could make to target our reporting on the information that 
is most meaningful for shareholders and other stakeholders. 
In June 2023, Devon was pleased to learn that it has been 
removed from the list of focus companies for the Climate 
Action 100+ initiative, which is an investor-led initiative 
targeting the world’s largest corporate greenhouse  
gas emitters.
Increasing transparency
Devon’s actions to meet our shareholder needs  
for ESG information include the following:
    Publishing a Sustainability Report annually  
since 2018.
    Publishing our Political Activity and Lobbying  
Report annually since 2018.
    Incorporating emissions, safety and other ESG 
metrics into our executive compensation structure, 
including a standalone emissions reduction goal in 
2022.
    Participating in CDP climate reporting for  
19 consecutive years and CDP water reporting  
for nine consecutive years.
    Tying employee bonus compensation to ESG by 
setting company goals for safety, social and other 
ESG-related progress.
Recognized as industry leader
Just Capital ranked Devon the #1 oil and gas company on 
issues that matter most, based on polling of the American 
public. This recognition demonstrates what it means to 
support all of our stakeholders – workers, customers, 
communities, the environment and shareholders.
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Public policy discussions about our industry are 
evolving along with growing interest in the energy 
transition and the sustainability of oil and gas 
development and production. Devon is committed 
to developing solutions that enable us to deliver 
results. We’re engaging constructively and building 
relationships with a wide range of stakeholders – 
from federal and state policy makers, to think tanks 
and nongovernmental organizations (NGO).
As a leading U.S. energy company, Devon participates in 
local, state, national and global economies. The company 
monitors developments in regulations, taxes, trade, jobs, 
ESG performance and other issues that impact our business. 
We have a responsibility to advocate for laws and rules 
that meet business and societal needs, and to consider and 
communicate the impacts and trade-offs of our decisions.
Our board’s Governance, Environmental and Public Policy 
(GEPP) Committee advises the full board and management on 
public policy issues that affect Devon and our stakeholders. 
Our vice president of public and government affairs, who is 
a member of the ESG Steering Committee, leads our efforts 
to advocate for Devon’s business interests. This role includes 
regular discussions with the GEPP Committee on public policy 
issues and our spending. Our core value of integrity commits 
us to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and rules in 
our advocacy role. 
Public Advocacy
47 
Encouraging sound public policy
Encouraging sound public policy
Important decisions about energy, the environment and 
the economy require accurate information and thoughtful 
deliberation across diverse viewpoints. We are committed to 
having constructive conversations, building relationships and 
developing solutions—with a broad range of stakeholders—
that help us deliver results, meet business and societal needs, 
address stakeholder concerns and encourage sound public 
policy. For example, we have worked with stakeholders 
ranging from New Mexico state regulators to environmental 
groups such as the Environmental Defense Fund on methane 
regulations and flaring.
We strive to help stakeholders understand how proposed 
policies impact our day-to-day operations and longer-term 
business prospects, as well as the value of oil and gas 
production to governments and society. This is reflected in 
our balanced approach to prominent policy issues including 
federal and state emissions regulations, climate change, 
financial regulations and global commodity markets. Devon 
has publicly supported the aims of the Biden Administration 
to chart a path toward a durable framework for regulating 
methane at the federal level that encourages innovation and 
operational flexibility. We continue to engage constructively 
on pending federal rulemaking, including with the 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) on its more stringent 
methane regulations, the Bureau of Land Management 
(BLM) on its venting and flaring rules and the Securities and 
Exchange Commission (SEC) on its climate disclosure rules.
 
Political Activity and 
Lobbying Report Archives  
Broadening our perspective
Devon is increasing our involvement in public policy thought 
leadership by joining think tanks like the Bipartisan Policy 
Center, Atlantic Council, Columbia SIPA Center on Global 
Energy Policy and Wilson Center. Proactive engagements with 
a broad spectrum of leaders help us develop solutions on 
issues that affect our business and stakeholders before they 
become the focus of laws and regulations. 
We’re building relationships with the University of Oklahoma, 
Oklahoma State University and other institutions to drive 
practical discussions on technology, climate change and  
other issues. This outreach has the added benefit of 
enhancing our research, recruitment and community 
engagement capabilities.
Overview
Environment
* data reflects legacy Devon only
2020 *
2019 * 2018 * 2017 *
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
2021
In 2022, Devon monitored proposed federal emissions 
regulations, SEC rules on climate disclosures, and other 
pending administrative and regulatory actions. Our  
multistakeholder approach involves our internal ESG, 
government relations and other teams, and we plan to 
continue being part of external efforts aimed at finding 
mutually beneficial solutions for complex issues. 
2023 Political Activity 
and Lobbying Report
2022

48 
Industry leadership
We’re active in industry associations, trade groups, business 
coalitions and advocacy groups to make our views on 
regulations and laws known. We share information about 
industry issues with our employees to aid discussions with 
their friends and neighbors, and we encourage them to vote.
Devon’s CEO is an executive committee member of the 
American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) and 
the American Petroleum Institute (API). We’re a founder and 
current steering committee member of The Environmental 
Partnership, API’s growing coalition taking action to improve 
the industry’s environmental performance. Our involvement 
in the partnership and in developing a methane rule in New 
Mexico is a model for Devon’s industry collaboration.
Devon employees are leaders in industry associations such 
as the Petroleum Alliance of Oklahoma, the Petroleum 
Association of Wyoming (PAW), North Dakota Petroleum 
Council, New Mexico Oil and Gas Association (NMOGA), 
Texas Oil and Gas Association (TXOGA), and Texas Methane 
and Flaring Coalition. Being active in these organizations 
keeps Devon updated on laws, regulations and issues in the 
states where we operate.
Public Advocacy  continued
Overview
Environment
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

At Devon, we’re committed to doing what’s right  
and to demonstrating our fundamental value of 
integrity in all aspects of our business. Openness, 
honesty and respect are key to building trusting 
relationships, demonstrating courage and delivering 
results for our stakeholders. Our high standards 
of ethical and legal conduct, transparency and 
compliance with all applicable laws and regulations 
are vital to creating sustainable value for our 
shareholders.
The Audit Committee of Devon’s board of directors oversees 
our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and 
reports its findings to the full board at least once each year. 
The committee monitors our business practices and ethical 
standards, and together with Devon’s executive vice president 
and general counsel, reviews our business ethics program 
annually, including the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
(code) and our Anti-Corruption Policy and Procedures.
Establishing high standards
Our code sets out the basic principles for legal and ethical 
conduct for each Devon director, officer and employee, 
and guides how we fulfill our responsibilities to each other, 
business partners, shareholders, governments and the law. We 
also require our chief executive officer, chief financial officer 
and chief accounting officer to adhere to an additional, more 
rigorous code of ethics.
We expect Devon directors, officers and employees to comply 
with policies associated with the code that provide guidance on 
specific business practices. These include our Zero Tolerance 
Anti-Harassment Policy, Drug and Alcohol Abuse Prevention 
and Testing Policy, Delegation of Authority Policy, Conflicts of 
Interest Policy, and Environmental, Health and Safety Policy. 
Ethics and Integrity
49 
High standards of conduct
Devon proactively reinforces the importance and understanding 
of our ethical standards, legal obligations and regulatory 
compliance requirements. We require employees to complete 
an ethics training course when they join the company and 
annually thereafter, and they must acknowledge and agree 
to abide by our code and its related policies. In 2022, Devon 
reported a 100% rate of code acknowledgment to the Audit 
Committee.
Since establishing our Business Ethics Resource Center (BERC) 
in 2021, Devon has continued to improve and mature our 
capability for addressing ethics reports. Center participants 
include the executive vice president and general counsel, 
vice president of corporate services and associate general 
counsel, and director of HR business partners. They review 
all good faith reports from the Ethics and Compliance 
Helpline, corporate and digital security, and other sources to 
determine next steps to investigate the reports. The team 
makes quarterly reports to the Audit Committee, an increase 
from annual reporting prior to establishing the BERC, to 
help identify issues that might need additional monitoring or 
require training to raise awareness.
Enforcing the code
To help us maintain our relationships and reputation, Devon 
employees have an obligation to enforce the code and report 
potential violations. We do not allow retaliation for making a 
report in good faith.
Employees can make a report to our executive vice president 
and general counsel or to our third-party Ethics and 
Compliance Helpline, available at all times by phone and 
online. The Helpline is a secure, safe and confidential channel 
to report harassment, inappropriate behavior, fraud, unsafe 
acts, accounting irregularities, human rights violations or any 
other potential code or policy violation. The Audit Committee 
Training our employees to recognize fraud
Employees and third parties can access our 
Ethics and Compliance Helpline to:
    Report any potential violations of our Code of 
Business Conduct or policies.
    Seek guidance on our ethics policy. 
    Ask an ethics-related question.
    Follow up on a reported issue.
Ethics and compliance 
metrics
participation in Devon’s annual 
Code of Business Conduct and 
Ethics training.
100%
of reports were  
unsubstantiated, simple  
inquiries or system tests.
96% 98%
of investigations initiated  
in 2022 were closed  
by year-end.
Overview
Environment
ETHICS AND COMPLIANCE HELPLINE
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Governance        
establishes formal procedures to address complaints about 
accounting and auditing matters, for handling concerns 
submitted by Devon employees about questionable 
accounting and auditing matters, and for protecting reporting 
employees from retaliation. In addition, employees can use 
the Helpline to seek guidance on our ethics policy, follow 
up on a reported issue or ask an ethics-related question. 
The Helpline is also available for reporting by stakeholders. 
Reports will be investigated promptly.
We work to prevent invoicing abuse, digital scams and other 
types of fraud with an active fraud awareness program. Our 
team of fraud examiners with fraud investigation experience 
helps us identify and avoid working with vendors that pose 
a fraud risk, and to quickly take action to prevent financial 
loss and mitigate risk.
Devon has expanded the composition of our internal 
steering committee that identifies industry trends and 
emerging threats related to fraud. Committee members 
from field operations, supply chain and other functions 
share information with our corporate security, internal 
audit and digital security teams. In addition, we use tools 
that leverage artificial intelligence and machine learning to 
prevent digital fraud schemes. 
In 2022, we met our goal to provide in-person fraud 
awareness training at our major field offices for employees 
who work in the field, in accounting and other functions, 
and to hear their observations about new threats and 
scams. These observations allow us to enhance our fraud 
prevention programs. We share information on fraud trends 
with all employees to help them recognize fraudulent 
activity. We plan to continue our training cadence by 
providing fraud training in Devon offices in 2023.

The Social section of our 2023 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 51
Community Engagement 52
STEM 54
Philanthropy 57
Human Rights 60
50 
Social
Investing in our communities
Resource Links:      
      STEM grants
       Corporate Giving Policy
       Statement on Human Rights
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Overview
51 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Our core value of relationships grounds Devon’s social 
investments. We listen to our stakeholders to understand 
their concerns, assess their needs and find the most 
effective ways we can help. By bringing together local and 
national nonprofits, private foundations and corporations, 
we’re able to expand the reach and effectiveness of our 
social investments. Devon advocates for tribal traditions, 
community development and youth programs where we 
operate. Our employee volunteers show their dedication 
to enhancing quality of life by helping alleviate hunger, 
advance education, deliver necessities and by enriching our 
communities. In our relationships and engagements, we’re 
committed to work with integrity, earn trust, empower 
others and keep improving.
We’re responsive to our community stakeholders and 
available to handle any concerns we receive in person,  
by phone and online. Devon’s trained team of experienced 
land, community relations, field operations, corporate 
communication and other professionals is prepared to 
respond to issues and collaborate with stakeholders to  
find solutions.
To be a socially responsible operator, Devon focuses on building strong, safe 
communities and an educated workforce. We invest in aspects of community life 
where we can have the greatest impact, while aligning with Devon’s values and 
business goals: STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) education, 
public safety, social services and vibrancy in the communities where we operate.
STEM EDUCATION
    Impacted more than 100,000 students, 2,500 
teachers and 1,900 classrooms through our 
STEM investments.
    Opened 22 STEM centers – including our first 
in North Dakota, our first on tribal lands and 
our first in a middle school – bringing our total 
to 120 STEM centers since 2021.
    Awarded our first-ever national STEM Lesson 
Challenge grants to two Oklahoma City area 
teachers in partnership with the Cal Ripken, Sr. 
Foundation.
GIVING
     Invested $1.5 million in STEM education 
in 2022, including a Ripken capital gift for 
middle school STEM centers.
    Significantly increased our Inclusion and Equity 
Grants from $100,000 for ten Oklahoma City 
organizations in 2021 to $268,000 and in-kind 
donations for 19 organizations in Oklahoma City 
and the New Mexico Delaware Basin in 2022.
    In the first year of our Employee Gift Match 
Program, employees donated to 274 different 
nonprofits for a total of $1.24 million donated 
and matched.
HUMANITARIAN SUPPORT
    Donated over $17.9 million for housing relief, 
food stabilization programs, and medical 
assistance and supplies to support displaced 
citizens and refugees in Ukraine following the 
outbreak of war in February 2022.
DEVON’S GOALS
    Surpassed the 2022 social performance 
goals on our company scorecard to enhance 
STEM education, expand diversity, equity 
and inclusion (DEI) charitable programming, 
and increase employee engagement through 
community programs.
2020 2021 2022
Social Investments (millions) $5.3 $13.7 $29.6 
In 2022, Devon’s social investments included $17.9 million related to humanitarian support and $4.1 million in one-time gifts for capital projects.
Social Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
Quality Education 
page 54
The United Nations has established 17  
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action  
plan for organizations seeking to provide  
affordable energy, produced responsibly to  
protect the environment, while also promoting  
peace and prosperity for all people. In this report,  
we have identified a variety of Devon’s business 
activities that align with the U.N. SDGs. Here in  
the social section, look for:
Taking Action
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting

Earning the trust of our stakeholders by what we 
say and do is part of the Devon culture and one of 
our corporate values. We’re committed to building 
relationships of mutual respect with our coworkers 
and their families, shareholders, neighbors, 
landowners, mineral-rights holders, policymakers, 
lawmakers, suppliers, vendors, service companies 
and schools. Together, we can find solutions and lay 
the foundation for ongoing cooperation.
We recognize that industrial processes and equipment used 
in oil and gas development can cause traffic, noise and 
other issues that affect our neighbors. We’re committed 
to improving the compatibility of our operations in the 
communities where we do business and helping mitigate  
the impact of industry activity. Devon has worked with 
industry coalitions, state agencies, business owners,  
individual landowners, local housing developers and  
others to enhance safety and quality of life in the vicinity  
of oil and gas operations.
Supporting first responders
Our focus on safety extends to partnering with the 
emergency responders who protect our communities. We 
reinforce our commitment to safety by allocating about 
one-third of our annual giving in our field areas to helping 
first responders acquire equipment, trucks, training and 
supplies to support their crucial work. We also deliver holiday 
treats and host lunches and dinners to show first responders 
we appreciate their work. Devon donated $143,750 to 65 
emergency responder organizations in 2022, bringing our total 
donations to almost $957,000 since 2018.
Celebrating local cultures
To celebrate the cultures and unique qualities of our 
communities, Devon donates to local fairs and events where 
we operate. In 2022, we contributed to the Cuero Turkeyfest, 
Christmas on the Pecos in Carlsbad, and Oklahoma City 
National Memorial and Museum.
Nearly all of our operations in the North Dakota Williston 
Basin are located on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation, 
home of the Mandan, Hidatsa and Arikara Nation (MHA 
Nation). We collaborate to earn and maintain the respect of 
the MHA Nation, including working closely to comply with 
their practices to reduce the spread of COVID-19 throughout 
the pandemic. Devon also assists tribal communities through 
charitable giving for educational, health and safety endeavors, 
and installed the first-ever Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation STEM 
center on tribal lands at Edwin Loe Elementary School in the 
MHA Nation.
Community Engagement
52 
Building relationships
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Making roads safer in the Permian 
Basin
While only 2% of Texas’ population lives in the Permian 
Basin, 11% of traffic fatalities occur on the region’s 
roads that need $3 billion in repairs to improve safety 
and meet expected needs. As a sponsor of the Permian 
Road Safety Coalition (PRSC), Devon works with a 
cross-section of stakeholders invested in making roads 
safer and road infrastructure better across southeast 
New Mexico and west Texas. 
Founded in 2015, PRSC brings together oil and gas 
industry companies and trade groups, agencies, 
researchers and concerned citizens to leverage 
expertise, share best practices and collaborate on 
data-driven research. PRSC also educates the broader 
community on the shared responsibility for road safety, 
including providing resources on its website to help 
everyone drive safely.
The coalition hosts road safety forums and training, 
and makes donations such as equipment and supplies 
for the Delaware Basin Emergency Preparedness 
Initiative (DBEPI) and matching funds to build a critical 
overpass project in Kermit, Texas. In 2022, PRSC 
donated $3.2 million for life-saving equipment to first 
responders across the region.
Devon also supports road safety through our 
membership in the Permian Strategic Partnership, 
which identified road safety as an area of urgent 
regional need through an analysis completed in 2018.

53 
Community Engagement  continued
Devon’s investment in the Permian 
Strategic Partnership grows to $20 million
The region encompassing Devon’s Delaware Basin assets in 
southeast New Mexico and west Texas became the world’s 
highest-producing oilfield in 2019. The Permian Basin — a 
major contributor to America’s energy security, significant 
job creator and regional economic development engine — is 
expected to yield 40% of U.S. oil production by 2025.
As one of the Permian Basin’s largest producers, Devon 
is keenly aware of both the opportunities and challenges 
stakeholders face in this prolific oil producing region. The 
increase in activity and growing workforce has put a strain on 
the region’s infrastructure, education, healthcare, housing 
and social services.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
In 2018, energy companies with assets in the Permian Basin 
recognized the need for community support and formed 
the Permian Strategic Partnership (PSP) to strengthen and 
improve the quality of life for residents in the region. The 
PSP partners with local leaders to develop and implement 
strategic plans to bring about superior schools, safer 
roads, quality healthcare, affordable housing and a trained 
workforce.
After making our initial $10 million, multi-year investment 
pledge in PSP’s mission in 2018, Devon renewed that 
commitment in 2023 with an additional pledge of $10 
million. Our executive vice president and chief operating 
officer is a member of the PSP board of directors and our 
director of community relations serves on its management 
committee. Our impact is amplified by working together 
with 16 other member companies to make a positive 
difference in the Permian Basin.
Since 2018, the PSP has transformed more than $109 
million in member contributions into nearly $975 million in 
collaborative investments. The PSP increased funding for 
education, invested in career training, expanded healthcare 
access, improved safety and infrastructure, made housing 
more affordable for teachers and expanded broadband access 
across the Permian Basin. The PSP’s investments include, but 
are not limited to:
    Skillpoint Alliance Career Readiness Programs  
($2.6 million)
    Cal Ripken Elementary School STEM Centers  
($7.5 million)
    Midland College Teacher Excellence and Pre-K Lab  
($10 million)
    UTeach (STEM educator preparation) ($1.9 million) 
    Texas Tech Surgery Residency and Sub-Specialty 
Program ($12.8 million)
    Permian Basin Counseling and Guidance ($2.3 million)
    Hobbs (New Mexico) Career Technical Education 
Program ($10 million)
    America’s Warrior Partnership ($1.3 million)
In 2022, Devon connected the PSP with our community 
STEM partner, the Ripken Foundation. As a result, the 
PSP approved a plan to add a fully equipped STEM center 
in 134 Permian Basin elementary schools, touching over 
60,000 students and 2,000 teachers in 22 counties. The 
PSP believes its $7.5 million investment in STEM centers 
and STEM training for teachers will ultimately inspire 
young learners across the Permian Basin to explore careers 
in STEM fields. We’re excited that our longstanding 
relationship with the Ripken Foundation will have a lasting 
positive impact on education in the Permian Basin.
Devon is proud to be a leader in this industry coalition that 
is giving Permian Basin communities the tools and resources 
they need to benefit from being a state, national and global 
focal point for energy development.

Devon’s future employees must have strong 
technical know-how and creative problem-solving 
skills to help us deliver affordable oil and natural gas 
in an environmentally and socially responsible way. 
We believe investing in education can help us build the 
workforce we need to achieve our technology leadership goals 
and our vision of diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). Our 
social investments are focused on building student capabilities 
in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math). We’re 
particularly interested in increasing the representation of girls, 
minorities and rural communities in STEM fields. These groups 
are a growing part of the workforce whose talents will be 
needed to fill the increasing number of STEM-related jobs at 
Devon and in our industry.
STEM
54 
Inspiring innovation and imagination
Underscoring our STEM commitment
Making progress in STEM is one of Devon’s community giving goals on our annual corporate performance scorecard 
that determines bonus compensation for Devon employees. In 2022, we surpassed our STEM targets, which contributed 
to a scorecard score of 160% for ESG & Community Engagement and the company’s overall performance score of 165%.
 Goal Target Outcome
   500 classrooms 1,900 classrooms
  50,000 students 100,000 students
  1,000 teachers 2,500 teachers
Our 2023 scorecard goal is to strategically enhance STEM education by supporting 110,000 students and  
2,700 teachers.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
As technology for our industry rapidly evolves and transforms 
our company, people with diverse backgrounds and new 
ways of looking at problems can help us innovate. We 
need technology solutions to drill and produce oil and gas 
efficiently, achieve our aggressive emissions reduction targets 
and improve safety. At the same time, we’re committed to
addressing racial and social inequality wherever it is found. 
Our investments in STEM education support progress in
both of these important areas.
To direct our philanthropic investments to the most promising 
programs, Devon partners with qualified organizations that 
have a track record in STEM to identify community needs 
and solutions. Our partners include the Oklahoma City 
Public Schools (OKCPS) Foundation and other nonprofits, 
as well as teachers and administrators from several school 
districts. Insights from our stakeholder conversations guide 
us to provide resources and materials to implement programs 
aimed at empowering groups that have been underserved in 
the past.
Expanding our STEM model
Devon has supported STEM education with grants to teachers 
and school programs, investments in STEM centers and 
contributions to STEM-focused programs for over a decade. 
We significantly enhanced our STEM capabilities in 2019 by 
convening local and national nonprofits, corporations and 
private foundations to develop a new STEM model. 
One of our partners, the Cal Ripken, Sr. Foundation, has been 
a driving force in changing how students and families interact 
with STEM resources in schools and communities. The Ripken 
Foundation transforms outdated school rooms into state-of-
the-art STEM resource spaces where STEM learning becomes 
increasingly integrated into children’s education. Teachers 
receive training and STEM resources to inspire students 
and increase their understanding of basic circuitry, coding, 
robotics, engineering and more.
Our first STEM center was created in 2004 at Mark Twain 
Elementary School, Devon’s long-time partner school in 
Oklahoma City. Recognizing that parent involvement helps 
determine student success, we further enhanced Twain’s 
capabilities in 2021 by adding STEM camps where families 
work on STEM challenges together. Parents and students 
get hands-on experience with CAD (computer-aided design), 
welding, construction and math. Families can also access food 
banks and other social services at the camps, as well as get 
produce from a community garden. The program is so popular 
that there’s a waiting list to join it. 
We’re committed to helping students explore innovative 
tools and understand high-tech topics at a young age. Based 
on the success of the STEM model at Twain, we continue to 
expand STEM resources in other areas where we operate. 
Strategic enhancement of STEM  
education by supporting:
Helping STEM centers thrive
Because technology evolves quickly, STEM centers 
need the latest and greatest equipment. We surprised 
every Devon STEM lab in 2022 with Sphero BOLT 
Coding Robots and a gift card to help restock 
batteries, filament for 3D printers and other STEM 
center materials. The surprise boxes were delivered to 
STEM teachers at the schools to help students stay on 
the cutting edge of scientific advancement.
United Nations member states adopted 17 Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
Education is an integral component of sustainable development, providing the platform for meaningful employment, 
economic growth and technological innovation. Jobs that require a foundation in STEM are increasing annually; however, 
many underrepresented populations lack access to educational resources in these fields of study. Through partnerships 
with local foundations, schools and others, Devon seeks to provide early exposure to STEM by supplying resources for, and 
integrating experiences into, children’s education. In doing so, Devon endeavors to align with the United Nations goal to 
ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all.
By year-end 2022, Devon had opened 120 STEM centers in 
elementary schools in Oklahoma City; Kingfisher, Oklahoma; 
Douglas, Wyoming; Cuero, Texas; Carlsbad and Roswell, New 
Mexico; and 47 STEM centers in Tulsa, Oklahoma – one in 
each elementary school. Ripken STEM centers opened in 
2022 included the first two in North Dakota, one in Dickinson 
and one at Edwin Loe Elementary School in New Town, the 
first-ever Ripken STEM center on tribal land. In 2022, we also 
launched STEM labs for all middle schools in OKCPS. 
In 2023, we plan to launch our first middle school STEM 
lab in New Mexico and open a total of 17 STEM centers in 
elementary schools in El Reno, Oklahoma, Dickinson, North 
Dakota, and Cuero, Texas. Devon will also be opening an 
elementary school STEM center in every primary school on 
the MHA reservation, and the first adaptive STEM center for 
special needs children at Special Care in Oklahoma City.

55 
STEM continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
STEM challenges
STEM Signing Day
Devon is partnering with Boeing to celebrate students who commit 
to study STEM in college. Similar to sports signing days, our STEM 
signing day honors students from across the state who plan to 
pursue degrees in fields such as electrical engineering, aerospace and 
biomedical. More than 20 outstanding students were selected for the 
2022 class of honorees.
SportsLab
This multi-year partnership with the University 
of Tulsa, University of Oklahoma, and Oklahoma 
State University exposes students to the science, 
technology, engineering and math behind their 
favorite sports. Launched in 2022, SportsLab use athletics to enhance 
comprehension of scientific concepts like physics and velocity. 
Students are empowered to improve their performance by better 
understanding the science behind sports. SportsLabs are held at 
game-day fan fests, as well as half-day workshops and other venues 
throughout the state.
Design + Do
Since 2018, Devon has given fifth graders a hands-on opportunity to 
have fun and build STEM skills while solving problems. The children 
come together at the University of Oklahoma Tom Love Innovation 
Hub to design and build prototype parade floats using 3D printers, 
laser cutters and other materials. They then present their creations  
to a panel of judges.
Ripken STEM Grant
Our signature STEM program has made more than $1 
million in grants to educators in our U.S. operating 
areas in the past eight years. In the Oklahoma City 
area, Devon’s STEM investments improved access 
to educational opportunities for more than 88,000 K-12 students. 
In addition, more than 30 Devon grant programs have enabled 
Oklahoma teachers to enhance their instructional time with students.
STEM Lesson Challenge
The Ripken Foundation and Devon in 2022 challenged educators and 
STEM mentors to create and submit original STEM lessons using any 
of the tools in the Ripken STEM Center. The challenge awards selected 
winners with a piece of the $5,000 prize pool. In addition to using the 
tools, lessons were reviewed for content and creativity and had to follow 
the Next Generation Science Standards. New lessons built through the 
program will be available to all Ripken Centers nationwide.
Devon Thunder partnership
We’ve had a long partnership with the Oklahoma 
City Thunder, whose popularity and visibility 
help extend the reach of our STEM program. Our 
joint Explorers program engages young people 
in STEM activities that explore the science of basketball, and gives 
special recognition to students who complete STEM challenges. Our 
programs include Math Hoops, which engages students in the science 
behind basketball with a fun board game competition.
Community STEM programs 
Devon collaborates with schools and community organizations to enhance access to STEM education.  
We support innovative STEM programs, especially when they highlight local culture and opportunities  
to inspire young people to pursue STEM subjects. 
National STEM Lesson Challenge
Two teachers from the Oklahoma City area won the first-ever 
national STEM Lesson Challenge hosted by the Cal Ripken, Sr. 
Foundation and Devon. For the challenge, teachers built original 
lessons around educational tools already found in their Ripken 
STEM centers. Judged on educational content and creativity, the 
lessons had to follow the Next Generation Science Standards 
and the foundation’s provided STEM center lesson template. The 
winning lesson plans will be used in STEM curriculum in centers 
installed in 19 states by the Ripken Foundation.
Partner school wins national STEM Challenge
Students at Mark Twain Elementary School, Devon’s partner 
school in Oklahoma City, won the Ripken Foundation’s annual 
national STEM Challenge in 2022 by using the state-of-the-art 
tools in their STEM center. One of the school’s two competing 
teams won the competition by creating a multi-level board 
game called “The Rubber Duck Cleans Up Muck.” The students’ 
STEM know-how and creative use of STEM tools show how 
Devon’s investment in installing STEM centers in elementary 
schools across our operating areas can help unlock students’ full 
potential. Twain was the first school to receive a Ripken STEM 
Center almost 20 years ago.
Southwest Airlines and XTO Energy are joining Devon and the 
Ripken Foundation as sponsors for the engineering-focused 2023 
STEM Challenge. Students will use STEM resources in their STEM 
centers to solve a problem and win a chance to fly to Baltimore 
and attend a baseball game with Cal Ripken’s team, the Orioles.
Devon connected the Permian Strategic Partnership (PSP) and the Ripken 
Foundation, which resulted in the PSP approving a plan to add a fully equipped 
STEM center in 134 Permian Basin elementary schools. The PSP has earmarked 
funding to measure the impacts of the enhanced STEM opportunities on student 
progress, and we look forward to tracking the results over time.

Girl Scouts
Devon is a long-time partner of the Girl Scouts of 
Western Oklahoma and a lead contributor to Camp 
Trivera, an urban STEM camp. Campers learn STEM 
skills, get leadership opportunities and learn the Girl Scout mission to 
build girls of courage, confidence and character.
We created the Devon Terra Trooper patch for the Western Oklahoma 
Council  in 2015, expanding it to southeastern New Mexico in 2020 and 
Tulsa in 2021. Devon geologists and engineers developed the program  
to engage girls in earth sciences, geology and related topics using  
age-appropriate STEM activity kits and leader guides. By year-end  
2022, more than 2,200 girls had earned the patch for completing a 
STEM activity.
Oklahoma City Dodgers MVP Program
Devon cosponsors this program with the Triple-A 
affiliate of MLB’s Los Angeles Dodgers to recognize and 
reward outstanding third and fourth graders for their 
science and math achievements. Students from over 400 Oklahoma 
City classrooms are selected to receive tickets to a Dodgers game and 
the opportunity to attend the MVP Field Day featuring STEM activities. 
Teachers also receive free tickets to an Oklahoma City Dodgers game 
where MVPs are honored.  
Southwest Alliance for Girls’ Enrichment (SAGE)
This week-long SAGE camp is designed to empower 
girls to think about themselves as future scientists, 
mathematicians and computer specialists. Campers 
take interactive field trips to explore various Devon departments where 
STEM learning has led our professionals to rewarding careers. In 2022, 
Devon interns volunteered at the SAGE STEAM camp at Southwestern 
Oklahoma State University, where they saw the girls’ eagerness to learn 
while provided guidance during the competition.
FFA Agriscience Fair
Our partnership with the Oklahoma and Wyoming 
FFA encourages students to consider the intersections 
of the agriculture and oil and gas industries. Select 
students from both states excelled at the 2022 
National FFA Convention, bringing home first place in five of the overall 
36 judged categories with an additional 16 projects receiving gold 
ranking, the highest available at the national contest.
FIRST Robotics
We’ve been a sponsor of the Oklahoma FIRST Robotics 
regional finals since 2017. The six-week competition 
pairs teams of young people from across Oklahoma 
with local engineers, professors and business 
professionals to solve engineering design problems. FIRST (which stands 
for “For the Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology”) is 
a nonprofit founded in 1989 to inspire young people to join the field of 
science and technology.
COSTEMA
The mission of the Central Oklahoma STEM Alliance 
is to enhance STEM education. Devon supports 
COSTEMA’s STEM Leadership Academy, a virtual 
event that inspires educators by providing professional development 
opportunities centered around personal leadership, hands-on learning 
and peer engagement. The educators explore STEM learning and family 
engagement, with all their STEM learning culminating in the Scissortail 
Kite Festival.
Inspired by Science Camp
In partnership with the Carlsbad Community 
Foundation, Devon hosts a one-week STEM-focused 
summer camp for third through fifth graders 
throughout the Permian Basin region. Students 
identified as disadvantaged by school counselors receive free admission. 
The campers are exposed to STEM-related careers, and learn how to solve 
problems and apply critical-thinking skills during hands-on activities.
Balloon Explorium 
The Paper Takes Flight event combines the fun of 
hot-air ballooning with an education in the science of 
energy for all fifth graders enrolled in Artesia Public 
Schools in New Mexico. Students work together to 
build six-foot balloon envelopes from tissue paper that will launch using 
heat energy. This engaging, hands-on activity focused on engineering, 
math and thermodynamics expands on classroom curriculum.
Jal, New Mexico, School Rocketry Program
In this annual competition, Devon pays for students to 
travel to Houston to present their rocket designs to a 
team from NASA.
56 
student engagements at Mark Twain Elementary, 
Devon’s partner school in Oklahoma City
5,100
hours of STEM engagement at Mark Twain Elementary  
>8,000
of participants in Devon STEM 
programs were female *
72%
STEM continued
STEM programs in our operating areas (continued)
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
* For programs measured
minority students served in Devon STEM programs *
21,000

Vital social services and opportunities to enjoy 
arts, culture and nature help make our communities 
vibrant. Devon’s investments in community 
enrichment align with our value to make a positive 
and sustainable impact.
Devon is a leading contributor to nonprofit  
organizations in our operating communities.
Philanthropy
57 
Enhancing quality of life
Arts, culture and nature
We’re committed to supporting the visual and performing 
arts that help make our hometown of Oklahoma City a lively 
and appealing place to live, work and play. Devon funds 
a variety of local arts and culture organizations, including 
the Oklahoma City Ballet, Arts Council of Oklahoma City, 
Oklahoma City Museum of Art, National Cowboy and 
Western Heritage Museum, and Lyric Theater. We also hold  
an annual fundraising campaign for Allied Arts to support 
more than 40 local arts organizations.
We participate in the annual National Public Lands Day in 
New Mexico, a project to repair and restore public recreation 
areas, and Ducks Unlimited’s Southern Prairies and Playas 
initiative for sustainable water resources and healthy 
wetland habitats in southeast New Mexico. Playas can be 
an important part of a sustainable approach to securing 
water for communities, as well as a primary habitat for many 
wildlife species. Devon employees in the Permian Basin 
support on-the-ground conservation projects focused on 
playa restoration, including engineering and design, project 
administration and other activities involved in delivering 
conservation work.
In 2022, we marked our 15th year contributing funding and 
volunteers for the Wyoming Conservation Corps (WCC) and 
its programs to improve public lands in the state. Devon 
is also a long-time supporter of The Oklahoma Nature 
Conservancy and its focus on sharing the love of nature 
and conservation throughout the state. We contribute to its 
ground stewardship activities, including controlled burning 
for range management, invasive species control and scientific 
research. Devon’s donations help stand up operations at the 
newest Blue River preserve, Oka’ Yanahli, which encompasses 
3,600 acres of native prairie and two miles of river.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Employee Gift Match 
Program
Devon launched our Employee Gift 
Match Program in 2022 to amplify 
employees’ support of nonprofit 
organizations that reflect their 
personal interests, passions and 
pursuits. Devon matches individual 
contributions through the program 
up to $10,000 per employee. During 
2022, 336 employees donated to 274 
different nonprofits for a total of 
$1.24 million donated and matched. 
$1.7 MILLION
Our primary annual philanthropic 
event, the Give for Good campaign, 
raised $1.7 million in employee 
donations and Devon’s match in 
2022. The Top Gun theme sparked 
creative fundraising, employee 
engagement and vendor involvement 
benefiting the United Way and food 
banks across the company.
Investing in the arts
Devon continued our two decades of support for Lyric Theatre of Oklahoma’s annual production of A Christmas Carol by 
donating $1 million for new costumes and a set for the 2023 production. This investment in the state’s official theatre will 
enhance the holiday experience for Oklahoma families and the performers for years to come.

58 
Philanthropy continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Oklahoma City organizations that were new to our grant 
program in 2022 are: 
Calle Dos Cinco in Historic Capitol Hill ($5,000) to help 
fund a year of volunteer-led community events like Fiestas 
de las Americas and OKCine Latino Film Festival aimed at 
revitalizing the growing Latino community in Capitol Hill. The 
events showcase local artists and promote cultural pride and 
belonging in the Latino community.
Central Oklahoma American Indian Health Council 
($10,000) to assist in providing hearing aids to adult and 
pediatric patients and reducing the needs for patients to  
travel to the clinic.
Cristo Rey Oklahoma City Catholic High School ($62,500) 
for a work-study program at Devon’s offices for students with 
limited resources.
Freedom City ($5,000) for core programs at F.D. Moon 
Middle School, including Freedom Girls for career exploration 
and life skills, a caregiver support group and in-school 
mentoring.
Girl Scouts of Western Oklahoma ($7,500) to help create a 
DEI council of local scouts, fund staff resources and expand 
DEI training opportunities.
India Association of Oklahoma ($5,000) to help host the 
India Food & Arts Festival highlighting Indian arts, crafts, 
music, dance and cuisine, free of charge to Oklahomans.
Latino Community Development Agency ($12,500) 
to relaunch the Latino Leadership Club Program and its 
leadership and education opportunities for local Latino 
students.
Inclusion and Equity Grants
We want to make a real difference in people’s lives, and we 
listen to stakeholders to find the most effective programs 
to meet community needs. We created the Devon Inclusion 
and Equity Grants to put our diversity, equity and inclusion 
(DEI) beliefs into action with community organizations we’d 
never worked with before. In 2021, we awarded $100,000 to 
our first nine new partner organizations in Oklahoma City, 
identified with the help of our employee-led DEI Team.
In 2022, we added 11 new, diverse partners in Oklahoma 
City and continued supporting several 2021 grant recipients. 
We also made our first grants to four organizations in the 
Delaware Basin. Our Inclusion and Equity Grants totaled 
$268,000 in 2022. To hold ourselves accountable for 
expanding the reach of our DEI charitable programming, 
we set and met a 2022 company scorecard goal to cultivate 
relationships with a number of DEI-focused organizations. In 
2023, we’ll make grants in all of our operating areas.
Northeast Oklahoma City Renaissance ($5,000) for the 
annual oNE OKC street festival to represent the vision of 
Northeast Oklahoma City’s future and engage the community.
Oklahoma Center for Community and Justice ($5,000) 
for its OKC Youth Leadership Forum to engage high school 
students in powerful conversations about race relations in 
Oklahoma and help them advocate for positive change.
Servants Basketball Club to help area minority youth 
travelling for the organization’s programs by providing a 
vehicle.
StitchCrew ($20,000) to support the launch of a 
comprehensive Business Growth Program to help minority-led 
women business owners reach scale.
Devon is making Inclusion and Equity Grants to the 
following Oklahoma City organizations for the second 
consecutive year:
Foundation for OKC Public Schools (OKCPS) ($25,000) 
for financial and academic support for paraprofessionals of 
color already working in OKCPS to finish college and earn 
their teaching certification, without any debt. Upon successful 
completion of the program, they commit to serve as full-time 
teachers in OKCPS for three years. 
Oklahoma City Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday Parade 
($500) for participation fees.
Restore OKC ($20,000) to assist with funding The Market 
at EastPoint, a community-led grocery store in Northeast 
Oklahoma City. Restore OKC pays a third party to manage the 
store, but all jobs inside the store will be filled by Restore Jobs, 
which provides jobs to single mothers.
Urban League ($20,000) to support the social justice 
program, part of its efforts to promote equality and equity for 
African Americans.
We’re proud to make our first Inclusion and Equity 
Grants in the Delaware Basin to these organizations: 
Your Safe Space ($10,000) to support a mentoring program 
in Hobbs, New Mexico, for young boys without a male figure 
in their home. 
Changing Lives Coalition ($2,500) for an after-school 
program providing meals, creative outlets, mentoring and 
other services for 15 students in sixth through ninth grade in 
Artesia, New Mexico.
Martin Luther King Jr. Foundation ($5,000) to fund new 
STEM programming for up to 25 at-risk youth in Carlsbad, 
New Mexico, including hiring retired teachers and subject 
matter experts to provide hands-on learning opportunities.
MyPower ($7,500) to support mentoring circles for roughly 
200 fifth-grade girls in Lea County, New Mexico, to empower 
them to successfully navigate their teen years.

59 
Philanthropy continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Community partner brings healthy foods and 
jobs to Oklahoma City neighborhoods
We’ve been growing our relationship with RestoreOKC 
since it was one of Devon’s first Inclusion and Equity Grant 
recipients in 2021. RestoreOKC is focused on improving the 
health, community and equality in Northeast Oklahoma 
City. Our partnership developed around the organization’s 
Market at EastPoint, a community-led grocery store that 
provides access to fresh and healthy foods and jobs for 
individuals living in minority-populated neighborhoods. The 
Market served over 22,000 people in 2022. RestoreOKC’s 
impressive urban farm supplies fresh items to the Market 
and healthy food access programs to local neighborhoods. 
In addition to the $45,000 we’ve granted to RestoreOKC 
since 2021, Devon has committed additional funds to bolster 
the farm’s infrastructure to allow expanded production and 
program growth in 2023 and beyond.

Operating our business in a way that is consistent 
with human rights expectations is Devon’s 
responsibility, aligns with our core values and  
is a consideration in all relevant business decisions, 
plans and activities.
We strongly endorse the Universal Declaration of Human 
Rights’ recognition that the inherent dignity of all members 
of the human family is the foundation of freedom, justice 
and peace. Our core values embrace both social progress 
and economic growth, consistent with the United Nations 
Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, as well as 
the commitment to empower others. We’re guided by the 
principles articulated in the International Labor Organization’s 
(ILO) Declaration of Fundamental Principles and Rights at 
Work, including the prohibition on child labor, forced labor 
and discrimination in the workplace. Devon’s commitment 
to protect human rights is reflected in our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics (code), Corporate Giving Policy, Supplier 
Qualification Requirements and Environmental, Health and 
Safety (EHS) Philosophy.
As a U.S.-based company, Devon complies with all federal and 
state requirements to protect human rights and ensure the 
rights of indigenous peoples in the U.S. We are committed 
to the health and safety of our employees, contractors and 
communities, and to being a responsible steward of the air, 
land, water and biodiversity value across our operations. 
Human Rights
60 
Respect and dignity
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Social        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
We actively engage with community members where we 
operate to understand the safety, environmental and human 
rights impacts of our operations. When assessing and 
addressing these impacts, we consult with those who may be 
affected, including indigenous peoples, where possible and 
appropriate. Devon takes proactive steps to maintain positive 
and productive relationships with indigenous communities, 
source indigenous businesses for local employment needs, 
and invest back into indigenous communities. We respect 
the significance of indigenous heritage and culture. Where 
appropriate, we engage third parties to help assess our 
projects to prevent impact to cultural sites and sensitive 
wildlife habitat, and our internal Biodiversity Council works  
to preserve or restore biodiversity value.
We’re committed to supporting and strengthening vibrant, 
safe and educated communities where we operate. Through 
our Corporate Giving Policy, we focus our resources where  
we can have the greatest impact and on programs that align 
with our business goals and values. Working to improve 
the overall quality of life where we do business makes our 
communities stronger.
Devon employees are required to follow our code, which 
provides guidance on human rights issues such as non-
discrimination, anti-harassment and equal employment 
opportunities. Our vendors and suppliers are expected to 
adopt and adhere to human rights standards, including those 
in our standard supplier agreements, and we reserve the right 
to audit our vendors’ performance in this area. 
Our Ethics and Compliance Helpline is available at all times 
for any stakeholder to report concerns and potential violations 
of our code, including any adverse human rights impacts. 
We will investigate, address and respond to any concerns 
with the utmost attention. For more on our helpline, see the 
governance section.
Devon evaluates ways to enhance 
awareness of human rights  
issues and engages with our  
key stakeholders to continue 
improving our approach. 
DEVON’S STATEMENT 
ON HUMAN RIGHTS

The Workforce section of our 2023 
Sustainability Report includes:
Overview 62
Our Employee Experience 63
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 66
Workforce
Empowering our people to contribute 
their best every day
Resource Links:      
      Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
       Mission Statement, Vision Statement  
and Core Values
      Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Vision
      2022 EEO-1 Report
61 
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Workforce

LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT
    Increased professional and leadership learning 
opportunities grounded in Devon’s values and 
employee feedback.
EMPLOYEE WELL-BEING
    Enhanced our paid time off practices to  
encourage and support employees to take  
time off for health, personal and family needs.
    Further improved access to mental health 
resources through virtual counseling and a 
dedicated digital mental health platform, and 
continued our focus on mental health in field 
safety engagements.
    Provided inflation relief by increasing salaries 
2% for all employees below the vice president 
level and by offering a medical premium holiday 
through 2024.
DIVERSITY, EQUITY AND INCLUSION
    Progressed a wide range of policies and 
programs to reduce bias and improve equity 
and consistency. These included creating 
leadership development, training and mentoring 
opportunities, as well as expanding diversity, 
equity and inclusion (DEI) programming to all 
employees.
Overview
62 
We’re living our values to support each other, have courage and 
value diversity as we seek to make a positive and sustainable 
impact. Devon strives to be a caring and connected company 
where employees feel they are heard, seen and valued, and have 
opportunities to contribute and grow. 
Devon supports individual, team and company progress with 
family-friendly workplace practices, wellness programs, and 
opportunities to make decisions and be accountable for results. 
We communicate proactively with employees about our goals 
and performance, and we seek employees’ input and act on their 
feedback. We’re working to cultivate inclusive, diverse, equitable 
and respectful communities inside and outside our company.
Advancing pay equity
To build the workforce we need, 
we must offer equitable pay and 
opportunities across the company. 
We measure our performance and 
look for ways to further align our 
practices with our aspirations. 
     Peer employee pay equity 
The salaries of female and 
minority employees are, 
on average, positioned 
equivalently (+/-2% relative 
to the applicable pay grade) 
to those of male and non-
minority peers.
    Employee base pay 
compensation 
100% of employees make 
more than $19/hour 
and receive an annual 
performance bonus and long-
term incentives.
Devon sets high standards for operational, financial and ESG performance to meet our 
stakeholders’ expectations, and our employees consistently deliver results. Guided 
by our principles of fairness, opportunity and the chance for every employee to fully 
participate and be heard, we strive to create a work environment where people give 
their best effort every day.
The United Nations has established 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs).  
They’re part of a globally agreed-upon action plan for organizations seeking to 
provide affordable energy, produced responsibly to protect the environment, while 
also promoting peace and prosperity for all people. In this report, we have identified 
a variety of Devon’s business activities that align with the U.N. SDGs. In the 
workforce section, look for:
Gender Equality 
page 66
Good Health and Well-being 
page 65
Workforce Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
2020 2021 2022
Headcount (total company) 2,022 1,6452 1,8602
Minorities as a Percentage of Workforce 1 21% 22% 22%
Women as a Percentage of Workforce 1 27% 24% 23%
Women in the organization declined by 3% in 2021 primarily related to the WPX merger and location of Devon’s 
corporate headquarters in Oklahoma City. For WPX employees in Tulsa, a lesser percentage of females were 
willing to relocate than males.
Minorities as a Percentage of Leadership 13% 15% 17%
Women as a Percentage of Leadership 20% 15% 16%
Women in leadership declined by 5% in 2021 primarily related to the WPX merger and location of Devon’s 
corporate headquarters in Oklahoma City. For WPX employees in Tulsa, a lesser percentage of females were 
willing to relocate than males.
Years of Service
Less than 5 years (percent of headcount) 33% 36% 41%
5-9 years 41% 38% 32%
10-14 years 14% 15% 15%
15-19 years 7% 8% 9%
20-24 years 3% 2% 2%
25+ years 2% 1% 1%
Median Age 40 40 40
Attrition Rate 3% 5% 4%
1  As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission.
2 Marginal difference compared to total headcount 
in EEO-1 due to timing for the calculations.
Taking Action
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
    Increased transparency by disclosing our annual 
U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) 
Report for details on our workforce by race, 
ethnicity and gender across EEO Commission 
(EEOC) job categories.
    Met our corporate performance scorecard goal 
to develop new relationships with charitable 
organizations involved in DEI programming.

Ways to Learn
Technical
On-the-Job
Professional Leadership
Technology
Coaching & 
Mentoring
Instructor-led
Online & 
On Demand
Skills to Learn
Ways to Learn
At Devon, we listen to our employees. We value our 
people and invest in their success. Devon focuses 
on providing personally and professionally fulfilling 
careers, meaningful benefits and compensation, and 
a sense of belonging and inclusion. Our workforce is 
central to and drives our long-term success. We are 
at our best when all employees are heard, valued and 
included.
Employee-focused learning opportunities
One of our values is to keep learning and challenging 
ourselves and each other to be the best and deliver results. 
In recent years, our employee development was focused 
on coaching, mentoring and ongoing conversations to help 
employees focus on what they need to do to make an impact 
every day. 
To build upon these actions and incorporate feedback from 
employees, in 2022 we refreshed our professional and 
leadership learning strategy, and corresponding offerings. 
Feedback was gathered through two all-employee pulse 
surveys and a learning needs assessment with a representative 
group of leaders and employees.
Our refreshed strategy directly responds to employees’ desire 
to develop a variety of professional, technical and leadership 
development skills, and different ways to develop them. 
Devon’s learning ecosystem provides individualized learning 
paths that balance learners’ needs with the company’s 
business priorities. For effective learning, it provides externally 
supported content and facilitation. Devon leaders support 
learning with coaching, feedback and on-the-job application. 
Partnering with Harvard Corporate Learning, Oklahoma State 
University and the University of Oklahoma, our development 
opportunities are focused on:
    Leadership training to build and reinforce fundamental 
leadership skills at the front line and mid-level, and 
inclusive leadership awareness and skills.
    Professional training to build business and financial 
acumen and technology skills.
    Executive coaching with specific development objectives 
for improving individual and organizational performance.
    Employee and 360-degree feedback to equip leaders  
to interpret and take action on feedback.
A key component of the ecosystem is the Learner’s Network, 
which supports employees’ two most preferred ways to 
learn: in-person, instructor-led delivery and one-on-one 
conversations with peers. Learning and development specialists 
and technical subject matter experts in the network assess 
and meet employees’ ongoing variety of learning needs related 
to technology, engineering, business analysis, environmental, 
health and safety (EHS) and other skills.
Our Employee Experience
63 
Investing in our employees
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Devon’s learning and 
development approach
of employee respondents  
identified business and  
financial acumen as the  
most important skills.
70%
preferred way to  
learn: in-person and 
instructor-led training.
#1
Coaching &  
Feedback  
Conversations 
Most requested type of  
leadership development.
What Devon employees want from learning and development
Developing a variety of skills through different ways of learning
Listening to employees and acting on their feedback
Devon surveys our employees periodically to understand their 
work experiences and continuously improve how we support 
team performance. In a survey conducted in early 2023, 84% 
of our employees responded to questions on engagement, 
culture, career development, inclusion and diversity, 
psychological safety and work/life balance.
 
Overall employee engagement was 82%, seven points higher 
than the global benchmark. Employees gave the highest 
scores to leadership commitment to building an inclusive 
workplace, their understanding of our priorities and how 
they can help their teams, and confidence in receiving 
mental health support. The lowest scores related to career 
advancement.
 
We take this feedback seriously and provide dashboards to 
help team leaders review, share and act on team-specific 
findings. Our human resources group is also reviewing the 
results to identify companywide trends and opportunities for 
improvement. We plan to survey employees in fall 2023 to 
compare results on baseline items, gauge our progress and 
keep enhancing the team experience at Devon.

Focus on access to mental  
health resources
Devon has expanded our resources for mental 
health since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic 
highlighted the need. We offer a cognitive 
behavioral therapy program through our medical 
plan to address anxiety, depression, substance 
abuse and other concerns, as well as digital-based 
Talk Space therapy services. In 2022, we created 
a dedicated intranet site that consolidates mental 
health resources in one place to make it easy and 
convenient for employees to find the care they 
need. Based on positive feedback in the field, we 
continue to have honest discussions about mental 
health and share information to encourage our 
workforce to access resources.
Meaningful compensation, benefits and work practices
We value employees who are open and honest, take 
ownership and contribute to our company objectives. To 
cultivate a workforce with these qualities, we start with 
offering equal opportunity in all aspects of employment and 
providing competitive compensation and benefits.
Devon offers equitable pay. Salaries of female and  
minority employees are, on average, positioned equivalently  
(+/-2% relative to the applicable pay grade) to those of male and 
non-minority peers. All Devon employees make more  
than $19 an hour. We encourage a sharp focus on results  
by giving every employee an equity stake in our business 
through annual stock awards and the opportunity to receive  
an annual cash bonus based on meeting corporate goals.  
We measure our performance, benchmark against our industry 
and look for ways to further align our compensation practices 
with our aspirations.
In 2022, with record-high inflation, we took steps to ease 
the financial strain facing many of our employees and their 
families. Halfway through the year, Devon increased salaries 
2% for all employees below the vice president level and 
offered a medical premium holiday through 2024.
Our Employee Experience  continued
64 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Devon takes a values-driven approach to meeting both the 
company’s business objectives and employees’ personal and 
family needs. Our comprehensive benefits include wellness 
programs and an Employee Assistance Program (EAP) that 
provides confidential support on a wide variety of issues to 
employees and their family members. We offer flexible work 
schedules, an alternate work schedule (9/80), part-time work, 
telecommuting and parental paid leave. In 2022, we enhanced 
our practices by updating our paid time off policy to help 
ensure our employees take the time to care for themselves 
and others in their lives. We added four weeks to our Paid 
Family & Medical Leave (PFML) Policy, for a total of up to 26 
weeks of paid medical leave, for an employee’s own medically 
certified health condition and eight weeks of paid maternity 
leave for the birth of a child. In addition, under PFML, 
employees are eligible for up to a maximum of 160 hours of 
paid leave each calendar year for parental leave (including 
adoption and long-term foster 
care placement), leave for care 
of family, bereavement leave 
and compassion leave. We’ll 
continue to adjust our practices 
and policies as needed to care 
for employee needs.
salary increase for all 
employees below the 
VP level to help offset 
inflation.
2%
of employees make  
more than $19/hour. 100%
of employees received 
an annual performance 
bonus and long-term 
incentives.
100%
were added to our Paid 
Family Medical Leave for  
a total of up to 26 weeks.
weeks4
Devon offered a medical 
insurance premium holiday 
for 2022, 2023, and 2024.

Our Employee Experience  continued
65 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
We aim to deliver tools and resources that 
support our employees’ pursuit of healthy 
lives, stability and well-being. Devon 
takes a holistic approach to employee 
wellness, encouraging physical, mental 
and financial health. The Doc, a medical 
clinic we established near our corporate 
headquarters in Oklahoma City, allows 
employees and their families to get a high 
standard of care and personal attention 
with short wait times. Devon’s financial 
wellness program provides confidential 
and unbiased financial guidance and a wide 
range of resources at no cost to employees.
We believe healthy , happy 
employees who feel financially 
secure are more likely to come 
to work ready to give Devon 
their best effort.
of employees earned the maximum 
available participation points to 
receive contributions up to $2,500 to 
their health savings account (HSA).
75%
Cost Decrease
Through prudent management of 
our health plan and high employee 
engagement in our wellness program, 
Devon has kept health care costs 
lower than the national average. 
Over the past seven years, Devon’s 
cost has decreased slightly while 
the national average has increased 
approximately 49%.
Employee wellness
Devon believes in supporting the well-being of our 
employees, who balance multiple roles and responsibilities 
in their personal lives, while delivering results for 
the company. We consider these expectations when 
developing programs that can meaningfully improve our 
employees’ physical, mental and financial well-being.
Since establishing our wellness program in 2012, Devon 
has focused on prevention, convenient tools and 
high-quality programs. This has contributed to strong 
productivity and engagement, low absenteeism and high 
retention rates. Additionally, employee participation in 
wellness programs has been the driver in holding the 
company’s health care cost inflation well below the 
national average.
Employees tell us that our offerings help them improve 
their health and make healthy lifestyle changes. This is 
why we’ve maintained the most effective core programs, 
even during years when we cut costs across the company.
Devon offers wellness resources to enhance well-being, 
including:
    Cost coverage for annual physical exams, annual vision 
screenings, two annual dental exams, colonoscopies, 
mammograms, prostate exams and well-woman 
exams.
    Onsite mammography twice each year at our 
Oklahoma City headquarters.
    The Doc medical clinic located near our headquarters 
where employees and their families can get a high 
standard of care and personal attention with short wait 
times. The Doc offers onsite physical therapy, testing 
and vaccinations, care management focused on chronic 
conditions and other services.
    Onsite gym at our headquarters and free access to 
Wellbeats on-demand classes for all employees.
    Telehealth services.
    Onsite physical exams at our locations in Weatherford, 
Oklahoma, and Hobbs, New Mexico.
    Vaccinations at our field locations.
    Programs for prediabetes, diabetes care, diabetes reversal, 
tobacco cessation and physician-led weight loss.
    Employee Assistance Program (EAP) that offers employees 
and their family members 24/7, free access to experienced 
counselors, financial experts, elder-care consultants and 
other resources.
Tools and strategies for financial wellness
Concerns about debt, retirement and other personal finance 
issues can affect an employee’s sense of well-being. Our 
financial wellness program offers confidential and unbiased 
financial guidance and resources at no cost to employees. 
These include third-party financial assessments and web-
based workshops. Employees can also meet one-on-one 
with a third-party financial expert once a quarter. By keeping 
employees informed about the importance of retirement 
savings, Devon has reached the top of our industry for  
401(k) retirement contributions (99.4% of employees 
participate) and the percentage of paycheck contributions 
(6.5% of paycheck contributed).

It’s part of the Devon culture to value differences, 
include and empower others, and courageously 
address inequity where it exists. We cultivate an 
inclusive, diverse, equitable and respectful  
workplace where our employees can feel a sense 
of belonging. When we bring together diverse 
experiences and challenge ourselves to think 
differently, we believe it leads to innovation  
and creative problem-solving. Devon also engages 
with our communities to understand how we can 
make a difference beyond our workplace. 
66 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
We’re in this together
Inclusion
We believe in relationships 
and will ensure all employees 
feel seen, valued, heard and 
connected.
What DEI means at Devon
Equity
We believe fairness is at the 
core of our culture, policies 
and practices, and strive for all 
employees to have equitable 
access to opportunities.
Diversity
We believe it is foundational to 
Devon’s success that our team 
includes people with a variety 
of backgrounds, perspectives, 
experiences and abilities.
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Most importantly, we are taking action on feedback and 
suggestions from employees. We’re increasing DEI learning 
opportunities that allow employees the chance to contribute 
and grow. Devon’s leadership is also demonstrating an even 
greater commitment to DEI.
As part of this commitment, senior leaders reviewed key 
metrics for hiring, promotions, leadership movement, pay 
equity and other factors at the company and department level. 
They had honest, heartfelt conversations with employee DEI 
leaders about the right things to do to improve DEI at Devon. 
From these conversations, senior leaders formed work groups 
to review and implement actions to improve hiring practices, 
employee benefits, DEI education and leader resources. This 
resulted in expanded paid leave options, more inclusive and 
equitable internal and external selection processes, and plans 
for more frequent improvement discussions.
One of our priorities is to diversify our workforce. We have 
implemented inclusive hiring practices, introduced improved 
interviewing techniques and are increasing our talent 
candidate sourcing capabilities. In addition, our DEI Team 
discussions about the McKinsey & Company Women in the 
Workplace 2022 Study revealed opportunities to make some 
of our policies and practices more family friendly.
Our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) vision is: Every 
person contributing to their fullest and making a positive 
impact every day. To make this a reality, we have active 
participation from our senior leaders and committed volunteer 
leaders and allies. We’re expanding our DEI programming 
to bring more employees into the conversation, build 
understanding and make positive change happen.
    The Devon board of directors endorses our DEI efforts  
and follows our progress closely.
    The DEI Leadership Team of executives and vice presidents 
champions strategies to achieve our vision and supports 
others by coaching, motivating, breaking down barriers  
and listening. 
    The volunteer DEI Team strives to proactively increase 
awareness, identify challenges, and find innovative ways  
to achieve our DEI vision and strategy. 
    Our Human Resources team guides and advises the  
DEI Team with strategic support, tools and resources  
for success.
    We set a corporate scorecard goal to expand the reach 
of our DEI charitable programming by cultivating 
relationships with new organizations in 2022, increasing  
our accountability for DEI progress. 
Devon has been taking a deep and critical look at how we 
fight inequality in the company and our communities since 
racial strife shook our country and workforce in 2020. Our 
exploration of racial and social justice continued in 2021 by 
listening and learning from community DEI thought leaders, 
and engaging more employees in the DEI conversation to 
dispel myths and build awareness. 
United Nations member states adopted 17 
Sustainable Development Goals in 2015. 
In an industry where the majority of 
workers traditionally have been male, 
Devon is taking steps to increase 
women’s participation in the workforce 
and to promote equal opportunities for 
leadership. As Devon looks to the future, 
we are facilitating training, mentoring 
and leadership development for women 
to broaden the company’s access to talent 
and encourage incorporation of diverse 
perspectives. As of June 2023, our board 
included four women (36%) and one 
racially diverse (9%) director, including the 
board chair and the chair of Devon’s Audit 
Committee.
Devon board chair honored as a top woman  
in energy
The highest leadership position at Devon, chair of the board of directors, 
is now held by a woman. Barbara Baumann joined the Devon board in 
2014 and was chair of the GEPP Committee and a member of the Audit 
Committee before being appointed to board chair.
During her career, Baumann has held a variety of management and board 
positions and community leadership roles. Hart Energy selected Baumann 
as one of Oil and Gas Investor’s 25 Influential Women in Energy for 2023, 
based on her professional achievements, demonstrated leadership skills, and service to the industry and community at large.
“Barbara is a bold and adept leader who brings strategic vision, financial acumen and real-life operational knowledge to her role 
as board chair,” said Devon CEO Rick Muncrief. “Her career is an inspiration to up-and-coming women leaders in our industry.”
READ OUR BOARD CHAIR’S MESSAGE

67 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Workforce        
Overview
Environment
Workforce
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Reporting
Policies
    Enhanced Devon’s paid time off policy to provide 
additional time for all employees to take care of 
themselves and their families.
Programs
    Increased DEI learning opportunities through guided 
conversations, book study groups, external speaker events 
and other programming. 
    Implemented recruiting practices to attract diverse 
candidates, recognize and address bias in decision making, 
and create a positive candidate experience.
    Introduced scenario-based discrimination and harassment 
training for all employees focused on speaking up and 
speaking up for others.
    Prepared diverse candidates for advancement with 
leadership development and mentoring opportunities.
    Launched the Women’s Leadership Learning Forum hosted 
by female Devon directors to connect women leaders 
in exploring leadership topics and forming a meaningful 
network to support learning and growth.
    Presented the Leading High Performing Teams series  
on best practices in creating psychological safety, setting 
clear expectations, feedback and development, and 
reducing bias.
    Continued sponsoring the Women’s Energy Network of 
Greater Oklahoma (WEN OK) and Oklahoma Women 
in Tech (WIT), and supporting women at Devon in being 
active participants and leaders in these organizations.  
Our actions in 2022 to be more diverse, equitable and inclusive included: 
Performance
    Increased transparency by disclosing our annual U.S. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) Report for  
details on our workforce by race, ethnicity and gender 
across EEO Commission (EEOC) job categories.
    Made Devon Inclusion and Equity grants to 15 new 
organizations in Oklahoma City and the Permian Basin  
in 2022, based on DEI Team recommendations. We  
also made grants to four organizations for the second  
year and are expanding the program to other operating 
areas. See page 58 for more on our Inclusion and Equity 
Grants program.
Developing tomorrow’s workforce today
Devon’s partnership with Cristo Rey Catholic High School in 
Oklahoma City is an investment in the school, its students 
and our future workforce. Cristo Rey received a Devon 
Inclusion and Equity Grant in 2022 for its work-study 
program for eight students to get real-world work experience 
in our headquarters office. The work-study program also 
accounts for a major part of the private school’s funding to 
further its mission to make affordable, high-quality, faith-
based education available to underserved communities and 
families of limited means.
Cristo Rey students participate during standard business 
hours alongside Devon professionals in our accounting, 
EHS, exploration, mid-continent business unit, information 
technology (IT), marketing and supply chain groups. 
Honoring Our Veterans
Like Devon, the U.S. military values integrity and doing 
the right thing. We were proud to honor the veterans, 
military spouses and military family members in our 
workforce with a special Veteran’s Day ceremony 
in 2022. At the event held outside Devon Tower in 
Oklahoma City, service members were recognized by 
CEO Rick Muncrief and a retired major general, and 
Devon’s recently formed Veteran Honor Guard raised 
the company’s new American flag. The celebration 
included a salute to the armed forces, refreshments and 
music by the Classen SAS High School Band and Choir. 
Each veteran received a framed American flag that was 
properly folded and placed in a branded framed case by 
members of the Choctaw High School Air Force Junior 
Reserve Officer Training Corps.
Senior Arianna Luevano brought skills from four previous 
work-study placements in varied industries to Devon, 
where she worked on an engineering related project. Her 
assignment included a presentation about her experience  
to company employees.  
“ Engineering has always been a top  
study for me, but now I’m looking  
more into it just because of my  
placement this year.” 
                 Arianna Luevano
U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Report
Devon is committed to publicly disclosing our annual EEO-1 
Reports. The report details the company’s U.S. workforce by race, 
ethnicity and gender across job categories established by the U.S. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).
2022 EEO-1 REPORT

68 
Performance Metrics
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
Environment Performance Metrics1
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
1  The environment metrics have been calculated using the best available data at the time of publication. Historical metrics are subject to change as we continuously seek to improve our data 
management practices, data sources and calculation methodologies in order to provide the highest level of transparency, consistency and accuracy. We report environment metrics on an 
operated basis, unless otherwise noted. 
2  We include all reportable emissions under EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) for Devon operated facilities, as well as non-reportable emissions from our production 
assets and, beginning in reporting year 2019, gathering and boosting assets. We calculate emissions intensities using gross production as reported under the EPA GHGRP for all reporting 
segments. Prior year data has been revised to include an additional category of emissions that was not previously reported. 
3  We calculate our Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use (Scope 2) on a location-based methodology using EPA fuel and electricity emissions factors.
4  We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products (Scope 3) on an equity basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon. To estimate our Scope 3 emissions, we rely upon 
IPIECA’s 2016 guidance document Estimating Petroleum Industry Value Chain (Scope 3) Greenhouse Gas Emissions. Per the IPIECA guidance, we report category 11 “Use of Sold Products” 
by calculating combustion emissions for our oil, natural gas and marketed natural gas liquids products using emissions factors obtained from the EPA and net equity production reported in 
Devon’s 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K.
5  Performance is limited to legacy Devon performance only in 2020 and pro-forma Devon + WPX in 2021 and 2022, using net equity production reported in Devon’s 2022 Annual Report on 
Form 10-K for all three years. 
6  Our methane emissions intensity rate calculation includes all natural gas produced at Devon operated facilities and all methane emissions from Devon operated facilities associated with 
the production of oil and natural gas.
    Click here to see Devon’s calculation methodology for methane emissions intensity
7  Our flaring intensity rate calculation includes high-pressure flared volumes associated with the production of oil and natural gas.
8  Our water usage includes all water sources used in completions activities at facilities operated by Devon in 2022.
3   ERM CVS provided limited assurance in relation to Devon’s Total Scope 1 GHG emissions and Total Scope 2 GHG emissions (location-based method) for the reporting period January 1, 
2021 to December 31, 2021. Due to subsequent revision of 2021 GHG emissions data owing to calculation refinements that are more representative of some aspects of our operations 
by including an additional category of emissions, ERM CVS has reassured the revised data for reporting year 2021. For reporting period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, we 
expanded the scope of the limited assurance to include individual GHG constituents (i.e., carbon dioxide, methane and nitrous oxide), GHG emissions intensity, methane emissions 
intensity and flaring intensity.   
Basis of Reporting GHG Emissions  
Independent Assurance Statement
2020   2021 2022
Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) (million tonnes CO 2e)2 4.98 3.953 4.593
 By Constituent
Carbon Dioxide (million tonnes CO2e) 4.36 3.44 4.073
Methane (million tonnes CO2e) 0.62 0.51 0.523
Nitrous Oxide (million tonnes CO2e) 0.003 0.002 0.0023
By Source
Flaring/Venting (million tonnes CO2e) 2.99 2.32 1.88
Combustion (million tonnes CO2e) 1.95 1.60 2.69
Other (million tonnes CO2e) 0.04 0.03 0.02
Indirect GHG Emissions from Electricity Use  (Scope 2 location-based) (million tonnes CO 2e)3 0.32 0.343 0.39 3
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions  (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based)  (million tonnes CO2e)2,3 5.31 4.29 4.98 3
Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and methane emissions increased in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by the acquisition of RimRock and Validus, as well as an uptick in 
combustion-related emissions.
Direct GHG Emissions Intensity  (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 18.19 14.22 15.29 3
Direct and Indirect GHG Emissions Intensity (Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based) (tCO 2e/MBoe)2 19.36 15.44 16.58 3
Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products  (Scope 3) (million tonnes CO2e)4,5 49 84 90
We report indirect emissions from the use of sold products on an equity basis from sources not owned or controlled by Devon; however, it is important to note that Scope 3 
emissions estimates are subject to uncertainty, inconsistency and duplication as further described in the Air Emissions section of this report. 2020 estimated Scope 3 emissions 
are legacy Devon only, while 2021 and 2022 reflects pro-forma Devon + WPX.
Methane Emissions Intensity (Scope 1) (tCO2e/MBoe)2 2.28 1.84 1.72 3
Methane Emissions Intensity - Production Segment  (Scope 1) (% of natural gas produced) 6 0.23% 0.20% 0.19%
Flared Volume  (Bcf) 12.3 6.4 3.8
Flaring Intensity (% of natural gas produced) 7 1.43% 0.93% 0.51% 3
Energy Used - Fuel and Electricity Use  (trillion BTU) 3 31.36 27.18 43.03
EXCEL DOWNLOAD
2020   2021 2022
Water Usage (million Bbl) 8 98 116 126
    Recycled (million Bbl) 37 61 72
    Sourced (million Bbl) 61 54 54
             Fresh (million Bbl) – Newly Reported in 2022 — — 9
Water Usage Intensity (Bbl/Boe produced) 8 0.32 0.42 0.44
Water Usage Intensity (million Bbl/well completion) 8 0.29 0.37 0.35
Water Recycle Rate (recycled water Bbl/water usage Bbl) 8 38% 53% 57%
Devon’s total water use for completions activities varies with activity levels, targeted formations and lateral lengths, and includes fresh, non-fresh and recycled water volumes. 
We seek alternatives to freshwater supplies, where possible.
 Reportable Spill Events Released to the Environment (events) 246 280 413
 Reportable Spill Volumes Released to the Environment (barrels) 4,042 5,705 10,858

69 
Performance Metrics  continued
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
Workforce Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
1  As defined by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
2 Marginal difference compared to total headcount in EEO-1 due to timing for the calculations. EXCEL DOWNLOAD
Governance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
Social Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma for Devon and WPX.
Safety Performance Metrics
*Unless otherwise noted, all data presented is pro forma (Devon + WPX) for U.S. operated assets.
2020 2021 2022
Headcount (total company) 2,022 1,6452 1,8602
Minorities as a Percentage of Workforce 1 21% 22% 22%
Women as a Percentage of Workforce 1 27% 24% 23%
Women in the organization declined by 3% in 2021 primarily related to the WPX merger and location of Devon’s corporate headquarters in Oklahoma City. For WPX employees 
in Tulsa, a lesser percentage of females were willing to relocate than males.
Minorities as a Percentage of Leadership 13% 15% 17%
Women as a Percentage of Leadership 20% 15% 16%
Women in leadership declined by 5% in 2021 primarily related to the WPX merger and location of Devon’s corporate headquarters in Oklahoma City. For WPX employees in 
Tulsa, a lesser percentage of females were willing to relocate than males.
Years of Service
Less than 5 years (percent of headcount) 33% 36% 41%
5-9 years 41% 38% 32%
10-14 years 14% 15% 15%
15-19 years 7% 8% 9%
20-24 years 3% 2% 2%
25+ years 2% 1% 1%
Median Age 40 40 40
Attrition Rate 3% 5% 4%
2020 2021 2022
Social Investments (millions) $5.3 $13.7 $29.6 
In 2022, Devon’s social investments included $17.9 million related to humanitarian support and $4.1 million in one-time gifts for capital projects.
2020 2021 2022
Independent Board Members 82%1 73% 73%
As of June 2023, 10 of our 11 board members (91%) qualify as independent  
under NYSE standards and SEC regulations.
Women Board Members 27%1 27% 27%
As of June 2023, four women (36%) serve on our board of directors, including  
the chair of Devon’s Audit Committee.
Contributions - Trades and Political   (thousands) $2,234 2 $2,520 $4,347
With the increased scale of the company following the Devon-WPX merger,  
Devon’s trade association dues have increased.
Lobbying - Federal and State   (thousands) $7432 $433 $751
Devon’s lobbying and political activity is disclosed via public agencies, as well as  
through the company’s Political Activity and Lobbying Report available on our website.
1  Reflects legacy Devon board composition following the annual election of directors each June.
2 Legacy Devon only.
2020 2021 2022
Fatalities (Employee + Contractor workforce) 2 0 1
Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.43 0.50 0.53
TRIR - Employee 0.36 0.58 0.56
TRIR - Contractor 0.44 0.48 0.53
Serious Incident and Fatality (SIF) Recordable Rate   (Employee + Contractor) 0.11 0.07 0.05
Days Away Restricted Transfer (DART) Incident Rate (Employee + Contractor) 0.20 0.33 0.35
DART Incident Rate - Employee 0.24 0.34 0.17
DART Incident Rate - Contractor 0.19 0.32 0.37
Lost Time Incident Rate (LTIR) (Employee + Contractor) 0.12 0.19 0.15
LTIR - Employee 0.16 0.29 0.11
LTIR - Contractor 0.11 0.17 0.16
Preventable Vehicle Incident Rate (per million miles) 1.19 2.37 1.96
Employee Hours (million) 5.0 4.2 3.6
Contractor Hours (million) 24.8 22.8 26.9

70 Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Reporting        
Reporting Frameworks
TCFD
Recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures (October 2021)
The TCFD seeks to develop recommendations for voluntary climate-related financial 
disclosures as a tool for investors and other stakeholders to assess risks associated with 
climate change. Devon published our fourth Climate Change Assessment Report in 2023,  
a direct result of our ongoing commitment to transparency.
CORE ELEMENT TCFD DISCLOSURE REFERENCE
Governance
 
Disclose the organization’s 
governance around climate 
-related risks and opportunities.
a)  Describe the board’s oversight of climate-
related risks and opportunities.
Climate Change Assessment Report (CCAR), CDP Climate 
Response, Form 10-K, Proxy Statement, Sustainability Report 
(SR)-Message from Our Board, SR-Report Summary,  
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change,  
SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance,  
SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
b)  Describe management’s role in assessing 
and managing climate-related risks and 
opportunities.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Environment Overview, 
SR-Climate Change, SR-Governance Overview, SR-
Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
Strategy
 
Disclose the actual and potential 
impacts of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy, and financial 
planning where such information  
is material.
a)  Describe the climate-related risks and 
opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium, and 
long term.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Climate 
Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
b)   Describe the impact of climate-
related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, and 
financial planning.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Climate 
Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
c)  Describe the resilience of the 
organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower 
scenario.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Climate 
Change, SR-Shareholder Engagement
Risk Management
 
Disclose how the organization 
identifies, assesses, and manages 
climate-related risks.
a)  Describe the organization’s processes  
for identifying and assessing climate-
related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Environment 
Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Corporate Governance, 
SR-Enterprise Risk Management
b)  Describe the organization’s processes  
for managing climate-related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, SR-Air 
Emissions, SR-Climate Change, SR-Enterprise Risk 
Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
c)  Describe how processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related 
risks are integrated into the organization’s 
overall risk management.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Climate Change,  
SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management, SR-Enterprise 
Risk Management
Metrics and Targets 
Disclose the metrics and targets  
used to assess and manage  
relevant climate-related risks  
and opportunities where such 
information is material.
a)  Disclose the metrics used by the 
organization to assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk management process.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, Form 
10-K, Proxy Statement, SR-Report Summary, SR-Performance 
Targets and Progress, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air 
Emissions, SR-Water Management, SR-Performance Metrics
b)  Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if 
appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary,  
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
c)  Describe the targets used by the 
organization to manage climate-related 
risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets.
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, Form 10-K, 
SR-Report Summary, SR-Performance Targets and Progress, SR-
Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
Striving for increased transparency
This report was prepared with content 
correlated to voluntary frameworks and 
standards established by the Task Force 
on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD), IPIECA, Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) and United 
Nations Sustainable Development Goals. 
Devon continues to strive for increased 
transparency on issues that are top-
of-mind for our stakeholders, as we 
believe ESG transparency is important to 
building a sustainable and economically 
competitive company.
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
71 
IPIECA
Sustainability reporting guidance for the oil and gas industry (4th edition, 2020)
The primary framework for this report is the Sustainability reporting guidance for the oil and gas industry developed by 
IPIECA, the American Petroleum Institute (API) and the International Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP). The 
issues and indicators in this guidance have been selected based on industry consensus, together with significant insights 
and suggestions from an independent panel of stakeholders with expertise in the sector and sustainability reporting.
The IPIECA index identifies where the referenced data may be found in this report or other publicly available disclosures.
IPIECA ISSUE INDICATORS REFERENCE
Governance and Business Ethics
Governance and  
Management Systems
GOV-1: Governance approach
Climate Change Assessment Report (CCAR), CDP Climate Response, Form 10-K, Proxy Statement, 
Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Sustainability Report (SR)-CEO 
Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk 
Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement, SR-Public Advocacy
GOV-2: Management systems
Climate Change Assessment Report (CCAR), CDP Climate Response, Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code 
of Business Conduct and Ethics, Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief 
Accounting Officer, SR-About this Report, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Message from Our Baord, SR-Report Summary, 
SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk Management, 
SR-Ethics & Integrity, SR-Emergency Preparedness
Business Ethics and 
Transparency
GOV-3: Preventing corruption Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Form 10-K, Anti-corruption Policy, Code of Ethics for the Chief Executive 
Officer-Chief Financial Officer-Chief Accounting Officer, SR-Ethics and Integrity
GOV-4:  Transparency of payments  
to host governments
Not applicable
GOV-5: Public advocacy and lobbying Political Activity and Lobbying Report, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Public Advocacy,  
SR-Performance Metrics
Climate Change and Energy
Climate Strategy and Risk
CCE-1: Climate governance and strategy
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, EHS philosophy, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Message from Our Board, SR-Report 
Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Governance Overview, SR-Corporate 
Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Shareholder Engagement
CCE-2: Climate risk and opportunities CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, Form 10-K, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary,  
SR-Performance Targets and Progress, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Water Management
Technology CCE-3: Lower-carbon technology CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Performance Targets and Progress, SR-Operations Overview,  
SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Climate Change
Emissions
CCE-4: Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
CCE-5: Methane emissions CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Environment Overview,  
SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Public Advocacy, SR-Performance Metrics
Energy Use CCE-6: Energy use CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
Flaring CCE-7: Flared gas CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-Performance Targets and Progress, SR-Operations 
Overview, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Performance Metrics
Environment
Water
ENV-1: Freshwater
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, CDP Water Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-Performance Targets 
and Progress, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Water Management,  
SR-Performance Metrics
ENV-2: Discharges to water Not Disclosed
Biodiversity
ENV-3: Biodiversity policy and strategy EHS philosophy, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity
ENV-4:  Protected and priority areas  
for biodiversity conservation
EHS philosophy, SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity
IPIECA ISSUE INDICATORS REFERENCE
Environment (cont’d)
Air Emissions ENV-5: Emissions to air CCAR, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions,  
SR-Performance Metrics
Spills ENV-6: Spills to the environment CCAR, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Emergency Preparedness,  
SR-Performance Metrics
Materials Management ENV-7: Materials management CCAR, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Water Management, SR-Waste Management, 
SR-Performance Metrics
Decommissioning ENV-8: Decommissioning Not disclosed
Safety, Health and Security
Workforce Protection
SHS-1: Safety, health and security engagement EHS Philosophy, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Safety Overview,  
SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Cybersecurity, SR-Emergency Preparedness
SHS-2: Workforce and community health Form 10-K, EHS Philosophy, SR-Operations Overview, SR-Water Management, SR-Waste Management, 
SR-Safety & Security Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Our Employee Experience
SHS-3:  Occupational injury and illness 
incidents
SR-Report Summary, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Performance Metrics
SHS-4: Transport safety SR-Workforce Safety
Product Health, Safety  
and Environmental Risk SHS-5: Product stewardship SR-Waste Management, SR-Workforce Safety, Safety Data Sheets, EHS Philosophy  
Devon does not produce petroleum consumer products. 
Process Safety SHS-6: Process safety SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Performance Metrics
Security SHS-7: Security risk management SR-Corporate Governance, SR-Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Cybersecurity,  
SR-Emergency Preparedness
Social
Human Rights  
Management
SOC-1: Human rights due diligence Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Statement on Human Rights, SR-Ethics and Integrity, SR-Human Rights
SOC-2: Suppliers and human rights Statement on Human Rights, Supplier Qualification Requirements, SR-Human Rights
SOC-3: Security and human rights SR-Human Rights
Labor Practices
SOC-4:  Site-based labor practices and  
worker accommodation
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety
SOC-5: Workforce diversity and inclusion EEO-1 Report, Form 10-K, SR-Corporate Governance, SR-STEM, SR-Philanthropy, SR-Workforce Overview, 
SR-Our Employee Experience, SR-Diversity Equity and Inclusion
SOC-6: Workforce engagement Ethics & Compliance Hotline, SR-Workforce Overview, SR-Our Employee Experience
SOC-7: Workforce training and development
SR-Waste Management, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Safety and Security Overview, SR-Workforce Safety,  
SR-Cybersecurity, SR-Ethics & Integrity, SR-Emergency Preparedness, SR-Our Employee Experience,  
SR-Diversity Equity & Inclusion
SOC-8:  Workforce non-retaliation  
and grievance mechanisms
Ethics & Compliance Hotline, SR-Ethics & Integrity, SR-Human Rights
Community Engagement
SOC-9:  Local community impacts  
and engagement
SR-About this Report, SR-CEO Letter, SR-Report Summary, SR-Water Management, SR-Land Conservation 
and Biodiversity, SR-Emergency Preparedness, SR-Public Advocacy, SR-Social Overview, SR-Community 
Engagement, SR-STEM, SR-Philanthropy, SR-Human Rights, SR-Workforce Overview, SR-Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion
SOC-10: Engagement with indigenous peoples Statement on Human Rights, SR-Human Rights, SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity, SR-Community 
Engagement, SR-STEM
SOC-11:  Land acquisition and involuntary 
resettlement
Not Applicable
SOC-12: Community grievance mechanisms Ethics & Compliance Hotline, Statement on Human Rights, SR-Ethics & Integrity, SR-Human Rights
SOC-13: Social investment Corporate Giving Policy, SR-Report Summary, SR-Social Overview, SR-Community Engagement, SR-STEM,
SR-Philanthropy, SR-Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
Local Content
SOC-14:  Local procurement and supplier 
development
SR-Community Engagement, SR-Philanthropy
SOC-15: Local hiring practices Not Applicable
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
72 
SASB
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Sustainability Accounting Standard 
(version 2018-10)
The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) connects businesses and 
investors on the financial impacts of sustainability. SASB’s mission is to help 
businesses around the world identify, manage and report on the sustainability 
topics that matter most to their investors. 
In response to growing investor interest in SASB, we conducted a comparative analysis using SASB 
indicators against our current reporting process. As of 2022, we still rely heavily on CDP Climate, CDP Water 
and our own materiality assessment to determine our top issues and methodologies for reporting. Various 
SASB indicators request different reporting methodologies but use the same underlying raw data that we 
use for our CDP responses. As such, Devon intends to use the SASB materiality profile for the oil and gas 
industry as an additional reference point when assessing the sustainability issues most likely to impact our 
business. We will determine what additional SASB-specific measurements Devon may adopt in the future 
based upon future assessments.
SASB TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions
EM-EP-110a.1 Gross global Scope 1 emissions, percentage methane, percentage covered 
under emissions-limiting regulations
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, Sustainability Report (SR)-Report 
Summary,SR-Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air 
Emissions, SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-110a.2
Amount of gross global Scope 1 emissions from: (1) flared hydrocarbons, (2) 
other combustion, (3) process emissions, (4) other vented emissions, and (5) 
fugitive emissions
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-
Environment Overview, SR-Climate Change, SR-Air Emissions, 
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-110a.3
Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to manage Scope 
1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, and an analysis of performance 
against those targets
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, SR-Report Summary, SR-
Performance Targets and Progress, SR-Climate Change,  
SR-Air Emissions
Air Quality EM-EP-120a.1 Air emissions of the following pollutants: (1) NOX (excluding N2O), (2) SOX,  
(3) volatile organic compounds (VOCs), and (4) particulate matter (PM10) Not Disclosed
Water  
Management
EM-EP-140a.1 (1) Total fresh water withdrawn, (2) total fresh water consumed, percentage of 
each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress
CDP Water Response, SR-Water Management,  
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-140a.2 Volume of produced water and flowback generated; percentage (1) discharged, 
(2) injected, (3) recycled; hydrocarbon content in discharged water
CDP Water Response, SR-Water Management,  
SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-140a.3 Percentage of hydraulically fractured wells for which there is public disclosure 
of all fracturing fluid chemicals used Not Disclosed
EM-EP-140a.4 Percentage of hydraulic fracturing sites where ground or surface water 
quality deteriorated compared to a baseline Not Disclosed
SASB TOPIC CODE ACCOUNTING/ACTIVITY METRIC REFERENCE
Biodiversity  
Impacts
EM-EP-160a.1 Description of environmental management policies and practices  
for active sites
CCAR, CDP Climate Response, GEPP Board Committee Charter, EHS 
Philosophy, SR-Environment Overview, SR-Air Emissions, SR-Land 
Conservation and Biodiversity, SR-Water Management, SR-Waste 
Management, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Governance Overview,  
SR-Enterprise Risk Management
EM-EP-160a.2 Number and aggregate volume of hydrocarbon spills, volume in Arctic, 
volume impacting shorelines with ESI rankings 8-10, and volume recovered SR-Environment Overview, SR-Spill Prevention, SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-160a.3 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near sites with 
protected conservation status or endangered species habitat Not Disclosed
Security, Human 
Rights, and Rights  
of Indigenous 
Peoples
EM-EP-210a.1 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near areas of conflict Not Applicable
EM-EP-210a.2 Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in or near indigenous land Not Disclosed
EM-EP-210a.3 Discussion of engagement processes and due diligence practices with respect 
to human rights, indigenous rights, and operation in areas of conflict
Statement on Human Rights, SR-Land Conservation & Biodiversity, 
SR-Ethics and Integrity, SR-Human Rights
Community  
Relations
EM-EP-210b.1 Discussion of process to manage risks and opportunities associated with 
community rights and interests SR-Social Overview, SR-Community Engagement
EM-EP-210b.2 Number and duration of non-technical delays Not Disclosed
Workforce  
Health  
& Safety
EM-EP-320a.1
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near miss 
frequency rate (NMFR), and (4) average hours of health, safety, and 
emergency response training for (a) full-time employees, (b) contract 
employees, and (c) short-service employees
SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Performance Metrics
EM-EP-320a.2 Discussion of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety 
throughout the exploration and production lifecycle
EHS Philosophy, SR-Report Summary, SR-Operations
Overview, SR-Safety Overview, SR-Workforce Safety
Reserves Valuation  
& Capital 
Expenditures
EM-EP-420a.1 Sensitivity of hydrocarbon reserve levels to future price projection 
scenarios that account for a price on carbon emissions CCAR
EM-EP-420a.2 Estimated carbon dioxide emissions embedded in proved hydrocarbon reserves Not Disclosed
EM-EP-420a.3 Amount invested in renewable energy, revenue generated by renewable 
energy sales Not Applicable
EM-EP-420a.4
Discussion of how price and demand for hydrocarbons and/or climate 
regulation influence the capital expenditure strategy for exploration, 
acquisition, and development of assets
CCAR, Form 10-K
Business Ethics 
& Payments 
Transparency
EM-EP-510a.1
Percentage of (1) proved and (2) probable reserves in countries that 
have the 20 lowest rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption 
Perception Index
Not Applicable
EM-EP-510a.2 Description of the management system for prevention of corruption  
and bribery throughout the value chain Anti-Corruption Policy, SR-Ethics & Integrity
Management of the 
Legal & Regulatory 
Environment
EM-EP-530a.1
Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/
or policy proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting 
the industry
Political Activity and Lobbying Report, SR-Governance Overview, 
SR-Public Advocacy
Critical incident  
risk management
EM-EP-540a.1 Process Safety Event (PSE) rates for Loss of Primary Containment (LOPC) of 
greater consequence (Tier 1) Not Disclosed
EM-EP-540a.2 Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate 
catastrophic and tail-end risks SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Emergency Preparedness
Activity Metrics
EM-EP-000.A
Production of oil Form 10-K
Production of natural gas Form 10-K
Production of synthetic oil Not Applicable
Production of synthetic gas Not Applicable
EM-EP-000.B Number of offshore sites Not Applicable
EM-EP-000.C Number of terrestrial sites Website: https:/ /www.devonenergy.com/operations
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
73 
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOAL REFERENCE
SDG Goal 3 – Good Health and Well-Being SR-Our Employee Experience
SDG Goal 4 – Quality Education  SR-STEM
SDG Goal 5 – Gender Equality SR-Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
SDG Goal 6 – Clean Water and Sanitation SR-Water Management
SDG Goal 7 – Affordable and Clean Energy SR-Climate Change
SDG Goal 8 – Decent Work and Economic Growth SR-Workforce Safety, SR-Human Rights, SR-Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
SDG Goal 13 – Climate Action SR- Enterprise Risk Management, SR-Climate Change
SDG Goal 15 – Life on Land SR-Land Conservation and Biodiversity
SDG Goal 17 – Partnerships for the Goals SR-Air Emissions
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
At Devon, one way we reflect on our role in society is by viewing our work through the lens 
of the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals, or SDGs. The SDGs are the globally agreed-upon 
action plan for providing affordable and clean energy, protecting our planet, and promoting 
peace and prosperity for all people. We identified nine SDGs for which we believe Devon 
makes the greatest contribution. The following table summarizes those nine SDGs and where 
discussion of those topics can be found in this report.
American Exploration & Production Council Framework
The American Exploration and Production Council (AXPC) is a national trade association representing the 
largest independent oil and natural gas exploration and production companies in the United States. To 
promote transparency and consistency in ESG reporting among U.S. upstream exploration and production 
companies, AXPC launched its voluntary ESG Metrics Framework and Template in February 2021. AXPC’s 
framework includes five key metrics groupings – Greenhouse Gas Emissions, Flaring, Spills, Water Use 
and Safety. Note, Devon’s performance data presented in this AXPC framework table may differ in scope, 
definition and methodology from Devon’s reported data elsewhere in this report.
TOPIC METRIC 2020 2021 2022 ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions
Scope 1 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e)  4,971,433  3,925,508  4,578,911
Devon calculates our direct 
(Scope 1) GHG and methane 
emissions by including all 
emissions reported to the 
Environmental Protection Agency 
(EPA) pursuant to the Greenhouse 
Gas Reporting Program (GHGRP) 
for onshore production and 
gathering and boosting assets 
under our operational control, as 
well as emissions subject to the 
GHGRP that fall below the basin-
level reporting threshold. AXPC 
GHG and methane emissions, 
as shown here, include only 
emissions for onshore production 
and gathering and boosting assets 
that are reportable under the 
GHGRP and, therefore, exclude 
emissions that fall below the 
basin-level reporting threshold
Scope 1 GHG Intensity
Scope 1 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e)/Gross Annual Production  
- As Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe)
 18.14  14.14  15.25 
Percent of Scope 1 GHG Emissions Attributed to Gathering 
and Boosting Segment 11% 9% 15%
Scope 2 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e)  320,071  339,086  387,516 
Scopes 1 & 2 Combined GHG Intensity
(Scope 1 GHG Emissions (metric tons CO2e) + Scope 2 GHG 
Emissions (metric tons CO2e))/Gross Annual Production as 
Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe)
19.31 15.36 16.54
Scope 1 Methane Emissions (metric tons CH4 )  24,820  20,319  20,614 
Scope 1 Methane Intensity
Scope 1 Methane Emissions (metric tons CH4)/Gross Annual 
Production - As Reported Under Subpart W (MBoe)
0.09 0.07 0.07
Percent of Scope 1 Methane Emissions Attributed to  
Gathering and Boosting Segment 10% 6% 5%
Flaring
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf)  12,252,612  6,392,007  3,800,918 
Percentage of gas flared per Mcf of gas produced
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf)/Gross  
Annual Gas Production (Mcf)
1.43% 0.93% 0.51%
Volume of gas flared per barrel of oil equivalent produced 
Gross Annual Volume of Flared Gas (Mcf)/Gross  
Annual Production (Boe)
 0.040  0.023  0.013 
Spills
Spill Intensity
Produced Liquids Spilled (Bbl)/Total Produced Liquids (MBbl)  0.044  0.068  0.084 
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Reporting

Reporting Frameworks  continued
74 
American Exploration & Production Council Framework continued
Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
Reporting
American Petroleum Institute Framework 
TOPIC NO. INDICATOR UNITS 2020 2021 2022
1.  Direct GHG  
Emissions 
(Scope 1) 
1.1 Direct GHG Emissions (Scope 1) - All GHGs (million metric tons CO2e)  4.98  3.95  4.59 
1.1.1 Upstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e)  4.98  3.95  4.59 
1.1.1.1 CH4 (million metric tons CO 2e)  0.62  0.51  0.52 
1.1.1.2 Upstream Flaring (All GHGs; subset of Scope 1) (million metric tons CO 2e)  1.18  0.60  0.44 
1.1.1.3 Volume of Flares (mmcf)  13,180  6,790  11,434 
1.1.2 Midstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e)  N/A  N/A  N/A 
1.1.2.1 CH4 (million metric tons CO 2e)  N/A  N/A  N/A 
1.1.3 Downstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e)  N/A  N/A  N/A 
1.1.4 LNG - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e)  N/A  N/A  N/A 
1.1.5 Oil and Natural Gas Field Services - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A N/A N/A
2.  Indirect GHG Emissions 
from Imported Energy 
(Scope 2)
2.1 Indirect GHG Emissions from Imported Electricity + Heat + Steam + 
Cooling (Scope 2, Market-based)  0.32  0.34  0.39 
2.1.1 Upstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e)  0.32  0.34  0.39 
2.1.2 Midstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e)  N/A  N/A  N/A 
2.1.3 Downstream - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e)  N/A  N/A  N/A 
2.1.4 LNG  - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e)  N/A  N/A  N/A 
2.1.5 Oil and Natural Gas Field Services - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) N/A N/A N/A
3. GHG Mitigation 
3.1 GHG Mitigation from CCUS, Credits, and Offsets (million metric tons CO 2e) — — —
3.1.1 Carbon Capture Utilization or Storage (CCUS) - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) — — —
3.1.2 Renewable Energy Credits - (RECs for Indirect Emissions) - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) — — —
3.1.3 Offsets - All GHGs (million metric tons CO 2e) — — —
4.  GHG Emissions  
Intensity
4.1 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Upstream GHG Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/MBOE  19  15  17 
4.2 Scope 1 Upstream Methane Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/MBOE  2  2  2 
4.3 Scope 1 Upstream Flaring Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/MBOE  4  2  1 
4.4 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Liquids Pipelines Transmission GHG Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/ 
throughput in barrel-miles  N/A  N/A  N/A 
4.5 Scope 1 Natural Gas Pipelines Transmission & Storage  
Methane Intensity %  N/A  N/A  N/A 
4.6 Scope 1 + Scope 2 Downstream GHG Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/MBOE  N/A  N/A  N/A 
4.7 Scope 1 + Scope 2 LNG GHG Intensity million metric tons CO 2e/mmcf  N/A  N/A  N/A 
4.8
Additional Intensity Metrics, if applicable (e.g., further disaggregated  
by constituent GHG or by more granular business asset, and/or for 
additional business assets beyond these categories)
             Yes             No
TOPIC METRIC 2020 2021 2022 ADDITIONAL COMMENTS
Water Use
Fresh Water Intensity
Fresh Water Consumed (Bbl)/Gross Annual Production (Boe) — —  0.031 
Began disclosing fresh water for 
reporting year 2022; prior years not 
available
Water Recycle Rate
Recycled Water (Bbl)/Total Water Consumed (Bbl) 38.0% 53.0% 56.8%
Does your company use WRI Aqueduct, GEMI, Water  
Risk Filter, Water Risk Monetizer, or other comparable  
tool or methodology to determine the water stressed  
areas in your portfolio?
 Yes  Yes  Yes 
Safety
Employee TRIR
# of Employee OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual  
Employee Workhours
 0.36  0.58  0.56 
Contractor TRIR
# of Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual 
Contractor Workhours
 0.44  0.48  0.53 
Combined TRIR
# of Combined OSHA Recordable Cases x 200,000 / Annual  
Combined Workhours
 0.43  0.50  0.53 
Supporting  
Data
Gross Annual Oil Production (Bbl)  160,143,612  162,544,851  163,333,634 
Gross Annual Gas Production (Mcf)  858,964,832  686,792,972 745,884,044 
Gross Annual Production (Boe)  303,304,417  277,010,346  287,647,641 
Gross Annual Production (MBoe)  303,304  277,010  287,648 
Gross Annual Production - As Reported  
Under Subpart W (MBoe)  274,075  277,668  300,254 
Total Produced Liquids (MBbl)  507,762  539,141  565,561 
Produced Liquids Spilled (Bbl) 7,616 13,146  18,699
Freshwater Consumed (Bbl) — —  8,995,152
Began disclosing fresh water for 
reporting year 2022; prior years not 
available
Recycled Water (Bbl)  37,174,485  61,431,129  71,543,467 
Total Water Consumed (Bbl)  97,818,723  115,860,453  125,855,854 
Employee OSHA Recordable Cases  9  12  10 
Contractor OSHA Recordable Cases  55  55  71 
Combined OSHA Recordable Cases  64  67  81 
Annual Employee Workhours  4,957,528  4,159,126  3,577,011 
Annual Contractor Workhours  24,781,968  22,838,296  26,929,754 
Methodology CAPP CAPP CAPP
Annual Combined Workhours  29,739,496  26,997,422  30,506,765 
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Reporting

Overview
Environment
Governance
Safety & Security
Social 
Workforce
75 
Disclaimer 
This report contains terms, standards and reporting metrics used by IPIECA, 
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and United Nations’ Sustainable 
Development Goals (UNSDG, together with IPIECA, TCFD and SASB, the 
“Frameworks”). The contents of this report are intended as guidance only 
and may not be comprehensive in scope or coverage, including as to such 
Frameworks. Devon does not intend to and is not endorsing or adopting 
phrases, specific terms or recommendations from the Frameworks. Non-
financial and non-GAAP information, such as that included in this report, is 
subject to more potential limitations than financial information, given the 
methods used for calculating or estimating such information. Devon does not 
make any express or implied representations or warranties and shall not assume 
any liability whatsoever for providing guidance or using these Frameworks, or 
for any errors, mistakes or omissions in this report. 
Additionally, the concept of materiality used in this report is not intended 
to correspond to the concept of materiality associated with the disclosures 
required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Please 
refer to our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the 
SEC for information about the risks and uncertainties to our business and 
operations, and our industry in general. This report also incorporates a greater 
number of estimates and assumptions than many of our required disclosures, 
as well as longer time frames.  This means that many of the matters discussed 
in this report are not, or currently cannot be ascertained to be, “material” as 
that term is defined by the U.S. federal securities laws.  While certain matters 
discussed in this report may be significant, any significance should not be 
read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality used for the purposes of 
complying with the U.S. federal securities laws, even where we use the
word “material” or “materiality” in this report.  Moreover, given the inherent 
uncertainty of the estimates, assumptions and timelines contained in this 
report, we may not be able to anticipate whether or the degree to which we will 
be able to meet our plans, targets or goals in advance.
This report covers our owned and operated businesses and does not address 
the performance or operations of our suppliers, contractors and partners 
unless otherwise noted. This report does not distinguish between the activities 
and operations of our ultimate parent company (Devon Energy Corporation) 
and those of our subsidiaries.
This report includes “forward-looking statements” as defined by the SEC and 
federal securities laws. Any statement that is not a historical statement of fact 
should be treated as a forward-looking statement.  Such statements include, 
without limitation, statements that relate to the manner in which Devon 
intends to conduct certain of its activities, based on management’s current 
plans and expectations. Such statements are not promises or guarantees of 
future conduct or policy and are subject to a number of assumptions, risks 
and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. See the Safe Harbor 
disclosure at the end of this report. Devon’s actual activities, including the 
development, implementation or continuation of any goal, program, target 
or initiative discussed in this report may differ materially in the future. The 
forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date this report 
is originally published, even if subsequently made available by Devon on its 
website or otherwise, and are based on management’s expectations as of such 
date. Devon does not undertake, and expressly disclaims, any obligation to 
update the forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future 
events or otherwise.
Safe Harbor 
Some of the information provided in this report includes “forward-looking 
statements” as defined by the SEC and federal securities laws, including, but not 
limited to, those statements regarding our net zero targets, emission reduction 
targets and other climate and environmental-related goals, strategies and 
plans. Forward-looking statements are often, but not always, identified by use 
of the words “goals,” “achievements,” “forecasts,” “projections,” “estimates,” 
“plans,” “expectations, “targets,” “opportunities,” “potential,” “outlook” and 
other similar terminology. Such statements concerning future performance are 
subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause Devon’s actual 
results to differ materially, and adversely, from the forward-looking statements 
contained herein. Readers should not place undue reliance on any forward-
looking statement.  Moreover, many of the assumptions, standards, metrics and 
measurements used in preparing this report continue to evolve and are based 
on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time of preparation, but should 
not be considered guarantees or promises of future performance.  Actual results, 
conditions and outcomes, whether financial or otherwise, may differ materially, 
and adversely, from those expressed or implied by any of the forward-looking 
statements contained in this report due to a variety of factors, including, 
among others, global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, 
technological innovations (including, but not limited to, the pace of technological 
developments with respect to leak detection), climate-related conditions 
and weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, our ability to gather 
and verify data regarding environmental impacts, our ability to successfully 
implement various initiatives throughout the organization under expected time 
frames, the compliance of various third parties, including our contractors, with 
our policies and procedures, and legal requirements and other unforeseen events 
or conditions.  Other risks and uncertainties are described in more detail in the 
“Risk Factors” section of our most recent Form 10-K and in our other filings 
with the SEC and other disclosures.  Devon has not, and does not intend to, 
independently verify third-party data.
The forward-looking statements provided in this report are based on 
management’s examination of historical operating trends, the information which 
was used to prepare reserve reports and other data in Devon’s possession or 
available from third parties. Devon cautions that its future oil, natural gas and 
natural gas liquids (“NGL”) production, revenues and expenses are subject to 
all of the risks and uncertainties normally incident to the exploration for and 
development, production and sale of oil, natural gas and NGLs. These risks 
include, but are not limited to, price volatility, inflation or lack of availability of 
goods and services, environmental risks, drilling risks, political changes, changes 
in laws or regulations, the uncertainty inherent in estimating future oil and gas 
production or reserves and, as noted above, other risks identified in our Form 
10-K and our other filings with the SEC.
NYSE: DVN
www.devonenergy.com
Corporate Headquarters
Devon Energy
333 W. Sheridan Ave.
Oklahoma City, OK 73102-5015
405-235-3611
American Petroleum Institute continued 
TOPIC NO. INDICATOR UNITS 2020 2021 2022
5.  Indirect GHG Emissions 
from Consumers’ Use of 
Products (Scope 3)
5.1 Indirect GHG Emissions from Use of Sold Products (Category 11) (million metric tons CO 2e)   49 84 90
6.  Additional Climate-
Related Targets and 
Reporting 
6.1 GHG Reduction Target(s)              Yes             No See Performance Targets and Progress section
6.2 TCFD-informed reporting              Yes             No See Devon’s Climate Change Assessment Report  
6.3 Additional Climate Reporting Resources See Devon’s Climate Change Assessment Report 
7.  Third-party 
Verification 
7.1 Assurance Level Limited Assurance N/A Yes Yes
See Environmental Performance Metrics table
7.2 Assurance Provider ERM CVS N/A Yes Yes
See Environmental Performance Metrics table
Reporting Frameworks  continued
Reporting
Devon Energy    2023 Sustainability Report    Reporting