2020  
Sustainability Report

Contents
Company Overview 4
CEO Letter 4
About Williams 6
Corporate Governance 13
Providing Clean, Affordable  
& Reliable Energy 18
Energy Access 20
Climate Change 24
Public Perception 29
Public Policy 30
Minimizing Our Footprint 34
Environmental Compliance 36
Operational Greenhouse 38
Gas Emissions 38
Air Emissions 44
Biodiversity & Land Use 47
Spill Performance 50
Water Stewardship 52
Waste 53
Protecting People  
& Strengthening  
Infrastructure 54
Workforce Health & Safety 56
Pipeline Safety 62
Public Safety 66
Process Safety 69
Cybersecurity 70
Building an  
Empowered Workforce 72
Diversity & Inclusion 74
Employee Attraction,  
Retention & Development 78
Ethics & Compliance 83
Strengthening  
Communities 86
Community Engagement 88
Community Investment 91
Indigenous Peoples 95
Landowner Relations 96
Supply Chain Management  
& Responsible Procurement 99
About This Report 102
Materiality Assessment 104
Report Details 106
Performance Data Table  107
Content Index 116
Independent Assurance Statement  
to The Williams Companies, Inc. 124
Forward-Looking Statements 125

Cover Photo: Right-of-way near 
Moundsville, West Virginia.
Interior Photo: Operations Technician  
Neil N. at a right-of-way near DeSoto 
Parish, Louisiana.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
4
CEO Letter
GRI 102-14
Essential 
The global pandemic we faced  
in 2020–2021 exposed the true 
character of many unsung heroes. 
I’m extremely grateful to the essential 
workers who kept the Williams 
network of clean energy infrastructure 
running smoothly to reliably deliver 
the natural gas needed to generate 
electricity, warm homes and 
businesses, and make home-cooked 
meals. I’m thankful for our company’s 
Information Technology teams that 
adeptly shifted thousands of our 
employees to remote working to 
ensure business continuity while 
protecting our vital systems from the 
constant barrage of cybersecurity 
threats. I commend our Emergency 
Operations Center that pivoted to 
develop and execute response  
plans in accordance with company 
requirements and CDC guidelines  
to ensure that our employees could 
get their essential work done in a  
safe and healthy manner.
Besides protecting the health  
of our employees, we remained 
committed to the communities  
where our employees live and work. 
Early in the pandemic, Williams 
pledged an extra $1 million to 
support nonprofits struggling to  
meet the basic needs of families, 
schools pivoting to remote learning 
and first responders serving on  
the front lines. In total, Williams 
contributed $10.8 million in 2020 to 
more than 2,200 organizations and, 
while in-person opportunities were 
limited, our employees volunteered 
more than 18,000 hours.
In addition to the pandemic, we 
witnessed local and global protests 
related to racial injustice and, in our 
headquarters city in 2021, we recently 
commemorated the 100th anniversary 
of the 1921 Tulsa Race Massacre. 
These events are somber reminders 
that we must continue as a company 
to reinforce a culture based on our 
Core Values, rooted in authenticity.
Diversity is important at Williams 
because we intend to be the very 
best. To do this, we must attract,  
retain and gain the extra passion  
and energy from the very best talent. 
In 2020, I pledged my support for  
the CEO Action for Diversity and 
Inclusion Coalition, which outlines  
a specific set of actions to cultivate  
a trusting environment where all 
ideas are welcomed and employees 
feel comfortable and empowered  
to have discussions about diversity 
and inclusion.
Our Diversity & Inclusion Council is 
driving progress toward diversifying 
our workforce and leadership  
team. The Council is charged with 
identifying opportunities to ensure  
we are attracting those who are 
underrepresented in our workforce 
and ensuring that our leadership 
development programs shine a light 
on and develop hidden leadership 
traits that have long been overlooked.
Essential. Leadership. Right Here, Right Now.
Alan S. Armstrong, President and Chief Executive Officer

5
Company Overview
ALAN S. ARMSTRONG,  
PRESIDENT AND CHIEF  
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
Looking ahead, we also want  
to ready the next generation of 
employees for careers in science, 
technology, engineering and math.  
In 2020, Williams provided more than 
$900,000 to support efforts to bring 
STEM education to those who might 
not be exposed to high-quality STEM 
learning opportunities, which lead to 
careers in well-paying STEM fields. 
For over 15 years, we have funded 
programs at technical schools and 
universities to ensure we are building 
a diverse talent pipeline to meet our 
company’s workforce needs as we 
drive toward a clean energy future.
Leadership
We’ve been on a progressive journey 
over the past several years as it 
relates to environmental, social and 
governance performance. Initially, 
our ESG efforts centered on 
documenting and communicating 
what we were already doing to be 
sustainable. In August 2020, I’m 
proud to say we became the first 
North American midstream company 
to announce a comprehensive 
climate commitment (see page 24) 
that includes real goals with clear 
expectations for our organization. At 
the same time, we realized there was 
both the need and the opportunity  
to set our sights even higher and to 
help lead the midstream industry.
Last year, we provided leadership 
and guidance on ESG performance 
metrics, leading an effort with the 
Energy Infrastructure Council to 
produce a midstream industry-wide 
reporting template for ESG measures. 
This allows midstream companies  
to present the sustainability metrics 
that matter most to shareholders in a 
transparent and comparable way. We 
look forward to widespread adoption 
of these metrics by both the midstream 
industry and investment community. 
We’re also taking a leading stance 
on critical topics within our industry. 
As a member of the Interstate Natural 
Gas Association of America board, 
we helped outline the organization’s 
initial climate commitment. We also 
led the formation of an industry 
group called Natural Allies to 
promote the benefits of clean  
and affordable natural gas.
Right here, right now
Post pandemic, world leaders will 
turn their attention to rebuilding 
economies and showing progress  
on emissions reduction. Natural gas 
offers a practical and affordable 
solution that is available right here, 
right now, for reducing emissions 
both domestically and internationally. 
We have a huge opportunity to 
leverage our natural gas-focused 
business as the world moves to a 
low-carbon future, while also helping 
our customers and stakeholders 
meet their climate goals.
Natural gas has been—and continues 
to be—the most significant contributor 
to reducing carbon emissions in  
the U.S., driven in large part by  
a conversion from coal to natural  
gas power generation. But there  
is still more that we can do. The  
U.S. continues to burn coal, fuel oil, 
kerosene and diesel in applications 
that are ripe for displacement today 
with cleaner natural gas. Beyond  
the immediate benefits of reducing 
emissions, natural gas-powered 
generation of electricity brings 
reliability to the U.S. electric power 
grid and allows for growth in 
renewable forms of energy. And  
our footprint allows for low-cost 
expansions with the lowest 
environmental impact that can provide 
the supply to meet these near-term 
emissions reduction opportunities.
At the same time, natural gas and 
natural gas infrastructure have set 
the stage for enabling the next 
generation of clean energy solutions. 
No energy infrastructure system 
integrates a reliable delivery network 
with a massive storage solution  
on the scale that natural gas 
infrastructure does. Williams’ 
nationwide footprint is adaptable  
to future renewable energy sources 
like clean hydrogen and RNG 
blending, thereby providing the 
necessary and critical infrastructure 
needed to meet clean energy 
demand for generations to come.
This ability to efficiently manage  
the delivery of clean energy supply 
through the peaks and valleys of 
energy demand is exactly what we 
need for renewable and emerging 
technologies to be successful  
and to reach full potential. And  
we believe our infrastructure  
is a critical part of both the  
near- and long-term solutions.
For more than a century,  
Williams has built a reputation  
as a responsible and dependable 
business that delivers on its 
promises. As we look ahead, we  
are leading with our vision for a clean 
energy future that is rooted in our  
natural gas-focused strategy and 
commitment to sustainable operations.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
6
The Williams Companies, Inc. 
(Williams) is a publicly traded 
Fortune 500 company with nearly 
5,000 employees around the  
country. Based in Tulsa, Oklahoma, 
our operations span 26 U.S. states, 
including in the Gulf of Mexico, 
Rockies, Pacific Northwest and 
Eastern Seaboard regions. We own 
and operate more than 30,000 miles 
of pipelines across our system  
and handle approximately 30% of  
the natural gas in the United States.
In addition, we own an interest  
in and operate 34 natural gas 
processing facilities, nine natural  
gas liquid (NGL) fractionation 
facilities and approximately 23 million  
barrels of NGL storage capacity. 
Through our large-scale infrastructure, 
Williams connects the best supplies 
with the world’s growing demand  
for clean energy. Our transmission, 
gas gathering and liquids pipelines 
serve a variety of customers such  
as utilities, power generators and 
liquefied natural gas facilities.
About Williams
At Williams, we understand the direct 
link between sustainable business 
operations, corporate stewardship 
and long-term financial success. 
Williams is committed to being the 
leader in providing infrastructure that 
safely delivers products to reliably 
fuel the clean energy economy.  
The products we transport are used 
every day for clean power generation, 
heating and industrial use. By 
developing energy infrastructure 
responsibly, we position our company 
to create long-term value. Despite  
a challenging year for the industry,  
in 2020 Williams achieved record 
gathering volumes and earnings.  
See our 2020 10-K Annual Report  
for our financial data.
As a predominantly natural  
gas-focused energy infrastructure 
company, Williams plays a critical 
role as the world moves to a  
low-carbon future. We provide 
essential infrastructure to safely 
deliver energy that helps improve 
quality of life in important ways.  
We focus on improving our 
operational efficiencies and helping 
advance the next generation of  
clean energy solutions. Natural  
gas is instrumental in fueling the 
clean energy economy, particularly  
when it comes to displacing and 
providing alternatives to more 
carbon-intensive fossil fuels. 
According to the U.S. Energy 
Information Administration, increased 
natural gas production, coupled with  
a growing renewable energy market, 
have helped the United States 
continue to reduce overall carbon 
emissions growth. Natural gas is 
indispensable to supporting society’s 
ability to add more renewable energy 
to the power grid while ensuring 
power reliability when intermittent wind 
and solar resources are not available.
Our operations rely on the hard work 
and integrity of our nearly 5,000 
employees around the country. 
Nearly 60% of our employees—the 
dedicated individuals who manage 
our control rooms and operate, 
maintain and support our field assets 
24 hours a day—are unable to work 
from home. Their essential efforts 
during the COVID-19 pandemic 
facilitated the safe delivery of gas  
to power America’s communities.
GRI 102-1; 102-2; 102-3; 102-4; 102-5; 102-6; 102-7; 102-8
As one of the nation’s largest clean energy infrastructure 
providers, we have a tremendous opportunity to leverage our 
natural gas-focused business as the world moves to a low-carbon 
future, while helping customers and the United States meet 
climate goals. We believe clean, affordable and reliable natural 
gas is an important component of today’s fuel mix and should  
be prioritized as one of the most important tools to aggressively 
displace more carbon-intensive fuels around the world. 
ALAN S. ARMSTRONG, WILLIAMS PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

7
Company Overview
Metric Permanent Employees
Total Number of Full-Time Employees by Gender
Female 958
Male 3,747
Total Number of Permanent Employees by Region*
Atlantic-Gulf 1,206
Northeast 1,445
West 909
Tulsa Headquarters 1,169
Total Number of Permanent Employees by Employment Type
Full-Time 4,707
Part-Time 22
2020 Williams by the Numbers
* Region data presented is based on primary work location. Williams does not have temporary employees. This table excludes third-party workers. The difference  
of counts in full-time employees and full-time employees broken down by gender is due to employees that have elected to not specify or disclose gender.
Precinct junction in Fort Worth, Texas.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
8
Williams’ Operations
At Williams, we understand the direct link between sustainable business operations, corporate stewardship and long-term 
financial success. By developing natural gas infrastructure responsibly, we can position our company to create long-term value.
NORTHWEST
OVERLAND PASS
TRANSCO
GULFSTREAM
BLUESTEM
Interstate Natural Gas Pipeline
Natural Gas Gathering Pipeline
Natural Gas Liquids Pipeline
Oil Gathering Pipeline
Gas Plant
Fractionator
Storage
Amine Treating
Rail Terminal
Offshore Platform
Supply Area Basin
Operational Activity

9
Company Overview
Our objective is to maintain  
and strengthen relationships  
by understanding local needs, 
listening to stakeholder priorities  
and identifying opportunities  
to collaborate.
We prioritize engagements  
with stakeholder groups that our 
operations directly affect. Williams 
regularly interacts with stakeholders 
using a variety of mechanisms, 
including in-person and virtual 
meetings, social media, open  
houses and community events.  
Stakeholder 
Engagement
GRI 102-40; 102-42; 102-43
Listening to stakeholder feedback is 
critical to building and maintaining 
collaborative relationships. In 2020, 
Williams engaged a diverse group of 
stakeholders, including employees, 
landowners, customers, industry 
associations, local communities, 
Native American tribes, investors  
and suppliers to understand different 
perspectives regarding the industry, 
our business, operations and projects. 
We work to identify the best 
engagement approach for each 
unique stakeholder group. 
As part of our materiality assessment 
and report preparation process,  
we identify our primary stakeholder 
groups and directly engage with 
external stakeholders to understand 
their primary topics of interest. 
Stakeholder Group Engagements in 2020 Environmental, Social and 
Governance Topics of Interest
Board of Directors  »  Annual strategy process
 »  Regular management reports  
to board of directors 
 »  Quarterly board and  
committee meetings 
Corporate Governance; Climate 
Change; Cybersecurity; Diversity 
and Inclusion; Public Perception; 
Pipeline Safety; Process Safety
Employees  »  Daily online forums (Microsoft  
Teams Channels, Intranet)
 »  Training programs
 »  Town hall meetings with leadership
 »  Annual performance reviews
Diversity and Inclusion;  
Employee Attraction,  
Retention and Development;  
Workforce Health and Safety
Investors  »  Weekly investor calls and meetings
 » Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 »  Biennial perception study
 » Biannual institutional investor update
 »  14 virtual investor conferences
 »  17 ESG-focused investor  
conference calls
 »  Ongoing media campaigns
Biodiversity and Land Use; 
Climate Change; Corporate 
Governance; Diversity and 
Inclusion; Operational  
Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
10
Stakeholder Group Engagements in 2020 Environmental, Social and 
Governance Topics of Interest
Customers  »  Annual digital brand survey
 »  Ongoing media campaigns
 »  Annual satisfaction survey
 »  Regular one-on-one meetings
 »  Conferences and industry events
Climate Change; Diversity and 
Inclusion; Energy Affordability  
and Access; Operational 
Greenhouse Gas Emissions; 
Workforce Health and Safety
Community, Landowners,  
Indigenous Populations,  
Nongovernmental Organizations
 »  Ongoing public awareness programs
 »  Three virtual open houses and  
18 virtual meetings with stakeholders
 »  Monthly newsletters
 »  Weekly social media
 »  Ongoing media campaigns
 »  434,851 mailers to landowners
 »  24-Hour control centers
 »  70 phone interactions with tribes
Climate Change; Community 
Engagement; Diversity and 
Inclusion; Economic Development; 
Noise; Pipeline Safety; Public 
Perception; Workforce Safety; 
Pipeline Routing
Regulators  »  Regular corporate communications
 »  ~200 meetings with regulators 
 »  21,600 public awareness mailers  
to emergency response agencies
 »  Monthly newsletters
 »  Ongoing communications through our 
government affairs and outreach team
Biodiversity and Land Use; 
Community Engagement; 
Energy Affordability and  
Access; Pipeline Safety; 
Workforce Health and Safety
Suppliers  »  Five supplier audits
 »  Two supplier self-assessments
 »  Regular supplier training programs 
 »  Onboarding and capturing diversity 
data through BlueSkies supplier portal
 »  Ongoing supplier  
qualification process 
Cybersecurity; Diversity  
and Inclusion; Supply Chain 
Management; Workforce  
Health and Safety
Industry Associations  »  Board and/or committee leadership 
roles at 24 industry associations
 »  Regular workshops and meetings
Climate Change; Cybersecurity; 
Operational Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions; Pipeline Safety;  
Public Policy; Public Perception

11
Company Overview
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
GRI 102-12
The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a call to action for government and non-state actors  
to promote a better and more sustainable future for all. The SDGs provide a blueprint to address global challenges, 
including poverty, inequality, climate change, environmental degradation, peace and justice.
In 2020, we conducted a benchmark assessment against the 17 SDGs, down to the target level, to assess the highest 
priority goals for Williams. As part of the assessment, we evaluated the SDGs based on key criteria including connection  
to Williams’ material issues, alignment with the company’s business strategy and our ability to make progress toward the 
relevant targets. Below, we describe our corresponding contributions to high-relevance indicators for selected priority SDGs.
Priority SDGs
Affordable and Clean Energy
Target: 7.1 By 2030, ensure universal access to affordable, reliable and modern energy services.
Contribution to Relevant Indicators: As one of the largest energy infrastructure companies in the 
United States, Williams plays a critical role in providing access to clean, reliable and affordable energy.
The United States power sector has lowered its CO2 emissions by 967 million metric tons since 
2005 as natural gas’ market share of power generation has grown to 39%, making it the largest 
source of electric power generation. Natural gas is also a reliable fuel source making it the ideal 
partner for intermittent renewable energy sources like wind and solar power.
Decent Work and Economic Growth
Target: 8.8 Protect labor rights and promote safe and secure working environments for all workers, 
including migrant workers.
Contribution to Relevant Indicators: Cultivating a safe and healthy work environment aligns with 
Williams’ Core Values, increases productivity and promotes long-term value creation.
The people who work in our operations are safety-driven. We work toward zero safety incidents and 
are committed to the safety of our people. We continue to strive for continued improvements in our 
safety performance and have set a goal of 10% reduction from the previous three-year average in 
employee recordable injuries for 2021.
In addition to specific reduction goals, we proactively work to advance safety culture through annual 
required safety training for all field employees, application of key process safety concepts across  
our assets regardless of regulatory requirement, and prompt sharing of safety incidents for broad 
awareness and learning of the organization. Further, we have developed targeted safety leadership 
development content for our operations leaders, detailed safety culture assessments to understand 
any gaps and improvement opportunities, and adherence to our Life Critical Operating Requirements 
that govern safety procedures for critical field operational tasks.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
12
Industry Innovation and Infrastructure
Target: 9.1 Develop quality, reliable, sustainable and resilient infrastructure, including regional and 
transborder infrastructure, to support economic development and human well-being, with a focus on 
affordable and equitable access for all.
Contribution to Relevant Indicators: Williams owns and operates more than 30,000 miles of 
pipelines. Our reliable gathering, processing and transmission pipeline infrastructure services deliver 
products that help increase quality of life by providing people with clean energy to heat buildings  
and water, access lighting, cook food and dry clothes. The adaptability of our infrastructure prepares 
us for the innovations of tomorrow, including next-generation fuels like hydrogen.
Our energy infrastructure provides an immediate, practical, affordable and reliable solution for 
reducing emissions from oil and coal-fired electricity generation and is key to scaling renewable 
energy to the power grid in large volumes. We contribute to energy justice, or equitable distribution  
of affordable energy, by connecting cleaner resources to residential, commercial and industrial 
customers that rely on reasonably priced, reliable heat and fuel.
Industry Responsible Consumption and Production
Target: 12.6 Encourage companies, especially large and transnational companies, to adopt 
sustainable practices and to integrate sustainability information into their reporting cycle.
Contribution to Relevant Indicators: Williams strives to lead the way on transparent reporting in  
the midstream sector. In addition to publishing our annual sustainability report, we co-directed an 
initiative with the Energy Infrastructure Council to launch the first-ever midstream company ESG 
reporting template. The template will encourage all midstream energy infrastructure companies  
to coalesce and present the sustainability metrics that matter most to investors in a transparent  
and comparable way. We look forward to widespread adoption by both the midstream industry  
and investment community.
Williams has been a member of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Natural Gas STAR 
program since the program’s inception in 1993. Natural Gas STAR is a voluntary partnership that 
encourages oil and natural gas companies to adopt cost-effective technologies and practices that 
improve operational efficiency and reduce methane emissions. From 1993–2020, Williams avoided 
almost 5 million metric tons of CO2e by implementing industry best practices and partnering with  
the Natural Gas STAR program, the equivalent of taking over 1 million cars off the road. 
Williams is also a member of Our Nation’s Energy Future Coalition, Inc., a group of companies 
voluntarily working to reduce methane emissions.

13
Company Overview
For over 100 years, we have earned 
our reputation as a dependable and 
trustworthy business partner that 
delivers on our promises. Williams  
is committed to strong corporate 
governance, which we believe is 
critical to achieving our performance 
goals and to maintaining the trust  
and confidence of our stakeholders.
Williams’ executive management  
and board of directors are committed 
to maintaining ethical corporate 
behavior throughout the organization. 
Policies and risk management 
procedures help us provide 
meaningful information to our 
stakeholders, define clear roles and 
expectations for conduct and run our 
business with integrity and openness.
Our Corporate Governance Guidelines 
serve as a governance framework  
that addresses the practices of the 
board of directors and its committees. 
The governance and sustainability 
committee reviews these guidelines  
at least annually and recommends 
changes to the entire board as 
necessary. Williams’ chief executive 
officer is ultimately responsible  
for the overall management and 
functioning of the company.
The compensation and management 
development committee oversees 
the establishment and administration 
of Williams’ compensation programs, 
including incentive compensation 
and equity-based plans.  
Corporate Governance
We design our compensation 
programs to align with company 
priorities and engage the entire 
organization in meeting common 
goals. Our Annual Incentive  
Program (AIP) applies to all 
employees, including our  
executive officers, and includes 
environmental and safety targets. 
ESG metrics comprise 10% of  
the AIP targets for all employees, 
including our executive officers.  
In 2020, Williams added a goal  
to reduce carbon equivalent 
emissions through a reduction  
in loss of primary containment 
events. This enterprise-wide goal 
clearly communicates our focus  
on reducing environmental, safety, 
and operations risk. 
In 2020, approximately 77% of  
the votes cast in the stockholder 
advisory vote on executive 
compensation (“say-on-pay”)  
were in favor of the company’s 
executive compensation program. 
Citing the linkage between pay  
and company performance, the 
proxy advisory firm Glass Lewis 
recommended against our company 
in 2020, which caused a significant 
drop in support. This adverse 
recommendation resulted in a 
decrease in support compared  
to previous years in which we 
typically received more than  
90% of the votes cast in favor.
Additional information on  
Corporate Governance, such  
as director compensation, is  
in our 2020 Proxy Statement.
GRI 102-18; 102-23
Williams Tower in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
14
Board of Directors
GRI 103-1; 103-2; 405-1
Our board of directors is responsible 
for establishing broad corporate 
policies and overseeing overall 
company performance. Management 
keeps directors informed about the 
business through regular reports 
plus board meetings, committee 
meetings and discussions with the 
chief executive officer and other 
senior officers. In 2020, the board 
met seven times.
In 2020, the Williams board  
of directors consisted of 12 
accomplished and capable 
directors. In 2021, we added  
an additional female director,  
Stacey Dore, bringing our total  
to 13 directors. All the directors  
are independent with the exception 
of our president and chief executive 
officer. At this time, the board’s 
current preferred governance 
structure is to have an independent 
director serve as board chair, 
separate from the role of chief 
executive officer. The board of 
directors is required to stand for 
election at our annual meeting  
of stockholders.
The Williams board has four standing 
committees: audit; compensation 
and management development; 
governance and sustainability; and 
environmental, health and safety. 
Each of our board committees is 
entirely composed of independent 
directors and, during 2020, no fewer 
than five independent directors 
served on each committee. The 
committees provide updates at each 
regular board meeting to keep the 
entire board of directors abreast of 
pertinent information. For detailed 
information on each board committee, 
please see the board committees and 
charters page of our website.
Alan Armstrong Steve Bergstrom Nancy Buese Stephen Chazen
Charles Cogut Michael Creel
Scott Sheffield
Vicky Fuller Peter Ragauss
Rose Robeson Murray Smith William Spence
2020 Board of Directors

15
Company Overview
We have a board policy limiting the 
number of public company boards 
on which a Williams director can 
serve. We inform directors of the 
policy and our corporate secretary 
group annually reviews each 
director’s board service. We also 
prohibit our directors, officers and 
other employees from engaging in 
short sales or hedging transactions 
in Williams’ securities.
In addition to our board structure,  
our board has adopted other 
practices to facilitate strong 
corporate governance. For instance, 
the board and each of its committees 
conduct annual evaluations and 
self-assessments. Non-employee 
directors meet without management 
present at each regularly scheduled 
board meeting. We also have a 
majority vote standard for the election 
of directors in uncontested elections.
2020 Board Demographics
8%
board members 
between 30–50 
years old 
75%
male board 
members
8%
board members 
ethnically diverse
25%
female board 
members
92%
board members 
over 50 years old
92%
board members 
not ethnically 
diverse
Board Selection Process
GRI 102-24; 103-3
We value a diverse board of directors 
that provides a range of viewpoints, 
experience and perspectives. 
Through our rigorous board selection 
process, we seek highly qualified, 
non-employee candidates with, 
among other qualities, demonstrated 
leadership abilities, a reputation  
for honesty and integrity and a 
commitment to represent shareholder 
interests. The governance and 
sustainability committee is 
responsible for recommending to the 
board, new directors who reflect an 
appropriate balance of experience, 
skills and integrity characteristics. 
Expertise and experience relating to 
economic, environmental, and social 
topics are considered.
In 2020, the board actively sought 
and considered minority candidates 
as part of its search for two new 
director positions. Subsequently, the 
board formally adopted a “Rooney 
Rule” requiring the board to consider 
candidates with a diversity of race, 
ethnicity and gender characteristics 
for independent director nominees.
At each of its regularly scheduled 
meetings, the governance and 
sustainability committee evaluates 
the board’s composition to assess  
if the board has the right mix of  
skills and experience. As part of its 
director selection and nominating 
process, the committee annually 
assesses the board’s diversity in 
such areas as geography, race, 
gender, ethnicity and age. We strive 
to maintain a board of directors with 
diverse occupational and personal 
backgrounds. The mandated 
retirement date for a director is the 
first annual meeting of stockholders 
following the director’s 75th birthday, 
unless otherwise voted on and waived.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
16
Enterprise  
Risk Oversight
The board of directors is responsible 
for oversight and guidance on 
organizational planning, strategy  
and risk management. As part of  
this effort, the board participates  
in an annual strategy session  
to evaluate Williams’ long-term 
strategy, including top risks that 
could affect the execution of  
the company strategy. Williams’ 
strategy team leads the annual 
strategic risk assessment process, 
which identifies top risks, with input 
from senior leaders.
For each top risk, we define  
a tolerance and assign a risk 
alignment rating. The risks may 
directly or indirectly correspond  
with sustainability topics for the 
company. We present results from 
the strategic risk assessment to  
the board of directors during the 
annual strategy session.
Sustainability 
Oversight
GRI 102-20; 102-32
Sustainability topics may be in  
the purview of each of our board 
committees as well as the full  
board of directors.
 »  The governance and  
sustainability committee has 
primary responsibility for providing 
oversight and guidance on ESG 
matters. This committee also 
receives progress updates on the 
development of our sustainability 
report during regularly scheduled 
committee meetings. 
 »  The environmental, health and 
safety committee is responsible  
for reviewing, monitoring and 
reporting to the full board on  
the company’s environmental, 
health and safety performance, 
including setting and reviewing  
key metrics and compliance  
with applicable regulations. 
 »  The full board of directors reviews 
Williams’ annual sustainability 
report prior to publication. 
Sustainability topics of particular 
interest to the board of directors  
in 2020 included employee safety, 
relating to both operations and 
COVID-19, environmental matters  
and diversity and inclusion. The board 
oversaw a variety of critical initiatives 
in 2020, including adopting COVID-19 
related safety protocols; implementing 
cybersecurity and cyber-insurance 
coverage; and solidifying the 
Diversity and Inclusion Council.
While ultimate oversight responsibility 
of ESG topics resides with the board 
of directors, Williams’ management 
ensures ESG topics receive the 
proper attention. During our annual 
strategy session in 2020, we formally 
incorporated ESG into Williams’ 
long-term strategy. Williams has 
processes in place to make sure that 
accountability for ESG performance 
cascades across the organization.
Williams’ management level ESG 
director is responsible for developing 
and executing our ESG integration 
strategy and engaging with Williams’ 
shareholders to understand ESG 
expectations and communicate our 
performance. Additionally, our ESG 
steering committee is a designated 
leadership team tasked with supporting 
the development and implementation 
of Williams’ sustainability initiatives 
across the business.
The Williams Integrated Management 
System and corporate policies drive 
integrated ESG practices into our 
everyday operations with the goal of 
making Williams a more sustainable 
company. The Williams Integrated 
Management System applies to all 
Williams employees, contractors, 
operating assets, projects and 
offices. We reference how we use 
our Integrated Management System 
to manage Williams’ key ESG topics 
throughout this report.
Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Debbie C. in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

17
Company Overview
Shareholder 
Relations
Shareholders depend on our safe, 
reliable operations that deliver 
long-term, stable returns. We have 
proven experience working with 
regulators, policymakers and 
stakeholders to minimize risk  
in order to build the critical 
infrastructure needed to fuel  
our clean energy economy. 
Our dialogue with shareholders, 
which includes board-level 
engagement with institutional 
investors, allows us to address 
issues, share relevant information 
and enhance alignment with 
shareholder expectations. In  
2020, members of our executive 
management team attended three 
in-person investor conferences,  
14 virtual investor conferences,  
30 conference calls, four virtual 
question and answer sessions, and 
four virtual non-deal roadshows.
During such meetings, management 
may discuss Williams’ strategy, 
operations, ESG efforts, financial 
performance as well as broader 
energy industry topics and trends. 
The investor relations team  
at Williams also shares these same 
key messages with the financial 
community throughout the year via 
phone calls, video calls and email 
correspondence. In 2020, the 
investor relations team facilitated  
17 ESG-focused investor conference 
calls, 15 of which included a member 
of the executive management team.
For more information on how we 
deliver online communications  
to shareholders, see the Williams 
investor relations webpage.
In January 2021, Williams hosted  
a virtual public ESG event, the  
first event of its kind across the 
midstream sector, where the 
executive management team 
presented the company’s ESG 
performance, climate commitment 
and forward-looking strategy for 
sustainable operations. For more 
information from the event see the 
Williams virtual ESG event page.
Williams has also taken steps  
to safeguard the company and  
our shareholders amid severe 
disruption in the energy market.  
We adopted the Shareholders  
Rights Plan in March 2020 to protect 
the interests of our shareholders  
by reducing the likelihood that  
any person or group could take 
advantage of volatile markets and 
gain control of the company through 
open market accumulation or other 
tactics without paying a fair value  
for the company. The Shareholders 
Rights Plan was terminated following 
judicial proceedings.
Over the last few years, shareholders have rapidly evolved to 
incorporate ESG as a complement to their investment process. 
Williams has also moved quickly to streamline the transparency 
of our disclosures and to operationalize ESG into key functions. 
In so doing, investors now have clear visibility to sustainability 
milestones for which they can hold us accountable; this is  
key to continuing the strength of our relationship with existing 
shareholders and attracting new ones because we’ve shown  
the willingness and ability to be an industry leader. 
DANILO JUVANE, VICE PRESIDENT OF INVESTOR RELATIONS AT WILLIAMS

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
18
Contents
Company Overview
Providing Clean, 
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
Minimizing  
Our Footprint
Protecting People  
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
Building an 
Empowered 
Workforce
Strengthening 
Communities
About This Report
WE MAKE CLEAN ENERGY HAPPEN® 
Providing Clean, 
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
Williams is a leading infrastructure provider 
connecting the most prolific supplies of natural  
gas to markets with growing demand. Our mission  
is to be the leader in providing infrastructure that 
safely delivers affordable energy to reliably fuel the 
clean energy economy. Natural gas is one of the 
most powerful and mature tools in accomplishing 
emissions reduction goals quickly, both domestically 
and internationally. 
Right-of-way near DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.

19
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
20
Natural gas continues to play an 
important role in the clean energy 
economy. In 2020, natural gas 
accounted for a historic high of 
nearly 40% of electricity generation 
in the United States driven by low 
natural gas prices according to  
the 2021 Annual Energy Outlook 
published by the U.S. Energy 
Information Administration (EIA). 
As shown in the graphic below, the 
EIA projects that natural gas will 
provide a meaningful 36% of U.S. 
electricity generation while renewable 
energy will be responsible for 42% of 
electricity generation in 2050. Williams 
aims to be a long-term participant in 
the low-carbon economy, leveraging 
our existing energy infrastructure.
Energy Access
GRI 103-1; 103-2; 103-3
Natural gas will continue to promote 
energy reliability by supplementing 
intermittently available renewable 
energy sources while supporting  
a sustainable, clean energy future.
As we strive to meet the  
growing domestic demand for 
American-sourced energy, we 
remain committed to reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions from  
our operations while also helping  
our customers achieve their 
emissions reduction goals. For 
additional information on reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions from  
our operations, see page 40.
Natural gas is used for a variety of 
daily applications. The residential  
and commercial sectors use it to heat 
buildings and water, cook food, dry 
clothes, operate cooling equipment 
and provide lighting. According to  
the EIA, an estimated 50% of U.S. 
homes relied on natural gas in 2020. 
The industrial sector uses natural  
gas as a fuel for process heating, 
waste treatment and incineration,  
as well as a raw material to 
manufacture clothing, tires, home 
building materials, fertilizer, wind 
turbines and hydrogen—all of which 
help generate the products we  
use daily and the food we eat.
2012–2050 U.S. Electricity Generation*
Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration, Annual Energy Outlook 2021 (AEO2021)
1
2
3
4
5
6 history projection
other renewables
renewables
42% in 2050renewables
21% in 2020
hydro
wind
solar
natural gas
coal
nuclear
0
Trillion Kilowatthours
2010 2020 2030 2040 2050
*Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration, Annual Energy Outlook 2021 (AEO2021)

21
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy
As one of the largest interstate 
pipeline transmission providers in  
the United States, Williams’ pipeline 
expansion projects connect the  
best supply basins to some of the 
fastest growing demand centers, 
positively affecting local economies 
and improving living standards by 
providing new or additional access to 
clean, reliable and affordable energy.
Renewable electricity sources are 
not always available to generate 
power and meet consumer 
demands for energy. Given its 
abundant supply and affordability, 
natural gas is an ideal fuel to 
maintain power generation reliability, 
thereby protecting families and 
businesses from intermittency 
issues, rolling blackouts and  
higher electricity bills.
At Williams we work diligently every day to connect abundant 
supplies of domestic natural gas to those who need affordable, 
reliable heat and fuel. To energy consumers, access to affordable 
natural gas means paying less for the energy you need, and 
reliability means peace of mind—knowing you’ll have the energy 
you need, when you need it. Our current and proposed expansion 
projects will allow Williams to move additional volumes of natural 
gas to growing markets, so energy consumers can continue to 
realize the benefits of affordable and reliable energy. 
MICHAEL ATCHIE, DIRECTOR OF COMMUNITY AND PROJECT OUTREACH AT WILLIAMS
Providing the infrastructure to 
reliably deliver affordable natural 
gas is one way Williams contributes 
to the equitable distribution of 
affordable, clean energy. According 
to the American Gas Association 
2019 Energy Analysis, homes with 
natural gas heating save nearly 
$900 on average per year compared 
to all-electricity homes—helping  
low-income families and households 
on fixed incomes make ends meet.
Delga compressor station in Fort Worth, Texas.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
22
Williams aligns geographic 
operations and infrastructure 
expansion efforts to reduce 
expenses and achieve business 
objectives. By maximizing 
operational efficiencies, we are  
able to reduce costs while still safely 
and effectively delivering energy  
to communities across the United 
States. Additionally, throughout 2020, 
Williams maintained robust reliability 
plans and contingencies that helped 
prevent supply disruptions to our 
customers and ultimately kept costs 
low for energy consumers. Williams’ 
pipeline integrity and maintenance 
efforts ensure our systems operate 
with the least disruption possible. 
The table on the next page shows 
the percent deliverability of our 
transmission business.
The most effective way to prevent 
disruptions in gas supply is to 
consistently monitor current 
infrastructure and address any 
potential issues through regular 
maintenance. Williams’ gathering 
and processing and gas 
transmission operations maintain 
system integrity to minimize 
disruptions by identifying potential 
issues and maintenance needs 
before a shutdown or disruption 
occurs. Taking proactive actions  
to maintain underground pipelines, 
aboveground facilities and other 
appurtenances effectively reduces 
costly service interruptions.  
This effort further perpetuates  
the affordability of natural gas  
for energy consumers. 
Williams’ strong operational 
discipline, coupled with effectively 
managing operational risk, keeps  
our facilities safe and secure and 
ensures we continue to meet 
customer commitments. 
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Supporting  
Community Access  
to Affordable Energy
Though we do not distribute our product directly to most end users, Williams 
provides support to communities that want to work with their local utility 
providers to gain access to affordable energy. For example, in 2020, Williams 
collaborated to help Tunkhannock, Pennsylvania, gain natural gas service. 
Williams provided UGI, the local utility company, access to our existing 
Springville pipeline. The Wyoming County Chamber of Commerce secured 
grant funds from the Pennsylvania Department of Community and Economic 
Development to support construction of the utility line. More than 80 homes 
and 30 businesses gained access to affordable natural gas through this 
project. Efforts like this not only expand the footprint of local natural gas 
utilization, but also allow residents and local entities the opportunity to  
have gas service. Utilizing the experience we gained in Tunkhannock, 
Williams will continue to guide local stakeholders in the areas where we 
operate regarding ways to add natural gas service in their communities.

23
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy
Despite the volatility and uncertainty 
of 2020, Williams was able to  
quickly respond to the changing 
work environment and serve our 
customers’ needs. Our Customer 
Impacted Volumes (CIV, one of  
our reliability measures) metric  
can be thought of as our measure  
of volumetric reliability from the 
customer’s perspective. Our monthly 
CIV remained between 99.5%  
and 100% throughout 2020 and 
demonstrates our continued 
commitment to operations and  
our customers.
The demand for affordable, reliable 
energy creates the need for Williams 
to expand our existing infrastructure. 
Expansion projects inherently include 
stakeholder engagement efforts 
aimed to inform communities 
regarding our proposed plans  
to expand. Williams consistently 
demonstrates our ability to work  
with a wide range of stakeholders  
in a constructive manner to address 
regulatory, political and community 
concerns to facilitate the construction 
of important infrastructure 
expansions in challenging markets. 
The quickly evolving regulatory 
landscape requires Williams  
to actively work to meet new 
environmental permitting 
requirements, implement new 
regulatory initiatives and articulate 
our actions to a broader stakeholder 
network. Williams actively supports 
efforts to collaborate to confront new 
challenges and expand access to 
affordable energy in communities 
across the United States. For more 
information on Williams’ efforts to 
educate the public, see the Public 
Perception section on page 29;  
more information on stakeholder 
engagement is on page 9.
Operations Technician Benjamin B. in the North Desoto facility in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.
99.96%
2016
99.97%
2017
100.00%
2018
99.99%
2019
99.88%
2020
Transmission Reliability
Percentage of deliverability based on reduction of firm transport volumes (due to unplanned and/or planned outages) 
vs. annual deliveries. Information is specific to our transmission business and does not include gathering and 
processing. Data excludes joint ventures.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
24
As one of the largest energy 
infrastructure companies in the 
United States, we understand the 
important role natural gas plays  
in a viable and sustainable future.  
We also understand the need to 
address the risks of climate change. 
Williams will leverage our existing 
knowledge, capabilities and 
technology to focus on immediate 
opportunities to mitigate climate 
change risk, scale renewables and 
build a clean energy economy. In 
2020, we announced our climate 
commitment, setting a near-term  
goal of a 56% absolute reduction 
from 2005 levels in company-wide 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, 
which puts us on a trajectory to be 
net zero carbon emissions by 2050.  
For additional information on 
reducing greenhouse gas emissions 
from our operations, see page 40. 
Natural gas is an integral part of the 
low-carbon future, particularly when it 
comes to displacing higher-emission 
fuels such as coal and heating oil. 
Natural gas emits about half as  
much carbon dioxide as coal and 
30% less than oil, as well as far  
fewer pollutants, per unit of energy 
delivered. The transition to natural gas 
from coal and other high-emission 
fuels has accounted for much of  
the decrease in greenhouse gas 
emissions from the United States 
electric sector in recent years.  
The United States is the world’s 
largest producer of natural gas,  
and exported liquefied natural gas 
can also help reduce the need for 
coal-powered generation in other 
parts of the world, further reducing 
global greenhouse gas emissions.
Natural gas is the largest source  
of electric power generation in the 
United States. It is also a reliable  
fuel source, making it the ideal 
partner for intermittent renewable 
energy sources like wind and solar 
power. Coupling gas-fired plants with 
renewable energy, such as solar, can 
help promote clean energy reliability.
Williams is working to deliver  
clean energy while increasing  
our capabilities to reduce our  
own emissions and identifying 
renewable sources of energy to  
our customers. For information  
on managing our operational 
greenhouse gas emissions, see  
the Operational Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions section on page 38.
Climate Change
GRI 103-1
Cumulative Emissions Reductions From Displacing Coal*
Natural Gas Market Share
*Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration, Net Generation From All Sectors; Energy-Related Carbon Dioxide Emissions.
Coal Market Share Cumulative CO2 Savings From Shift Towards Natural Gas 
and Increase in Non-Carbon Generation Since 2005
60%
50%
20%
40%
10%
30%
0%
70%
600
500
200
400
100
300
0
700
800
900
Million Metric Tons of CO2 Savings
Market Share (U.S. Net Generation All Sectors)
2007
56
2008
88
2009
202
2010
187
2011
277
2012
380
2013
376
2014
396
2015
527
2016
629
2017
685
2018
755
2019
885
2006
63

25
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy
Strategy
GRI 103-2
Our climate strategy provides an 
immediate, practical and affordable 
solution for reducing emissions by 
providing cleaner natural gas to 
reduce electricity generated from oil 
and coal. Natural gas is also key to 
supporting the scaling of renewable 
energy to the power grid in large 
volumes. In 2020, we expanded  
our focus on renewable energy and 
emerging opportunities to execute 
right here, right now opportunities 
while also focusing on our  
roadmap to achieving our climate 
commitments and innovations for  
the future. Our strategy to address 
the risks and opportunities of  
climate change includes: 
 »  Connecting the best natural  
gas supplies to the lowest  
cost markets to maximize 
transportation efficiency,  
improve cost-effectiveness and 
significantly reduce emissions;
 »  Funding and participating in 
research related to emissions 
detection, quantification and 
reduction technologies;
 »  Exploring and implementing  
clean energy opportunities, 
including renewable natural  
gas, solar energy, hydrogen  
and carbon capture and storage; 
 »  Advocating for sound, actionable 
energy and climate change 
policies; and 
 »  Collaborating with peer companies 
through key industry initiatives and 
trade organization involvement to 
uncover and implement innovative 
best practices.
Williams views our commitment  
to environmental protection,  
climate-related practices and 
sustainability as fundamental  
to our business practices and 
includes it in our corporate strategy 
process. Williams utilizes scenario 
analysis in our corporate strategy 
process to identify and test plausible 
scenarios of the future focusing  
on industry market fundamentals.
We develop and vet the scenarios 
against publicly available projections 
to test our strategic assumptions.  
We then evaluate the range of 
potential impacts on our business 
and identify strategic risks and 
opportunities for each scenario.  
In 2020, one such scenario—green 
transformation—evaluated an 
accelerated renewables penetration 
scenario, driven primarily by 
decarbonization policies and public 
sentiment and its influence on  
our business. Our expanded focus 
on renewables and emerging 
opportunities will provide options for 
growth in this scenario.
To increase transparency and 
respond to growing interest in  
our climate-related practices and 
performance, we are working to align 
our climate change reporting with  
the recommendations established  
by the Financial Stability Board’s  
Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures. For additional 
information on how Williams manages 
the risks and opportunities of climate 
change, see our response to the  
CDP climate change questionnaire.
Governance
GRI 103-3
Our commitment to mitigating climate 
change risk extends to all levels of 
the organization, from front-line 
employees to the board of directors. 
The board oversees the effectiveness 
of the company’s environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) risk 
management approach and ensures 
that senior leadership focuses on 
relevant sustainability matters, 
including climate change. While 
climate-related topics can arise 
within the purview of each board 
committee as well as the full board, 
the governance and sustainability 
committee has oversight for ESG 
strategy and policies. 
The governance and sustainability 
committee has responsibility for 
providing general direction on 
decisions regarding the sustainability 
of the business and tracking the  
ESG strategy. This includes 
reviewing Williams’ environmental 
and climate-related initiatives. The 
committee regularly reports to the  
full board of directors on relevant 
topics for further discussion.
Climate change topics also 
periodically arise within the 
environmental, health and  
safety committee, which has 
responsibility for environmental 
issues, including environmental 
sustainability. Specifically, the 
committee provides oversight on 
compliance with applicable and 
proposed environmental legislation, 
regulations and orders; conformance 
with industry standards and  
best practices; asset reliability; 
operational risk management; and 
asset integrity plans and programs.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
26
The audit committee provides 
guidance for legal and fiduciary 
obligations with respect to accounting, 
financial reporting auditing and internal 
controls. As a part of this oversight,  
the committee has responsibility to 
discuss policies around our Enterprise 
Risk Management framework, which 
includes risk categories linked to 
climate change.
Williams’ management level ESG 
director is tasked with developing 
and executing our strategy for 
increasing ESG integration, raising 
the visibility of our ESG capabilities 
and engaging with shareholders  
to understand ESG expectations  
and communicate our performance. 
To align these responsibilities with 
our corporate strategy, the ESG 
director reports to Williams’ senior 
vice president of corporate strategic 
development. In 2020, Williams 
created a renewables and emerging 
opportunities team to evaluate  
clean energy and renewable  
natural gas opportunities, and to  
help inform Williams’ climate and 
corporate strategies.
To promote strong governance over 
environmental practices, Williams 
established a target to reduce loss  
of primary containment (LOPC) 
events, including the unplanned  
or uncontrolled release of methane. 
Achieving this target influences 
short-term, annual incentives for  
all employees eligible for our  
Annual Incentive Program (AIP).  
We weighted the goal at 5% of  
our 2020 AIP for all employees 
including the C-suite. For more 
information about our AIP, see the 
Employee Benefits on page 82.
Risk Management
GRI 201-2
Climate change may create physical 
risks to our business. A decrease  
in energy use due to climate change 
may affect our financial condition 
through decreased revenues. 
Extreme climate conditions generally 
require more system backup, which 
can add costs and contribute to 
increased system stresses, including 
service interruptions. Our assets and 
operations, particularly those located 
offshore, as well as our customers’ 
assets and operations can be 
adversely affected by hurricanes, 
floods, earthquakes, landslides, 
tornadoes, fires and other weather 
conditions such as extreme or 
unseasonable temperatures.
Our primary objective is to be  
a leader in safely delivering the  
products people rely on for electricity 
generation, heating and cooking  
while contributing to the clean energy 
economy. We believe that successfully 
managing our ESG performance 
strongly correlates to our ability to 
mitigate risk and deliver long-term 
value to shareholders. We integrate 
climate-related considerations as a 
component of operational risk, which 
we incorporate into key business 
planning and our annual operational 
risk management processes.
An annual Strategic Risk survey is 
conducted to assess, score and 
prioritize risks that could impact 
Williams’ strategic objectives. 
Williams has identified 30 risk 
categories that are consolidated  
into four classifications: Strategic, 
Operational, Compliance and 
Reporting. Elements of climate 
change risk are integrated into  
the 30 risk categories.
Participants of the Strategic Risk 
survey include vice presidents and 
above and other key management 
and risk owners. Participants score 
each of the 30 risks on the degree of 
impact and likelihood of occurrence, 
as well as provide perspectives  
on existing control effectiveness  
and perceived risk tolerance. Top 
risks identified from the survey are 
provided to executive management 
to validate, agree on risk tolerance, 
and assign executive accountability 
and are then presented to the board 
of directors annually during the 
strategy board meeting.
Our business continuity planning  
and training includes potential 
impacts from future weather and 
climate events, and helps Williams 
employees appropriately respond 
when such challenges arise. As  
part of our operating process, we 
incorporate sufficient resiliency into 
our operations and systems based 
on historical weather patterns in the 
different regions where we operate. 
We have observed an increase  
in annual severe weather events 
impacting our facilities, and we  
are taking that into account in  
our evaluations. We are actively 
assessing both acute and chronic 
physical risk trends in our areas  
of operations.
We have faced, and will likely 
continue to face, opposition to  
the operation and expansion  
of our pipelines and facilities from 
governmental officials, environmental 
groups, landowners, tribal groups, 
local groups and others. While 
natural gas is critical to the clean 
energy economy, we recognize that 
stakeholder opposition may affect 
our ability to maintain and expand 
our operations. For more information 
on public perception, see page 29.

27
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy
Increasing scrutiny and changing 
stakeholder expectations regarding 
our ESG practices may also expose 
us to new or additional reputational 
risks and/or cost of capital risks.  
Our investors’ increased focus and 
activism related to ESG and similar 
matters may hinder access to capital 
and our ability to sustain share price 
valuations. Adaptation to investor  
or other stakeholder standards is  
an important way of protecting the 
company value, regardless of whether 
there is a legal requirement to do so. 
As part of our corporate strategy, we 
are working to understand and align 
with investor ESG expectations. We 
are increasing transparency related 
to our climate change performance, 
including through our annual 
sustainability report and the CDP 
climate change questionnaire.
Climate change regulations may 
expose us to additional risk as  
well. Our operations are subject to 
environmental laws and regulations, 
many of which are related to  
climate change and greenhouse  
gas emissions. These regulations 
may expose us to significant costs, 
liabilities and expenditures above  
our expectations if we do not  
factor them into our current risk 
management strategy.
Climate change regulations and 
associated costs could result in 
increased operations and 
maintenance costs, new emission 
control expenditures at our facilities 
or administrative changes to our 
greenhouse gas compliance 
program. Using an estimate of $8  
per metric ton CO2e in 2021, the 
estimated gross expense to offset 
Williams 2020 Scope 1 emissions 
would be $83,440,000 USD, which 
could be potentially reduced by 
customer agreements. 
We continue to monitor legislative 
and regulatory developments related 
to climate change in addition to 
pursuing efforts to voluntarily reduce 
greenhouse gas emissions from our 
facilities. We are also taking steps  
to operationalize an internal cost of 
carbon to drive emissions reduction 
projects before that future regulatory 
risk is actualized. This internal cost  
of carbon will be an evaluation factor 
to reinforce projects and work 
practices that are most impactful in 
reducing our operational greenhouse 
gas emissions. Williams’ internal  
cost of carbon will consider external 
carbon market values to ensure  
that we are spending our capital in  
a competitive and meaningful way. 
This mindset of mitigating risks in  
a way that delivers long-term value  
to shareholders also drives our 
integration of cleaner energies and 
technologies, which will help to 
mitigate climate change regulation 
risk as well. For additional information 
on the risks and opportunities of  
climate change, see our 2020 CDP 
Response. For a full list of Williams’ 
risk factors, including those related 
to climate change, see our 2020 
10-K Annual Report.
Programs  
& Initiatives
Renewable Natural Gas 
Williams is working to deliver clean 
and reliable natural gas while 
identifying renewable sources of  
fuel that meet customer needs. In 
2020, Williams joined the Leadership 
Advisory Board on the Coalition for 
Renewable Natural Gas—a public 
policy advocacy and education 
platform for the renewable natural 
gas industry in North America. The 
coalition advocates for sustainable 
development, deployment and 
utilization of renewable natural  
gas so that present and future 
generations will have access to 
domestic, renewable, clean fuel and 
energy. The coalition’s sustainable 
methane abatement and recycling 
timeline initiative intends to capture 
and control methane from more than 
40,000 organic waste sites in North 
America by 2050.
These are difficult projects to get up and going and one of  
the big issues is access to the interstate pipeline grid. We’ve 
had a great partnership with Williams and they’ve helped us 
work through the technical challenges and some of the costs 
associated with getting renewable natural gas from a project 
like this into the pipeline grid. 
DAN EVANS, PRESIDENT OF PROMUS ENERGY AND  
PARTNER IN WASHINGTON DAIRY RNG PROJECT

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
28
Williams delivers renewable natural 
gas by partnering with renewable 
energy developers in Washington, 
Idaho, Ohio and Texas to transport 
methane emissions captured from 
landfills or dairy farms where the 
methane is a byproduct of the waste 
decomposition process. Methane 
produced from the waste is a 
renewable fuel and is captured as 
biogas rather than being released 
directly into the atmosphere. 
Williams’ pipeline systems are 
interconnected with six renewable 
natural facilities, four of which are  
on Northwest Pipeline.
Hydrogen
As a midstream industry leader, we 
believe we can successfully leverage 
our business as the world moves to a 
low-carbon future, while helping our 
customers and stakeholders meet 
their climate goals. Hydrogen offers 
versatility as a method for energy 
storage, a source of fuel and even 
feedstock for various industrial-  
and energy-related processes.
Williams is currently evaluating the 
use of clean hydrogen produced 
from renewable power and 
electrolysis or methane reforming, 
coupled with carbon capture, to 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions 
within selected compression 
applications. We are also studying 
the impact of blending clean 
hydrogen with natural gas in our 
pipeline infrastructure. This key tool 
for decarbonization could reduce 
downstream greenhouse gas 
emissions for customers along our 
infrastructure network and aid them  
in achieving their own emissions 
reduction objectives. Williams will 
also be evaluating the potential  
of our processing facilities and 
compression assets, coupled  
with clean hydrogen sourced from 
renewable power and electrolysis,  
to generate synthetic natural gas  
and distribute to our customer  
base. Processes such as synthetic 
natural gas production reduce 
carbon dioxide and utilize hydrogen 
with no adverse impact on existing 
pipeline infrastructure. 
While ongoing research efforts 
advance hydrogen transportation 
solutions—such as more efficient 
compression, blending, liquefaction 
and others—ammonia presents itself 
as a suitable carrier for large-scale 
storage and long-term transportation 
of clean hydrogen. Hydrogen 
molecules can be paired with nitrogen 
to make clean ammonia, which can be 
disassociated at the point of hydrogen 
demand or utilized as ammonia. 
Williams possesses the capability  
and the expertise to transport liquid 
ammonia as demonstrated by our 
existing ammonia business near the 
Houston Ship Channel.
Williams is a founding board  
member of the Clean Hydrogen 
Future Coalition, a newly launched 
coalition that supports the adoption 
of clean hydrogen in the United 
States. Together with fellow energy 
companies, labor unions, utilities, 
nongovernmental organizations, 
equipment suppliers and project 
developers, we will identify specific 
actions that the United States can 
take to create and scale the clean 
hydrogen economy. Williams is 
actively evaluating opportunities to 
collaborate with the U.S. Department 
of Energy and industry-funded  
pilot projects and will participate  
in research with institutions such  
as the University of Oklahoma.
Carbon Capture,  
Utilization & Storage 
To achieve net zero emissions by 
mid-century, the world will need to 
leverage carbon capture, utilization 
and storage (CCUS) to decarbonize 
hard-to-abate industrial applications. 
Williams already captures carbon 
dioxide at some of our gas 
processing and treatment plants, 
where the carbon dioxide is removed 
primarily to make the gas safe for 
handling. At our Dilley treatment 
facility in Texas, we capture an 
amine vent stream, which is primarily 
carbon dioxide, and inject it into an 
underground disposal well. At our 
Parachute Creek gas processing 
plant in Colorado, we capture carbon 
dioxide through amine treatment of 
the gas stream and provide that as  
a feedstock for industrial chemical 
production. Williams is currently 
evaluating numerous carbon  
capture opportunities from our 
current and future operations for 
utilization or storage, to further 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Director of Operations Briana S. and 
Senior Operations Technician Brad G. at 
the Transco compressor station in Virginia.

29
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy
Public Perception
GRI 103-1; 103-2; 103-3
Natural gas is a critical component  
of today’s energy mix and one of the 
most important tools to aggressively 
displace more carbon-intensive  
fuels such as coal and heating oil. 
The International Energy Agency  
has credited natural gas with  
helping the United States be a  
world leader in reducing emissions. 
Yet while this energy source is vital  
to transitioning to a low-carbon 
economy, we recognize there is 
public and regulatory opposition  
to natural gas development. 
Williams plays an active role in 
educating and engaging communities, 
customers, nongovernmental 
organizations, industry associations 
and government officials to 
understand different perspectives  
and explore collaborative solutions 
built on open communication.
Helping stakeholders understand  
the environmental and social  
benefits of natural gas is essential  
to progressing the world’s energy 
transition to clean and renewable 
energy as well as reduces the risks 
to our business strategy that may 
originate from misinformation.
Managing public perception  
and educating stakeholders about 
our products is an enterprise-wide 
endeavor supported by key  
business functions, including 
investor relations, communications, 
government affairs, community 
outreach and executive 
management. All Williams  
employees have a role in managing 
the perception of our business.  
The Williams Ambassador program 
provides tools for employees to have 
quality, fact-based conversations 
about Williams and our role in the 
clean energy future with friends, 
family and colleagues.
We host town hall and community 
meetings in person, when 
appropriate, to listen to feedback 
and discuss the benefits of our 
projects to local communities, the 
environment and the economy. We 
will continue our strong leadership 
efforts to advocate for a clean energy 
economy that includes natural  
gas. For example, in 2020, we led 
the formation of an industry group  
called Natural Allies to educate the 
general public on the benefits of 
clean and affordable natural gas.  
In 2020, Natural Allies ran a pilot 
program in Michigan, North Carolina, 
Pennsylvania and Texas to measure 
and refine the effectiveness of  
our messages to locally and federally 
elected leaders. For more information 
on public policy, see page 30.
Perception of Williams’ 
Mission Statement*
Perception of the  
Natural Gas Industry*
Perception of Natural Gas in the 
U.S. Clean Energy Economy*
32% strongly 
favorable
57% somewhat 
favorable
12% somewhat 
unfavorable
9% strongly 
unfavorable
25% strongly 
favorable
51% somewhat 
favorable
2% no opinion/
never heard
17% somewhat 
unfavorable
5% strongly 
unfavorable
83% should be 17% should  
not be
*Source: Williams Community Branding Research

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
30
Public Policy
Natural gas will continue to play  
an important role in energy transition  
by complementing renewable  
energy sources and displacing 
higher-carbon-emitting fossil fuels. 
Williams’ growth depends on support 
for energy infrastructure expansion in 
North America. Government policies 
at the federal, state and local levels 
affect our existing operations and 
future project plans. Williams works 
with government stakeholders  
and regulatory agencies on topics  
related to Williams’ operations  
and on energy policies. In 2020,  
we engaged on a variety of issues  
at the state and federal levels,  
including energy infrastructure 
policies, permitting reform and 
modernization, and pipeline safety.
Our government affairs and outreach 
teams have primary responsibility  
for engaging policymakers and  
other government stakeholders on 
our projects and policy positions.
In 2020, Williams implemented  
a comprehensive stakeholder 
management system to enhance 
engagement with these individuals 
through newsletters and other 
corporate communications. The  
new system will also allow Williams  
to better track support for company 
initiatives we implement.
Following the emergence and rapid 
spread of COVID-19, many states 
issued stay-at-home orders intended 
to slow transmission of the virus. 
Much of Williams’ workforce operates 
our infrastructure assets, work that 
requires in-person monitoring and 
maintenance. These workers 
continued reporting to their offices or 
sites during the pandemic, following 
federal, state and Williams-specific 
health safety guidelines. Our 
government affairs team worked with 
state officials and kept the Williams 
workforce updated on rapidly 
changing local requirements.
The government affairs and  
outreach teams collaborate with  
local government stakeholders to 
discuss our project work and address 
questions and concerns. For example, 
Williams discussed the results of the 
Dynamic Delivery, America’s Evolving 
Oil and Natural Gas Transportation 
Infrastructure National Petroleum 
Council study on a panel with the 
Bipartisan Policy Center and on a 
podcast with the Center for Strategic 
and International Studies. These 
engagement efforts help advance 
industry knowledge and broaden 
public understanding of our industry.
In late 2020, Williams leadership 
started outreach and engagement 
with incoming President Joe  
Biden’s transition team staff to 
educate them on the company,  
our climate commitment and  
focus on future innovations. 
Williams is demonstrating the sincerity of its new and ambitious 
56% by 2030 and net zero by 2050 corporate-wide emissions 
reductions targets in both word and deed. A key component  
of their pledge is the commitment to advancing and developing 
the energy ecosystems of the future—from highly efficient,  
industry-leading natural gas infrastructure to their strategic 
investments in solar energy, renewable and bio-gases, 
hydrogen and carbon capture, utilization and sequestration.  
The ability to listen, adapt and lead is a hallmark of Williams 
corporate leadership. 
DAVID L. GOLDWYN, PRESIDENT OF GOLDWYN GLOBAL STRATEGIES, LLC

31
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy
Trade Associations
GRI 102-13
Williams belongs to a number of 
trade associations at the national, 
state and local levels. The trade 
associations we engage with have 
varied positions on key public policy 
issues that are often, but not always, 
aligned with those of Williams.  
We work to engage with trade 
associations that share our public 
policy positions. Examples of the 
major trade associations we engaged 
with in 2020 are listed below.
 » American Petroleum Institute
 »  American Society of  
Mechanical Engineers
 »  American Society  
of Safety Engineers
 » Association of Oil Pipelines
 » The Business Roundtable
 » Clean Hydrogen Future Coalition
 »  Coalition for Renewable  
Natural Gas
 » Common Ground Alliance
 » Consumer Energy Alliance
 » Energy Infrastructure Council
 » GPA Midstream
 »  Interstate Natural Gas  
Association of America
 » Marcellus Shale Coalition
 »  National Society of  
Professional Engineers
 » Northwest Gas Association
 »  Pipeline Research  
Council International
 » Southern Gas Association
Continued active membership and 
leadership roles in trade associations 
help us amplify the industry voice 
and collectively work on public  
policy priorities.
For example, Williams is a member of 
Energy Infrastructure Council (EIC), 
and our chief executive officer serves 
on the board and on the board’s ESG 
Working Group.
Through this partnership, we are 
leading the way on transparent 
reporting. Williams recently  
co-chaired an initiative with EIC  
to launch the first-ever midstream 
company ESG reporting template. 
This important development  
will allow all midstream energy 
infrastructure companies to coalesce 
and present the sustainability metrics 
that matter most to investors in a 
transparent and comparable way. 
We look forward to widespread 
adoption by both the midstream 
industry and investment community. 
For more information, see our  
EIC template.
Williams discloses all expenditures  
of corporate funds used for 
nondeductible lobbying and political 
expenditures on our website.
Executive Assistant Kelly S. and Contract Analyst Ambar M. in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
32
WILLCO PAC giving and corporate 
political giving include bipartisan 
contributions to federal and state 
campaign committees and candidates 
for elected office, where permitted  
by law, to support policies that  
enable the delivery of all forms  
of clean energy. In addition to PAC 
giving, in 2020 Williams made 
corporate political contributions at 
the state-level to members of both 
political parties totaling $127,100.
We comply with lobbying registration 
requirements and verify that  
our contract lobbyists are in 
compliance. The Center for Political 
Accountability’s CPA-Zicklin Index 
measures political disclosure and 
accountability policies and practices 
for election-related spending by S&P 
500 companies. Williams scored over 
90% on this comprehensive ratings 
Index, ranking as a “trendsetter” 
company. We provide a link on our 
website to the Office of the Clerk for 
the U.S. House of Representatives 
where our federal disclosures for 
lobbying activities are available, 
including our aggregate spending for 
lobbying and payments to lobbying 
service providers. We also provide 
yearly political corporate contribution 
reports and reports of corporate funds 
expenditures to trade associations. 
Economic 
Development
The United States has an abundant 
supply of natural gas. By responsibly 
harnessing this local resource,  
we can help reduce the country’s 
demand for foreign energy, spur  
local economic development  
and positively influence global 
economies. Williams supports 
economic development in the areas 
where we operate by creating jobs, 
investing in civic improvements and 
working with local service providers. 
Williams also brings economic benefits 
to local governments through taxes.  
In 2020, we were charged $189 million 
in property taxes across our locations. 
We have contributed more than  
$230 million in total Employer Federal 
Insurance Contribution Act taxes over 
the past five years.
Williams continues to maintain 
memberships in several state and 
local chambers of commerce and 
related economic development 
organizations. Membership in  
these organizations provides 
Williams the opportunity to interact 
with small businesses to understand 
their needs and concerns, as well  
as communicate the local and  
global benefits of our projects and 
infrastructure investments. The 
following are examples of recent 
Williams projects that support local 
economic development in the areas 
where we operate.
Political 
Contributions
GRI 103-1; 103-2; 103-3; 415-1
Williams makes bipartisan political 
contributions that support the 
advancement of the company’s 
interests and those of our industry. 
Before Williams contributes to 
candidate campaigns, our legal 
department reviews the proposed 
contribution to confirm compliance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
Additionally, the governance  
and sustainability committee  
annually reviews the company’s 
political contributions.
We created the WILLCO PAC, 
Williams’ political action committee, 
in 1985. This nonprofit committee, 
which is registered with the Federal 
Election Commission, is an 
independent, nonpartisan entity  
that raises contributions from  
eligible Williams employees to 
support candidates for congressional 
and state offices where permitted  
by law. Employee participation in 
WILLCO PAC is strictly voluntary.
North DeSoto facility in 
DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.

33
Providing Clean, Affordable & Reliable Energy
Leidy South Project
The project is supporting the 
expansion of Williams’ existing 
Pennsylvania energy infrastructure 
designed to connect robust supplies 
of natural gas in northern and 
western Pennsylvania with growing 
natural gas demand centers along 
the Atlantic Seaboard. In addition  
to the direct workforce, Williams  
also engaged six local firms for 
engineering and road-related  
work. Leidy South is anticipated  
to be placed into service in 2021.
An economic impact analysis of the 
project indicated the facilities would 
generate $100 million in economic 
activity for Pennsylvania. Additionally, 
analysts forecast the project will 
support 680 jobs with combined 
earnings of $28 million and produce 
$1.3 million in state tax revenue. 
These projections are based on  
data provided by Williams and  
were generated by a third-party 
research firm using sophisticated 
research software.
Bluestem Pipeline  
Expansion Project 
Williams completed construction of the 
Bluestem Pipeline expansion project 
and put it into service in 2020. This 
project provides a critical connection 
to allow Williams to transport natural 
gas liquids from Conway, Kansas, to 
Kingfisher, Oklahoma. The Bluestem 
Pipeline expansion created 800 jobs 
required to manage and construct 
this important project.
We provide locally hired individuals 
with opportunities to develop 
technical and leadership skills  
that will benefit them throughout  
their careers. As one of the  
larger employers in many smaller 
communities, Williams proudly offers 
job opportunities to local talent to 
allow them to stay and prosper in  
the communities they call home. Our 
efforts to hire locally include career 
fairs, employee referral programs 
and hiring bonuses in remote areas. 
We also support technical schools, 
colleges and universities through 
partnerships and scholarships to 
develop a pool of future candidates.
Regional Energy  
Access Project 
We work to analyze the potential  
and real outcomes of our expansion 
projects. By better understanding the 
current economic impacts of existing 
operations in our footprint, we can 
effectively share information about 
these benefits with local organizations. 
In 2020, Williams commissioned 
Rutgers University, a public  
land-grant research university, to 
conduct an economic analysis of our 
proposed Regional Energy Access 
project. This study evaluated the 
project benefits in both Pennsylvania 
and New Jersey, indicating 
significant economic benefits at the 
state and county levels. We will use 
the regional outcomes of this study  
to inform stakeholders about the 
forthcoming benefits of the project. 
Additionally, Williams engaged Wilkes 
University to assess the impacts  
of our projects at a more localized 
level. The study results will aid the 
company in how to inform local 
stakeholders about project benefits.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
34
Contents
Company Overview
Providing Clean, 
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
Minimizing  
Our Footprint
Protecting People  
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
Building an 
Empowered 
Workforce
Strengthening 
Communities
About This Report
WE MAKE CLEAN ENERGY HAPPEN® 
Minimizing  
Our Footprint
At Williams, we take care to preserve the  
environment for future generations while improving 
today’s standards of living by delivering natural gas 
products that reliably fuel the clean energy economy. 
Our commitment to reduce emissions, safeguard 
biodiversity and responsibly manage critical natural 
resources requires that we incorporate environmental 
considerations into our decision-making process  
at all stages of our operations. We have processes  
in place to mitigate environmental risk across our 
operations and we strive to meet or exceed applicable 
laws and regulations.
Solar panel at a measurement site near  
the Dallas Fort Worth International Airport.

35
Minimizing Our Footprint

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
36
Environmental  
Compliance
We aim to serve as responsible 
stewards of the environment while 
recognizing that the assets we 
operate and the products we  
deliver can affect people and the 
environment. Our Environmental, 
Health and Safety Policy outlines  
our commitment to protect  
the environment and integrate 
environmental considerations  
into our core business activities. 
Every employee and contractor  
is responsible for adhering to this 
policy. Williams’ environmental, 
health and safety board of  
directors committee oversees  
our company-wide culture of 
environmental protection, as  
outlined in our Environmental,  
Health and Safety Policy.
The Williams Integrated Management 
System is how we put our 
Environmental, Health and Safety 
Policy into action. This management 
system serves as our company-wide 
platform for providing requirements, 
guidelines, procedures, standards 
and specifications to manage and 
reduce operational and environmental 
risk. Our employees use Williams 
Integrated Management System every 
day to conduct critical work, ensure 
compliance with regulations and 
mitigate impacts to the environment. 
Changing regulatory requirements 
and our steadfast commitment to 
continuous improvement drive 
proactive updates to the system.
Upholding compliance with local, 
state and federal regulations while 
protecting the environment is critical 
to maintaining operational excellence, 
protecting our license to operate  
and delivering value to our 
shareholders. We are committed to 
meeting or exceeding all applicable 
environmental laws and regulations. 
As part of our recently updated 
compliance tracking system,  
we assign and track tasks to  
monitor completion of recurring 
environmental compliance 
responsibilities. Reminders associated 
with each task go out to relevant 
employees ahead of due dates to 
minimize risks of noncompliance.  
To reinforce the importance of 
maintaining company compliance, 
Williams continues to reward  
front-line employees for timely 
completion of required tasks through 
the quarterly bonus incentive. 
In 2020, Williams received 21 
environmental-related notices  
of noncompliance. We strive  
to reduce this number to zero.  
We set a goal to reduce notices  
of noncompliance by 10% in 2020.
reduction in environmental-related 
notices of noncompliance since 2017.
53% 
McPherson Valley wetlands in McPherson, Kansas.

37
Minimizing Our Footprint
Our Environmental Assessment 
Program (EAP) establishes a  
risk-based evaluation process to 
systematically assess Williams’ 
compliance with federal, state and 
local environmental regulations and 
with Williams Integrated Management 
System requirements. We apply  
this environmental management  
plan at all stages of a project,  
from land acquisition, development  
and construction, through to 
decommissioning and restoration. 
The EAP teams consist of internal 
and third-party environmental  
and audit professionals working 
collaboratively with operations 
across the company to identify 
potential issues and evaluate 
environmental performance trends.
By identifying opportunities for 
improvement, the program evaluates 
the effectiveness of our existing 
environmental programs and 
procedures. In 2020, we integrated 
an EAP document into the Williams 
Integrated Management System 
structure to communicate specific 
responsibilities and participation 
requirements at all levels necessary 
to accomplish each environmental 
assessment. The EAP demonstrates 
leadership’s commitment to assuring 
environmental compliance through 
evaluating sites on a periodic basis.
In 2020, we expanded the EAP to 
evaluate construction projects of 
various complexities in an effort to 
continually improve it, further reduce 
environmental compliance risk and 
help improve in-field performance.  
We conducted two pilot projects to 
evaluate our expanded focus. In 2020, 
we assessed four gas plants, one 
liquefied natural gas (LNG) plant, one 
storage facility and two compressor 
stations through the EAP. Based on 
lessons learned, four construction 
projects are scheduled for evaluation 
in 2021 and we plan to add the 
construction evaluation process to the 
EAP Williams Integrated Management 
System requirement.
Catoosa High School students releasing fingerling trout into the Lower Illinois River  
as part of Trout Unlimited’s Trout in the Classroom program, sponsored by Williams.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
38
Operational Greenhouse
Gas Emissions
Williams aims to serve as a 
responsible steward of the 
environment. We recognize that  
the assets we operate and the 
products we deliver can affect 
people and the environment.  
As one of the largest midstream 
natural gas operators in the  
country, we have the difficult task  
of balancing evolving customer 
demand and existing technology 
constraints with concerns about 
climate change. By increasing  
the efficiency of our operations, 
leveraging low carbon energy and 
implementing emissions reduction 
technologies, Williams is actively 
working to minimize our operational 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse 
gas emissions. 
Transparent 
Reporting
SASB EM-MD-110a.1; GRI 102-56
Accurately tracking greenhouse  
gas emissions with measurable data 
enables us to effectively communicate 
our performance to our stakeholders 
and identify opportunities to reduce 
operational emissions. Our Williams 
Integrated Management System 
includes requirements for monitoring 
greenhouse gas emissions and 
complying with federal and state 
reporting requirements. We prepare 
and submit an annual greenhouse 
gas emissions inventory to the  
U.S. Environmental Protection  
Agency (EPA) for our midstream 
gathering, processing and interstate 
transmission and storage operations.  
We also track and report Scope 1  
and Scope 2 emissions data in 
accordance with the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol.
Our subject matter experts and 
engineering groups work directly  
with environmental specialists and 
operations personnel to use this  
data to develop and implement 
initiatives to mitigate greenhouse  
gas emissions. In 2020, we made 
improvements to our greenhouse  
gas emissions dashboard to show 
emissions for each Williams 
compressor station, processing  
plant and fractionator, regardless  
of minimum regulatory required 
reporting thresholds. This level of 
detail enabled our environmental 
specialists to more effectively 
evaluate and develop emissions 
reduction opportunities and strategies 
specific to the facilities they manage. 
Williams engaged ERM Certification 
and Verification Services (ERM CVS) 
to provide third-party verification of 
our 2020 greenhouse gas emissions. 
ERM CVS provided assurance that 
the adjacent greenhouse gas data 
was fairly presented in all material 
respects with reporting criteria:  
total 2020 absolute Scope 1 
greenhouse gas emissions, total 
2020 location-based Scope 2 
greenhouse gas emissions,  
and total 2020 Scope 1 and 2 
greenhouse gas emissions. See  
page 124 for our full Assurance Letter.
Scope 1 and Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas  
Emissions (million metric tons CO2e)
Scope 1 Scope 2
12
10
4
8
2
6
0
14
2018 2019 2020
10.74
1.15
11.89
11.13
1.55
12.67
11.94
1.50
10.43

39
Minimizing Our Footprint
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions Target 
SASB EM-MD-110a.2
In 2020, Williams set a near-term 
goal of 56% absolute reduction  
from 2005 levels in company-wide 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2030, 
which puts us on a trajectory to be 
net zero carbon emissions by 2050. 
To meet our near-term goal for 2030, 
Williams will leverage our natural 
gas-focused strategy and technology 
that is available today to reduce 
emissions, scale renewables and 
build a clean energy economy.  
We will do so while looking forward 
and anticipating innovations  
for the future like hydrogen and 
carbon capture, utilization and 
storage (CCUS) that will ultimately 
contribute to our aspiration to be  
net zero by 2050.
To reach our 2030 target, Williams is 
utilizing technology readily available 
today such as pursuing methane 
emissions reduction opportunities 
through leak detection and repair 
(LDAR), work practice improvements 
and evaluating equipment upgrades 
on a site-specific basis. This  
near-term phase also includes 
employing innovative emissions 
reduction strategies through 
research organizations and trade 
groups. Williams is also investing in 
solar power generation to support 
the power needs of specific natural 
gas transmission and processing 
operations sites.  
Our 2030 target shows a commitment 
by Williams to executing on 
opportunities in the here and now 
and in a timeframe that holds our 
leadership accountable.
Voluntary LDAR, blowdown 
minimization and evaluation of 
opportunities to cost-effectively 
reduce methane emitting equipment 
are expected to collectively 
contribute up to 20% of the total 
reductions necessary to achieve our 
net zero goal. For more information, 
see our website.
It is one thing to talk about creating a cleaner 
future—it’s another to act on it. Williams was  
the first North American midstream company to 
establish a climate commitment, and we are leading 
the way for stakeholders to hold us accountable.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
40
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions Reduction 
SASB EM-MD-110a.2
Our operational greenhouse gas 
emissions occur at Williams assets  
in the gathering and boosting, 
natural gas processing and 
transmission and storage sectors. 
These assets primarily include 
intrastate gathering and interstate 
transmission pipelines, compressor 
stations, natural gas processing 
plants and LNG and underground 
storage facilities.
Our desire to reduce operational 
greenhouse gas emissions includes 
operating our assets efficiently 
through preventive maintenance; 
conducting LDAR assessments; 
implementing recompression 
measures and installing emissions 
reduction equipment such as electric 
motors, compressor vent gas 
reduction systems and low or no 
emission control devices. For 
information on reducing indirect 
greenhouse gas emissions from the 
use of our products, see page 24.
Williams has been a member of the 
U.S. EPA Natural Gas STAR program 
since its inception in 1993. Natural 
Gas STAR is a voluntary partnership 
that encourages oil and natural gas 
companies to adopt cost-effective 
technologies and practices that 
improve operational efficiency  
and reduce methane emissions. 
From 1993 to 2020, Williams avoided 
almost 5 million metric tons of CO2e 
by implementing industry best 
practices and partnering with the 
Natural Gas STAR program, the 
equivalent to taking over 1 million 
cars off the road.
We pay particular attention to 
reducing methane emissions,  
which make up an estimated 11%  
of our assets’ Scope 1 and Scope 2 
greenhouse gas emissions profile. 
We successfully implement 
recompression measures to lower  
gas line pressure before pipeline 
maintenance to reduce methane 
emissions and make more natural  
gas available for sale. In 2020, 
Williams reported 57 separate 
blowdown events along our Transco 
and Northwest Pipelines where 
natural gas was recompressed 
instead of being vented. This 
accounted for 1.5 billion cubic feet  
of gas saved in 2020 that would have 
otherwise been released into the 
atmosphere, the equivalent of heating 
more than 37,000 homes for a year.
Williams is in the process of 
implementing a blowdown  
emissions reduction standard  
for transmission pipeline assets  
that requires recompression  
or other reduction measures to  
be evaluated for all blowdown 
events. We will fully integrate  
this requirement into the Williams 
Integrated Management System  
in late 2021.
As an example of reducing 
blowdowns in 2020, Williams 
identified a leaking valve at our 
Dunbar compressor station in New 
York that needed to be replaced. 
Replacing the valve using traditional 
methods would have resulted in  
a planned venting, or blowdown,  
of natural gas. Members from our 
operations and engineering teams 
put a plan into action to utilize the 
station’s compressor to draw down 
or decrease pipeline pressure and 
gas volume to significantly reduce 
the release of natural gas while 
keeping all safety systems intact.  
A total of 1.3 million standard cubic 
feet of gas was recompressed 
downstream of the station that would 
have otherwise been vented to the 
atmosphere. That is equivalent to 
one and a half blowdowns of the 
entire Dunbar compressor station.
Addressing Methane Leaks
To fully realize the potential  
climate benefits of abundant, 
affordable natural gas as a lower 
carbon-intensive fuel, technologies 
and policies must be put in place  
to minimize methane leaks from 
natural gas production, gathering 
and processing, transmission and 
distribution and LNG shipping. 
Williams is a signatory of the 
Interstate Natural Gas Association  
of America’s Methane Emissions 
Commitment to implement methane 
reduction activities and perform  
leak surveys at all transmission  
and storage compressor stations  
by 2022.
Since 2012, we have reduced our reported 
methane emissions from natural gas processing 
plants and transmission compressor stations more 
than 58%. Over the same period, the natural gas 
throughput at these facilities increased by 27%.

41
Minimizing Our Footprint
average reduction in pipeline blowdown 
greenhouse gas emissions when using 
recompression technology.
Williams uses infrared cameras  
to identify and repair leaking 
equipment. We conduct quarterly, 
semiannual or annual LDAR  
surveys on Williams’ compressor 
stations and facilities using an  
optical gas imaging (OGI) camera.  
Leak survey and repair data from 
2020 clearly indicates that Williams’ 
LDAR surveys are an effective work 
practice in significantly reducing 
emissions of fugitive methane to  
the environment. Williams recently 
started using a single software 
platform, Leak Tracker Pro™ (LTP), 
to maintain leak records from OGI 
surveys conducted in the Williams 
gathering and boosting and 
transmission sectors. Use of LTP 
allows for improved surveys, record 
keeping and a more in-depth look  
at trends. 
We used the LTP results  
in 2020 to more accurately identify 
leaking equipment components  
such as valves, connectors, flanges, 
pumps and open-ended lines.  
We will analyze this information  
to reduce the number of leaks at 
Williams’ facilities going forward, 
which will also help us achieve  
our emissions reduction targets.
Williams is in the process  
of developing a Williams  
Integrated Management System 
requirement with associated roles 
and responsibilities for LDAR.  
Once finalized, we will use these 
documents to clearly communicate 
the roles and responsibilities of 
Williams’ employees to promote an 
efficient and effective LDAR program 
across the enterprise.
Scaling Solar Energy
In 2020, Williams established a  
team dedicated to developing solar 
generation opportunities across the 
company asset footprint. The solar 
projects are intended to provide 
electricity to our existing natural  
gas compression and processing 
facilities. In 2020, Williams’ facilities 
used 3.421 million MWh of electricity 
to power our operations, and we 
expect approximately similar usage 
in future years. The 16 projects 
currently under commercial 
development across the Williams 
operational footprint would offset 
approximately 16% of the historical 
annual electric demand. Solar 
projects are currently under 
development in Alabama, Colorado, 
New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania  
and Virginia; the solar facilities will  
be located either on land currently 
owned or on land adjacent to our 
facilities. We expect the first of the 
solar projects to begin commercial 
operation in mid-2023.
86% 
Operations Technician Zachary C. at the Transco compressor station in Virginia.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
42
Industry 
Collaboration
GRI 102-12
We are proud to be taking a leading 
stance on critical topics within  
our industry. As a member of the 
Interstate Natural Gas Association  
of America (INGAA) board, we 
helped the organization set a goal  
for the industry to reach net zero 
greenhouse gas emissions from 
natural gas transmission and storage 
by 2050. Other commitments include 
providing consistent and transparent 
data, measurement and reporting  
of greenhouse gas emissions from 
operations and reducing the carbon 
intensity of natural gas infrastructure 
with innovative technologies like 
carbon capture and renewable 
natural gas.
To further promote transparency  
and standardization of performance 
data material to our industry, 
Williams’ chief executive officer  
sits on the board of directors of the 
Energy Infrastructure Council and  
co-chaired the development of the 
midstream environmental, social  
and governance reporting template.  
This important development will allow 
all midstream energy infrastructure 
companies to coalesce and present 
the sustainability metrics that matter 
most to investors in a transparent 
and comparable way.
The American Petroleum Institute 
Environmental Partnership provides  
a forum for participants to share 
information and analyze best practices 
and technological breakthroughs 
aimed at responsibly developing 
natural gas and oil resources.  
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
ONE Future 
Membership
Williams Has Already Achieved the  
2025 ONE Future Industry Goals
Williams is a member of Our Nation’s Energy Future Coalition, Inc. (ONE 
Future), a group of companies voluntarily working to reduce methane emissions 
by identifying policy and technical solutions that better manage emissions 
associated with production, processing, transmission and distribution.  
Williams’ employees actively serve on the ONE Future technical committee, 
communications committee and board of directors to advance its mission. 
ONE Future members set a goal to reduce collective methane emissions in 
their supply chains to 1% or less by 2025. Williams has committed to the ONE 
Future 2025 methane intensity goals for industry sectors of 0.08% for gathering 
and boosting, 0.11% for processing and 0.30% for transmission and storage. In 
2019, the 32 ONE Future member companies achieved a methane intensity of 
0.334%, beating the coalition’s 1% goal by 67%. Williams continues to exceed 
anticipated progress toward the ONE Future greenhouse gas reduction goal.
ONE Future Methane Emissions  
2025 Target (Percent)*
0.080 0.110 0.300
Gathering & Boosting Processing Transmission & Storage
0.027 0.018 0.022
Gathering & Boosting Processing Transmission & Storage
2020 Williams Methane Emissions 
Performance (Percent)*
* The methane emissions intensity is by Williams segment, and is calculated in accordance  
with the ONE Future methodology. Units are mass of methane emitted per mass of methane 
throughput. Intensity is based on company-specific methane throughput and is not adjusted  
to gross production.

43
Minimizing Our Footprint
The partnership represents a 
growing coalition of U.S.-based 
production, processing and 
transmission companies responsible 
for meeting the nation’s growing 
demand for low-cost energy.  
As a member of the partnership, 
Williams is committed to improving 
environmental performance  
by accelerating methane  
emissions reductions from  
key emissions sources.
In addition, Williams continues to 
support Colorado State University’s 
Methane Emissions Technology 
Evaluation Center and fund methane 
emissions reduction projects at 
Pipeline Research Council 
International. The Center provides a 
platform for researchers to test and 
develop new, innovative technology 
to measure methane emissions.  
The Center also connects researchers 
with industry partners to facilitate 
energy technology development,  
and prepares students for careers  
in energy and clean technology.
Williams is also a member company 
of the Gas Machinery Research 
Council (GMRC) and sits on the 
GMRC board. Alongside other  
natural gas companies, we support 
the continual improvement of 
technological advancements through 
research initiatives and collaborations. 
As part of our membership, Williams 
is an active member of the GMRC 
project supervisory committee that 
leads research projects aimed at 
cutting greenhouse gas emissions, 
improving compression efficiency  
and reducing lube oil consumption  
at member facilities.
To further drive industry research, 
Williams is a member of the Pipeline 
Research Council International 
(PRCI) compressor and pump  
station technical committee. PRCI’s 
program is focused on technology 
development to reduce greenhouse 
gas emissions in all aspects of our 
industry—from combustion emissions 
to fugitives.  
This research will support long-term 
minimization of operating and  
capital costs of compression and 
pump service, while complying  
with environmental regulation.
In 2020, Williams also joined 
Greentown Labs Houston, the  
city’s first clean energy-focused 
startup incubator. Williams is the  
first midstream corporate partner  
to support clean technology 
entrepreneurship through  
Greentown Labs. The incubator  
will provide resources for up to  
50 startup companies focused on 
emerging technologies and helps 
position Houston as a leader in  
the clean energy transition.
Contract Analyst Ambar M. and Engineer Pablo L. in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
44
Air Emissions
SASB EM-MD-120a.1; GRI 103-1; 103-2; 103-3; 305-7
As responsible stewards of the 
environment, we closely monitor the 
air emissions—including nitrogen 
oxides, volatile organic compounds, 
carbon monoxide, sulfur oxides and 
particulate matter—associated with 
our operations. We recognize our 
responsibility to control air emissions 
to minimize environmental risks and 
human health impacts. Williams 
actively mitigates air emissions from 
our facilities by maximizing operational 
efficiency, implementing operational 
best practices and confirming 
compliance with local, regional  
and federal laws and regulations. 
The greatest amount of operational 
air emissions occurs during the 
transmission and storage phase, 
followed by gathering and  
boosting, and then processing.  
Our air quality management 
procedure within the Williams 
Integrated Management System 
includes required processes for 
tracking and submitting air quality 
data to maintain compliance with 
applicable regulations and permits. 
We also follow a standard approach 
for asset construction, operation  
and maintenance to minimize air 
emissions. Through the Williams 
EAP, we conduct internal audits  
of air emissions compliance. 
We calculate and report our  
facilities’ annual criteria air pollutant 
emissions to the applicable 
regulatory agencies in accordance 
with permit requirements. We  
provide air quality permit training  
for employees who maintain our  
facilities and support capital 
projects. By tracking air releases 
from our operations, we evaluate  
our performance and identify 
opportunities for improvement.
As part of the 2020 Southeastern 
Trail project, we became one of  
the first midstream companies to 
install Selective Catalytic Reduction 
nitrogen oxides (NOX) emissions 
control technology on new natural 
gas-fired turbine compressors. 
These turbines are already designed 
with dry low NOX combustion 
emissions technology. This control 
strategy provides the ability to 
achieve ultra-low NOX emission  
rates as demonstrated and validated 
through a continuous emission 
monitoring system installed on  
each turbine exhaust stack.
Combustion emissions controls  
on each unit are further enhanced 
using oxidation catalysts to reduce 
air emissions. Furthermore, the unit 
compressors are equipped with a 
vent gas reduction system to minimize 
methane emissions from blowdowns 
during scheduled maintenance. 
These turbine compressors help to 
transport clean natural gas using a 
suite of available emissions control 
technologies that go above and 
beyond current regulations pertaining 
to the protection of air quality.
Air Emissions (tons)
30,000
25,000
10,000
20,000
5,000
15,000
0
35,000
2019 2020
425 421
Sulfur  
dioxide
Nitrogen  
oxides
2019 2020
32,196
30,191
Volatile organic 
compounds
2019 2020
9,208 8,757
Hazardous air 
pollutants
2019 2020
2,655 2,444
Particulate  
matter 
2019 2020
1,156 1,057

45
Minimizing Our Footprint
We set a goal to reduce all reportable 
air and spill releases by 10% in  
2020; we surpassed that goal with  
a 33% decrease in air releases. We 
established a 2021 goal to reduce 
reportable spills and releases by  
an additional 10% from 2020 levels.
To help achieve our goals, we 
regularly assess opportunities  
to reduce operational emissions.  
For example, we conduct routine 
equipment maintenance to improve 
fuel efficiency and perform tests  
on combustion units to confirm 
equipment is operating properly.  
We use the following technologies  
to further reduce air emissions:
 »  Non-selective catalytic reduction, 
high-pressure fuel injection  
and pre-combustion chamber 
technology on legacy reciprocating 
engines, and selective catalyst 
reductions on new combustion 
turbines to further minimize 
nitrogen oxide emissions.
 »  Oxidation catalysts on 
reciprocating engines and turbines 
to control carbon monoxide, 
volatile organic compound  
and formaldehyde emissions.
 »  State-of-the-art compression 
designs, including turbine 
compressor startup and shutdown 
and sitewide emergency shutdown 
testing using double block valving 
to minimize blowdown volumes. 
 »  Compressor vent gas reduction 
systems when blowing down 
compressors for maintenance.
 »  Centrifugal compressor dry  
seal vent gas recovery systems 
and electric starters on existing 
turbine compressors.
Williams implements programs to reduce air emissions through modernization  
of equipment. For example, the Emissions Reduction Program (ERP) is a 
voluntary, multi-year interstate transmission infrastructure investment project 
that will significantly reduce Transco and Northwest Pipeline compressor 
station NOX and methane emissions through replacement of legacy natural 
gas-fired horsepower. Transco is a 9,800-mile, interstate transmission 
pipeline system extending from south Texas to New York City, and transports 
approximately 15% of the nation’s natural gas.
The ERP consists of a phased retirement of over 180 legacy reciprocating 
compressor engines and turbines at compressor stations along the 
transmission systems over a multi-year period. Williams will replace the retired 
horsepower with a combination of modern, low NOX-emitting natural gas-fired 
turbines and electric motor-driven compression equipped with compressor 
vent gas reduction and recovery systems. We are also installing vent gas 
recovery equipment on all new units. These upgrades are projected to reduce 
Williams’ system-wide transmission sector NOX emissions by over 75% and 
compressor methane emissions by approximately 50% from recent levels. For 
additional information on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, see page 40.
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Emissions  
Reduction Program
Transco compressor station 175 in Virginia.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
46
Southwest Wyoming Gathering System Emissions
We continue to make financial 
investments to achieve reduced 
emissions by optimizing system-level 
efficiency and reliability. For example, 
in 2020, Williams transitioned our 
operations in southwest Wyoming  
to low-pressure gathering systems. 
This transition eliminated the need  
for several compressor stations and 
resulted in reduced greenhouse  
gas emissions and criteria pollutants. 
Air Emissions Total Project Reduction 
(tons per year)
NOX 91.53
CO 158.63
VOC 55.85
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions
Total Project Reduction 
(tons per year)
CO2 79,288.00
CH4 54.10
N2O 0.15
CO2e  80,683.00
North DeSoto facility in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.
As a result of rigorous reliability 
evaluations, we decommissioned six 
compressor stations without impact  
to our customers. Williams spent  
$1.3 million to both decommission 
these stations and make the necessary 
pipeline modifications. The project will 
result in $2 million in savings annually 
and significant emissions reductions, 
as shown in the table below.
Another example of our ongoing 
efforts to significantly reduce 
emissions through system optimization 
is the recently completed Station  
240 liquefaction project in Bergen 
County, New Jersey. This included  
the elimination of 161 tons per year  
of nitrogen oxide, 47 tons per year  
of carbon monoxide and 16 tons per 
year of volatile organic compounds. 
For more information about the cooling 
process wastewater reduction as  
a result of this project, see page 53.

47
Minimizing Our Footprint
At Williams, we understand that 
safeguarding biodiversity is directly 
linked to maintaining sustainable 
business operations and promoting 
environmental stewardship. Williams 
strives to leave a better world for 
future generations, which is why we 
protect biodiversity and responsibly 
retire and remediate our assets 
through careful planning and 
management. We also continue to 
avoid, minimize and mitigate potential 
impacts on biodiversity and land use 
during routing, siting and construction.
Biodiversity 
Management
SASB EM-MD-160a.1; EM-MD-160a.2
Williams’ biodiversity practices  
are governed by regulatory and 
company-driven policies. We  
use a systematic approach to 
incorporate biodiversity into the 
planning process of all proposed 
projects, including extensive 
research to identify sensitive habitats 
within a proposed project footprint. 
As guided by the International 
Finance Corporation’s performance 
standards on environmental and 
social sustainability, we take care  
to safeguard biodiversity. We follow 
the hierarchy of avoid, minimize and 
mitigate as required by permitting 
agencies on infrastructure 
development projects.
To the extent reasonably practicable, 
we design projects that use existing 
rights-of-way and avoid areas with 
high biodiversity.
Our environmental assessments 
incorporate geographic  
information system (GIS) analyses,  
computer-based reviews and  
site surveys to pinpoint sensitive 
environmental and cultural areas.  
We pay special attention to streams 
and wetlands; rare, threatened or 
endangered species; and culturally 
important sites. Based on the results 
of our assessments, we implement 
site-specific management plans that 
avoid or minimize negative impacts.
We develop plans in compliance with 
all applicable regulations, including 
those promulgated or enforced by 
the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, 
Bureau of Land Management, 
National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Administration Fisheries, U.S. Army 
Corps of Engineers and the Federal 
Energy Regulatory Commission.
In 2020, 54% of land owned,  
leased and operated by Williams  
was within or near areas of protected 
conservation status or endangered 
species habitat, as determined by 
International Union for Conservation 
of Nature (IUCN); Ramsar Wetlands 
of International Importance; United 
Nations Educational, Scientific and 
Cultural Organization World Heritage 
Sites; and U.S. Fish and Wildlife 
Service. The table below shows the 
number of IUCN red-listed species 
within the counties where Williams 
operates in 2020.
Biodiversity  
& Land Use
Threat Level Number
Critically endangered 26
Endangered 40
Vulnerable 28
Near threatened 17
Least concern 16
Total 132
2020 International Union for Conservation of Nature  
Red List Species in Williams’ Areas of Operation

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
48
If we cannot avoid sensitive areas  
by rerouting during the design 
phase, Williams works closely  
with state and federal agencies  
to minimize unavoidable impacts.  
We collaborate with interest groups, 
biodiversity experts, community 
organizations and land management 
agencies to develop appropriate 
mitigation plans. Common mitigation 
measures include seasonal 
restrictions, minimizing construction 
footprints and implementing 
specialized construction methods.
Williams manages potential offshore 
impacts in similar fashion to our 
onshore efforts. We use similar  
care in developing projects to avoid, 
minimize and mitigate potential 
impacts to sensitive marine 
ecosystems and offshore biodiversity.
In addition to demonstrating an 
ongoing commitment to managing 
biodiversity within our operational 
footprint, we also conduct projects  
to help improve or preserve wildlife 
habitat and water resources through 
local private-public partnerships. For 
example, our long-term partnership 
with the Wyoming Game and Fish 
Department and the WYldlife Fund 
helps protect land and wildlife in  
our Wyoming areas of operation.  
The WYldlife Fund is a nonprofit  
that advances critical projects to 
protect Wyoming’s wildlife habitats. 
As part of our ongoing commitment 
to environmental stewardship,  
we contributed to a wildlife road 
crossing that will help both save 
wildlife and promote driver safety. 
Land Use
SASB EM-MD-160a.3
Williams is committed to appropriately 
retiring and remediating land used 
for our facilities and pipeline 
projects. One of our goals is to return 
land to its original state and create 
opportunities for beneficial reuse. 
Williams is committed to reducing  
the risk of landslides, which can 
potentially affect pipeline integrity 
and disrupt the environment. In  
the Northeast United States, where 
terrain is extremely sloped and 
landslide-susceptible, Williams 
assesses landslide potential during 
route development on proposed 
pipelines following The Nature 
Conservancy (TNC) guidelines.  
This helps reduce the risk of 
landslides, slips and erosion from 
tree-clearing and earthwork during 
construction, the rest of which will  
be restored in future years.
Our internal landslide team evaluates 
sites that pre-date TNC guidelines 
and develops site-specific mitigation 
and restoration plans to prevent 
landslides. In 2020, we continued to 
execute on our landslide avoidance 
and mitigation efforts by monitoring 
and remediating susceptible sites 
using field and aerial patrols coupled 
with annual light detection and 
ranging surveys. As part of this  
effort, we employ best-in-class 
technologies such as aerial vehicles. 
In 2020, we integrated  
post-construction monitoring and 
restoration activities into our permit 
tracking tool to better understand the 
performance of our post-construction 
restoration efforts. We also piloted  
a restoration program for which  
we hired a restoration professional  
to participate in the construction  
phase of a project with the intention 
of laying the groundwork for better 
long-term restoration once 
construction is complete. 
This effort and momentum places both DCNR and Williams in a position  
that anticipates a positive outcome by managing the proposed project 
impacts in feasible ways that strive to avoid, minimize and mitigate, and 
compensate for associated land use impacts to state forest resources. 
DAVID MONG, FOREST PROGRAM SPECIALIST, PENNSYLVANIA  
DEPARTMENT OF CONSERVATION AND NATURAL RESOURCES

49
Minimizing Our Footprint
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Supporting 
Conservation & 
Protecting Biodiversity
Williams operates two transmission pipelines that run through the Sproul State 
Forest and the Tamarack Swamp Natural Area in Pennsylvania. As part of the 
Leidy South project, this system is expanding to meet increased natural gas 
demand. In 2020, Williams worked closely with the Pennsylvania Department 
of Conservation and Natural Resources (DCNR) Bureau of Forestry to 
minimize potential adverse effects and ensure that the project would protect 
the long-term viability of the area and maintain biological diversity. Over the 
span of three years, Williams and DCNR identified less impactful alternatives 
to the original project specifications, including reducing disturbance in 
sensitive areas. In compliance with DCNR-recommended resource protection 
and restoration measures, Williams is taking measures such as planting native 
trees and herbaceous cover, promoting forest growth through specialized 
restoration techniques and fencing habitats to protect engendered species.
Additionally, Williams appropriated funds as part of the Constitution  
Pipeline project to the Conservation Fund for the preservation of upland  
forest and migratory bird habitat. In coordination with the Conservation  
Fund, $524,000 of this fund was donated to the Pennsylvania DCNR for the 
acquisition of an approximate 530-acre tract expanding the Pinchot State 
Forest in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, to more than 49,635 acres.  
The tract divides the Susquehanna and Lehigh river watersheds, bringing 
critical protection to both local river watersheds, and supports natural forest 
restoration for migratory birds and bats.
Williams’ asset retirement and removal 
obligation is a planning mechanism 
that allows us to identify the potential 
environmental impacts and associated 
costs of retiring an asset so we can 
proactively identify suitable solutions. 
As part of the process, we initiate a 
property assessment and subsurface 
investigation prior to any demolition  
or abandonment activity. The findings 
from the assessments help determine 
the most appropriate approach for 
restoring land no longer used as part 
of our operations.
When restoring land, we use native 
plants that support a diversity of 
pollinator species to preserve soil  
and water species. Our restoration 
plans meet state and local regulatory 
standards, and often include 
practices that exceed regulatory 
minimums. For example, we 
voluntarily implement restoration seed 
mixes at all new Northeast gathering 
locations and major projects 
company-wide to promote both plant 
and pollinator diversity and help 
combat global declines in pollinator 
species. In 2020, Williams disturbed 
7,851 acres of terrestrial land across 
all of Williams owned, leased and 
operated land, and restored 2,739 
acres of terrestrial land during the 
same reporting period, the rest of 
which will be restored in future years.
active remediation sites 
managed by Williams’ 
environmental services 
team in 2020. 
Environmental accrual 
for remediation totaled 
$33.9 million dollars.
106
Right-of-way near Moundsville, West Virginia.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
50
Williams views sustainability as 
synonymous with strong business 
fundamentals. We operate in a 
manner that protects the environment 
while delivering on the growing 
demand for cleaner energy in North 
America. Williams’ performance 
record demonstrates that we are 
committed to preventing operational 
spills and releases, which can 
negatively affect the environment 
and the communities we serve.
Our spill prevention, control  
and countermeasure operating 
requirements within the Williams 
Integrated Management System 
include company-wide procedures 
for preventing spills and mitigating 
the impacts of potential spills. 
Specifically, the requirements  
help determine when spill  
plans are needed and how to 
develop, implement and maintain 
effective plans.
The plans also address compliance 
with regulatory requirements for 
pollution prevention at our owned 
and operated assets. If a spill 
occurs, we have processes and 
assets in place to control the  
spill to reduce its impact, report  
to regulatory and community 
stakeholders, remediate resulting 
impacts, investigate root causes  
and subsequently improve program 
management and other controls  
to reduce the risk of future events.
As part of our operations, we use 
tanks to store large quantities of 
hydrocarbon products such as 
natural gas liquids. Williams has  
an extensive tank inspection and 
testing program that adheres to 
industry standards to prevent  
spills from our tanks. The process 
provides guidelines for tank 
inspections conducted by our 
personnel, as well as third-party 
certified tank inspectors.
Our preventive maintenance plan is 
also a critical component of Williams’ 
spill reduction efforts. We use a 
safety and environmentally critical 
equipment checklist to designate 
critical equipment and prioritize 
preventive maintenance activities 
accordingly. We took this voluntary 
step in response to incidents 
experienced by other companies  
in the midstream sector. We work  
to implement best practices based 
on our own experiences, as well  
as those of our industry peers. 
Spill Performance
SASB EM-MD-160a.4; EM-MD-540a.3
Maintenance Coordinator Brent L. at Spring Ridge South in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.

51
Minimizing Our Footprint
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Improving Spill 
Performance
We set a loss of primary containment (LOPC) goal in 2020 to encourage  
further improvements in spill performance. This goal made up 5% of our  
annual incentive program for employees, providing an increased focus on 
activities that help us meet enterprise safety and environmental commitments. 
Our bonus compensation tied to LOPC reductions drove to an increase in 
reporting, which allowed us to focus on LOPC releases to determine root 
causes and prevent future releases across the enterprise. Throughout the  
year, we redefined our definition of LOPC to include pressure-relief devices 
and ancillary systems, such as engine lube oil and coolant, and provided 
training to the organization. In 2021, Williams is targeting a 10% reduction in 
total LOPC events from our 2020 performance. This goal clearly communicates  
our focus on reducing environmental, safety and commercial risk.
We have data collection initiatives  
in place to investigate, mitigate  
and share lessons learned to reduce 
the likelihood of a spill. We measure 
and report a near-miss-to-incident 
ratio to increase our analysis of spills 
and identify leading indicators of 
more severe event occurrences.  
In 2020, we enhanced our focus on 
the identification of high-potential 
near-misses to drive awareness of 
underlying hazards and reduce the 
number of high-severity incidents.
In 2020, Williams had four agency 
reportable hydrocarbon spills to  
soil and water, equaling 31 barrels  
of hydrocarbons in total. This 
represents a 33% decrease in 
reportable spills to soil and water 
from 2019 levels. We experienced 
zero accidental releases and  
one non-accidental release from 
Williams’ Hutch Rail Company  
rail transportation operations. 
Williams had no reportable 
hydrocarbon spills in unusually 
sensitive areas in 2020.
When constructing pipelines, 
Williams occasionally uses  
horizontal directional drilling  
(HDD), a trenchless construction 
method, to cross environmentally 
sensitive areas. To evaluate HDD 
feasibility and implement best 
practices, Williams employs HDD 
subject matter experts to oversee  
all aspects of the HDD project 
lifecycle. Williams also uses  
leading industry best practices  
and standards when evaluating, 
designing and constructing HDDs  
on pipeline projects. In 2020,  
these efforts led to zero reportable 
inadvertent drilling fluid releases  
to environmentally sensitive areas 
during projects where we used the 
HDD construction method.
Station 185 in Virginia.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
52
While water consumption is not  
a normal part of our day-to-day 
operations, we understand this  
is an important topic for several 
stakeholders, including local 
communities and nongovernmental 
organizations. We believe water is a 
precious resource, and we recognize 
the importance of effectively 
managing any amount of water use.
Williams protects water resources 
during construction, operation  
and asset retirement through our 
environmental inspection and 
compliance programs. We adhere  
to all applicable environmental laws, 
regulations and permit conditions 
related to water. Our internal EAP 
helps identify corrective actions  
to enhance compliance. Williams 
also takes into account water 
resources when developing an  
asset or planning a new pipeline 
right-of-way. As part of our detailed 
routing and construction process,  
we thoughtfully review routing 
options to minimize impacts to  
the environment, including water 
resources. As part of the process,  
we seek to avoid construction 
through forested wetlands and 
sensitive streams.
We are able to do this because of  
a relentless focus on preserving 
water quality by adhering to stringent 
water quality standards established 
through federal and state regulations 
and permitting requirements. That 
means all the water we use must 
meet acceptable standards before 
returning it to the ground or surface. 
The majority of our water is for 
hydrostatic testing, a clean process 
conducted during commissioning.  
In 2020, we used approximately 
14.21 million gallons of water for 
hydrostatic testing, most of which we 
reused or returned to the same basin 
where it originated. Williams used 
about 10% less water in 2020 than  
in 2019 due to lower construction 
activity in 2020 compared to 2019. 
We take additional water stewardship 
actions where possible. For example, 
we were permitted to use 1.38 million 
gallons of water from Turkey Creek  
in Garfield County, Oklahoma, for 
hydrotesting on sections of our 
Bluestem project. Instead, we reused 
water from adjacent test sections, 
eliminating the need to withdraw any 
water from Turkey Creek. 
We focus on reducing the amount  
of wastewater produced from  
cooling towers designed to cool  
the circulating water used in our 
processing plants. In doing so, we 
can minimize the amount of water 
that needs to be consumed or 
treated and discharged from our 
facilities. For example, in late 2019, 
Williams completed a process 
modernization project at Station 240 
in Bergen County, New Jersey, that 
eliminated 6 to 10 million gallons of 
cooling tower wastewater in 2020. 
Water Stewardship
Williams focuses on preserving water at the highest 
rate possible, which is why we return the majority 
of water used back to the original watershed.
This $139 million investment was a 
voluntary upgrade that brought the 
Station 240 facility in line with our 
other Pine Needle and Plymouth  
LNG facilities.
Williams also supports broad-based 
research and initiatives on  
water-related topics. For example, 
we are a member of the Consortium 
to Study Trends in Seismicity  
(CSTS), a public-private project  
to study seismicity trends in  
Kansas. The information obtained 
through the CSTS project is helping 
improve our understanding of the 
increases in seismicity in Kansas  
and Oklahoma observed since  
2013. As part of the project, the 
CSTS installed seismic stations 
strategically around the state.  
While inconclusive, data gathered 
indicates a correlation between 
regional decreases in injection 
volumes and the number of 
earthquakes and total seismic  
energy released. The findings  
from this project may help shape 
underground injection control 
disposal practices going forward.  
As a member of the CSTS, Williams 
provides funding for the project  
and reviews data reports prior  
to publication.

53
Minimizing Our Footprint
Properly managing nonhazardous 
and hazardous waste from Williams’ 
operations mitigates environmental 
impacts, promotes safe operations 
and protects human health.  
Williams generates waste during the 
transportation, gathering, processing 
and treating processes. Common 
types of waste from our facilities and 
pipeline systems include used oil, 
pipeline coating, scrap metal and 
contaminated soils. While waste 
represents a relatively small portion of 
our overall environmental impact, we 
focus on proactively reducing waste 
from our operations and effectively 
managing the waste we do generate. 
The Williams Integrated Management 
System establishes a standardized 
process for managing hazardous 
and nonhazardous waste at 
company sites that includes waste 
characterization, storage, handling, 
packaging, transportation and 
disposal. This process, combined 
with training and compliance  
audits, forms the basis of our waste 
management approach. We evaluate 
waste management practices and 
performance as a part of the EAP for 
enhanced compliance assurance.
Williams manages operational  
waste through prescriptive 
measures, including placing waste  
in designated, labeled containers, 
maintaining waste storage areas, 
conducting inspections and 
disposing of waste based on  
all applicable regulations. Our 
environmental specialists assist 
operations with waste classification, 
disposal and reporting. 
In our corporate offices, we pay 
special attention to recycling  
items such as paper, plastic and 
cardboard. In 2020, our Tulsa 
headquarters collected and recycled 
an estimated 45 tons of materials. 
We continue to seek practical 
opportunities to reduce waste from 
our offices and field operations.  
For example, we are conducting  
an internal assessment to identify 
facilities with the greatest potential  
to switch existing lighting technology 
to more efficient LED lightbulbs.
To promote the use of our products 
in a safe and environmentally sound 
manner, we manage chemical 
inventory reporting through the 
Williams Integrated Management 
System operating requirement  
for Tier II reporting and hazard 
communication. Environmental 
specialists annually prepare and 
submit Tier II chemical inventory 
reports to the appropriate regulatory 
agencies. Williams’ Safety Data 
Sheets are publicly available to 
provide interested stakeholders with 
detailed information and meet local, 
state and federal requirements.  
For more information about Williams’ 
Safety Data Sheets, visit our website.
Waste
Williams encourages recycling at our offices.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
54
Contents
Company Overview
Providing Clean, 
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
Minimizing  
Our Footprint
Protecting People  
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
Building an 
Empowered 
Workforce
Strengthening 
Communities
About This Report
WE MAKE CLEAN ENERGY HAPPEN® 
Protecting People 
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
At Williams, we know that operating safely is vital  
to preserving our long-term business success. As  
we deliver the products that are ultimately used  
to heat homes and generate electricity for millions  
of Americans, we strive to do the right thing, every  
time. We continue to promote a safety-first culture  
and operate our assets in a way that continuously 
exceeds industry standards. Aligned with our  
Core Values, we operate in a safety-driven manner  
that protects our employees and contractors and 
safeguards the public, while also protecting our assets.
Maintenance Coordinator Anna H. at Pine 
Needle LNG Storage Facility in North Carolina.

55
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
56
Personnel Safety
GRI 403-1; 403-2; 403-7; 403-8; 403-9
As we responsibly handle 30% of  
the natural gas in the United States,  
we embed safety in everything we  
do. We could not make clean energy 
happen without our dedicated 
employees. Williams genuinely cares 
about our employees; this is the 
foundation of our safety culture. It is 
imperative that every employee and 
contractor return home from work safe 
and healthy each day. We empower 
all employees and contractors to  
stop work if they suspect a safety 
hazard at any Williams location. 
Our Environmental, Health and 
Safety Policy provides a framework 
for integrating safety performance 
into our core business activities. 
Every employee and contractor  
is responsible for implementing  
this policy.
The environmental, health and safety 
committee within the board of directors 
is responsible for governance and 
oversight regarding environmental, 
health and safety matters.
The Williams Integrated Management 
System is how we put our 
Environmental, Health and Safety 
Policy into action. The management 
system serves as our company-wide 
platform to manage and reduce risks 
in our operations, including safety 
risks. Senior leadership within each 
operating area is responsible for 
implementing the appropriate 
operating requirements, project 
standards and site-specific 
procedures set forth through the 
Williams Integrated Management 
System. The system aligns  
with Occupational Safety and  
Health Administration (OSHA)  
and Pipeline and Hazardous  
Materials Safety Administration 
(PHMSA) requirements.
Employee Training  
& Initiatives 
GRI 403-5; 403-7
Every employee completes safety 
training designed to promote 
on-the-job competency. Williams 
tailors our annual training plan to  
the role of each employee based  
on the varying needs of office, field 
support and core field employees. 
We require managers to complete  
a training questionnaire to confirm 
that direct reports receive 
appropriate safety and compliance 
training based on specific roles  
and responsibilities. We have 
processes in place to assess  
training proficiency, including  
written knowledge checks and 
performance-based evaluations.
Workforce  
Health & Safety
GRI 103-1; 103-2; 103-3
While the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic presented a unique 
challenge around workplace health and safety, we had an 
industry-leading, rapid response to the pandemic to protect  
our employees. We successfully met the health and safety 
challenge COVID-19 presented, and continue to be committed 
to a safety culture that delivers top-tier safety performance.  
At Williams, safety is our highest priority. 
MARK CLUFF, VICE PRESIDENT OF SAFETY AND OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE AT WILLIAMS

57
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure
We maintain a strong safety culture 
by identifying, mitigating and 
communicating physical risks across 
the company. Williams expects every 
employee and contractor to report all 
incidents and near-misses related to 
personnel and process safety. Our 
Hazard Recognition Focus project 
teaches personnel about workplace 
hazards and how to identify them 
before an incident occurs. The main 
types of work-related recordable 
events we experienced in 2020 
included strains, lacerations and 
COVID-19 transmission. 
Each week, Williams compiles 
lessons learned and shares  
them with the entire company to 
accelerate continuous improvement. 
We communicate preliminary 
incident communications for  
both high-potential-severity  
and high-actual-severity incidents 
within a week to all employees  
to share initial findings and key 
takeaway messages.
Williams regularly recognizes our 
employees for their efforts and 
commitment to foster a safe work 
environment. Our Shifting Gears 
awards program recognizes 
employees for identifying and 
mitigating workplace hazards.  
In 2020, we implemented a field 
employee-based safety program 
called the Life Critical Field 
Improvement program. Supervisors 
and employees create a safer 
environment by increasing 
communication around specific  
work conditions.
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Mitigating Safety Risks
In 2020, Williams implemented an updated Safe Work Management  
operating requirement for application across all operations for employees 
who are completing work plans, job safety analyses and work permitting.  
The update focuses on strengthening hazard recognition and mitigating 
hazards in the execution of work. The process helps employees correctly 
select the appropriate safety tasks needed to complete work via a series  
of detailed questions.
As part of this effort, we introduced the mobile Safe Work Application,  
an industry-leading virtual tool developed by Williams to improve safety, 
compliance and effectiveness as part of the work permitting process.  
In the first year of use, Williams completed more than 185,000 permits 
through the Safe Work Application. The application alleviates the need  
to use paper forms and helps employees complete proper permit packages 
for specific jobs, with prompts to address potential hazards associated  
with the work. Through the newly developed mobile application, employees 
complete the process, leaders electronically approve the process and  
trends are tracked in active permitting.
Comstock meter run in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
58
As a result of our disciplined 
approach to improve our safety 
culture and performance, Williams 
has achieved a 9% reduction in 
employee recordable injuries since 
2017. In 2019, we set a one-year goal 
to reduce recordable injuries for 
employees by 10%. We did not meet 
our goal in 2020, and had a 72% 
increase in recordable injuries and 
illness. COVID-19 cases accounted 
for 22% of our OSHA recordable 
incidents, and along with hazard 
awareness, were the primary causes 
of our recordable incidents. We 
continue to strive for year-over-year 
improvement in our safety 
performance and have set a new goal 
of a 10% reduction from the previous 
three-year average in employee 
recordable injuries for 2021. 
Continuing to focus our reduction 
based on a three-year average will 
continue to drive our long-term 
journey for incident reduction. 
Our continuous improvement team 
has an ongoing responsibility to 
improve safety performance by 
evaluating existing processes  
and incorporating lessons learned. 
Additionally, we take a proactive 
approach to evaluating our safety 
culture. Our environmental, health 
and safety assurance team facilitates 
safety culture assessments across 
the company, with a goal to assess 
each of our 18 franchises by 2023.  
In 2020, we completed six baseline 
assessments and, in 2021, we plan 
to complete another six baseline 
assessments and two reassessments. 
We will conduct follow-up 
assessments to ensure attainment  
of improvements in safety culture.
In an effort to achieve greater 
efficiency and increase employee 
safety, Williams has developed an 
internal unmanned aerial systems 
(UAS) program to evaluate and 
implement drone and remote-sensing 
technology throughout the enterprise. 
This technology has helped Williams 
achieve a higher level of safety by 
utilizing drone technology to perform 
aerial inspections of equipment, 
emergency response, 3D modeling 
and analysis of geohazards, 
environmental and permitting 
inspections of pipeline corridors, and 
3D modeling of processing facilities.
Because of the success of this 
program, Williams now has  
12 registered FAA Part 107 Remote 
Pilots within the company and  
owns/operates more than 15 different 
UAS with sensors capable of 
photography, video, photogrammetry 
and thermal imaging.
Motor Vehicle Safety
Motor vehicle safety continues as  
a focus for the energy industry at 
large, and Williams is dedicated to 
keeping people safe by preventing 
accidents involving commercial 
vehicles. In alignment with our  
robust reporting culture, we continue 
to report and evaluate all minor 
incidents such as a small dent in a 
bumper. We will continue working 
until we achieve our target of zero 
motor vehicle accidents.
We aim to eliminate preventable 
motor vehicle accidents through  
a combination of equipment  
updates and employee awareness. 
We installed telematics units on  
all employee fleet vehicles to track, 
measure and improve driver safety. 
We collect metrics on acceleration, 
cornering, speeding and braking, 
and share the data with employee 
leaders. In 2020, we achieved a  
22% reduction in total claims costs, 
reflecting a decrease in the severity 
of motor vehicle accidents.
reduction in our 
preventable motor 
vehicle accident rate  
in 2020 from 2019.
>20% 
Employee Total Recordable Incident  
Rate per 200,000 Work Hours
1.2
1.0
0.4
0.8
0.2
0.6
0
2018
0.81
2019
0.55
2020
1.05
2017
1.09
2016
1.07
0.23 
(COVID-19 
Related)
0.82

59
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure
While we have made great progress 
reducing our higher-severity motor 
vehicle accidents, we have more 
work to do to reduce our low-severity 
incidents, particularly around hitting 
stationary objects at low speeds.  
We continue to face challenges 
achieving year-over-year reductions 
in our preventable motor vehicle 
accident rate. We will continue to 
work on improving training and 
awareness in this area, including 
using tools that will help us to 
improve our safe driving culture.  
In 2020, we implemented a new 
driver safety training program. In 
2019 we had a preventable motor 
vehicle accident rate of 2.27, and 
reduced it to 1.83 in 2020. Though 
we drove fewer miles overall in 2020, 
transferring our performance into  
a rate allows us to compare the 
number of incidents per miles driven.
Contractor Safety
Our workers are our most valuable 
asset. Every day, we aim for zero 
safety incidents, including third-party 
suppliers and contractors. Williams 
actively engages with contractors  
to support a safe work environment.  
Our standard contract language 
includes expectations for  
contractor and subcontractor  
safety qualifications, performance, 
competency and safety execution 
minimum requirements. We hold 
contractors accountable for satisfying 
contractual requirements and 
complying with all applicable laws, 
regulations and industry standards.
Williams’ contractor safety 
management plan helps  
us pre-screen contractors,  
confirm compliance with  
safety guidelines and monitor 
contractor safety performance.
Our safety grading process assesses 
contractors based on key performance 
areas including total recordable 
incident rate, fatalities, citations, drug 
and alcohol program compliance  
and safety management system 
compliance. Contractors not meeting 
our minimum requirements must 
submit a Contractor Risk Management 
Plan; Williams’ leadership needs to 
approve the plan and the contractor 
must implement improvements to do 
business with us. As part of our bid 
evaluation process, we utilize an 
environmental, health and safety 
questionnaire on projects over  
$1 million to review the contractor’s 
safety management system and  
safety leadership maturity.
Williams conducts third-party  
safety audits and internal evaluations 
of our contractors to confirm  
they are meeting both regulatory  
and contractual requirements.  
We track audit action items to closure. 
Failure to close actions by the due 
date results in a change of contractor 
status to “deficient” until actions are 
completed. Our environmental, health 
and safety specialists work with our 
contractors daily to maintain a safe 
and environmentally responsible  
work environment.
We provide a site- and project-specific 
orientation for all contractors at the 
start of each project. Williams uses a 
visitor log system to manage on-site 
registration and check the status of 
all contractors entering the site. Prior 
to mobilization, we review contractor 
site-specific and environmental, 
health and safety management plans 
against regulatory and contractual 
requirements to integrate contractors 
throughout the process.
For large projects, we conduct 
four-hour safety leadership 
workshops for contractors and 
employees to emphasize the 
importance of superior safety 
performance, and provide the  
entire project workforce safety 
leadership and hazard recognition 
skills training. As part of our 
commitment to contractor  
safety, we collect and evaluate 
contractor safety metrics. We  
expect contractors to report  
all incidents and share lessons  
learned by completing incident 
investigations. In 2020, our 
contractor lost-time incident rate  
and total recordable incident rate 
were 0.11 and 0.54, respectively.
Operations Supervisor Jake M. and Regulatory Compliance 
Specialist Josh M. at Dallas Fort Worth International Airport.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
60
Employee Health
GRI 403-6
Cultivating a healthy work 
environment aligns with our Core 
Values, increases productivity  
and promotes long-term value 
creation. We are dedicated to 
continuously improving health  
and wellness practices at Williams.  
We offer comprehensive programs 
and services—including robust 
medical plan benefits, disease 
management programs and wellness  
coaching—to support the health  
and wellness of employees during 
and after work. These benefits are 
available to all full-time and most 
part-time employees, regardless  
of location. The average annual  
cost trend of our medical plan since  
2010 is just 1.2%, which has enabled 
monthly medical plan premiums  
paid by our employees to remain  
flat for six of the past eight years.  
The national trend for employers 
during this period is approximately 
5%–6% per year.
Our Williams Way to Wellness 
program is a key component  
of our employee total rewards 
package. The program is available  
to employees as well as eligible 
spouses and domestic partners.
As part of the program, we provide 
annual biometric health screenings 
and wellness assessments to 
employees with a focus on assessing 
overall health and early identification 
of any possible medical risks. While 
our biometric screening participation 
decreased in 2020 due to the 
pandemic, our commitment to this 
program continues in order to provide 
our employees with opportunities to 
make long-term behavioral changes 
and reward their efforts.
The wellness program also works  
to encourage healthy living through 
annual employee initiatives from 
physical activity to financial planning. 
For example, we offer a Real Appeal 
weight-loss program at no cost  
to eligible employees, spouses, 
domestic partners and dependents 
enrolled in Williams’ medical plan. 
We evaluate participation and 
engagement in existing programs  
to determine design enhancements 
and inform communications efforts. 
We integrate our employee health and 
wellness activities with our employee 
safety efforts to leverage the natural 
synergies between employee health 
and safety. For information about 
personnel safety, see page 56.
COVID-19 Pandemic 
COVID-19 brought new challenges  
to how we manage employee health. 
We improved training programs  
and operational processes to help 
minimize disruption to our business. 
For example, Williams utilized 
existing, centralized emergency call 
numbers as a tool for employees to 
self-report symptoms or potential 
exposure to COVID-19.
We followed Centers for Disease 
Control and Prevention (CDC) 
guidance for contact tracing  
and quarantine. Williams also 
implemented an emergency 
response/corporate support  
team, which is a centralized team  
to track, triage and respond to  
any potential employee exposure, 
symptoms or positive cases of 
COVID-19. This included support 
from multiple groups including 
safety, human resources and 
building facilities to ensure we 
addressed both safety of our 
workforce and business continuity.
In addition to centralizing our 
response effort, we quickly adopted 
preventive measures in our field 
locations to protect our employees 
and contractors and promote 
business continuity. We also 
developed business continuity 
operating teams to evaluate the 
evolving state executive orders to 
help maintain compliance in the 
states where we operate. Field 
employees engage in different work 
environments than our corporate 
offices and therefore require 
specialized measures to ensure their 
safety and our continued operations.
Staff Communications Specialist Tom D. and Attorney Casisia C. in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

61
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure
These measures include, but are not 
limited to, social distancing; utilizing 
technology to eliminate in-person 
communication; developing  
isolated crews or “bubble teams”  
for operations, maintenance and 
project work; implementing CDC 
cleaning protocol of field offices  
and fleet vehicles; and establishing 
protocols for temperature screening 
of employees and contractors  
where necessary.
Because our work was deemed 
essential during COVID-19, Williams 
needed to quickly adapt to evolving 
health and safety risks associated 
with our critical project work. 
Through this challenging time, we 
continued to prioritize the well-being 
of our employees. For example, 
when critical maintenance work  
was required at our Rocky Mountain 
Midstream franchises in April 2020, 
we implemented numerous 
COVID-19 protocols to protect 
Williams operators and contractors. 
These protocols included required 
personal protective equipment and 
COVID-19 contingency plans from 
every contractor, which included 
“crew bubble” plans to keep crews 
separate and make sure that a single 
infection could not impact the entire 
workforce. Operations, project teams 
and contractors had to diligently plan 
and cooperate to execute these 
protocols, and in doing so, we were 
able to complete the maintenance 
work safely and on schedule. We 
enacted similar protocols on our 
Leidy South project, Southeastern 
Trail project and other construction 
projects to ensure safety and 
reliability across the organization.
At the onset of the COVID-19 
pandemic, we frequently reviewed 
both internal and external  
situational data to determine  
when Williams needed to offer 
remote working arrangements. 
Williams implemented measures in our 
offices and field locations, including  
a voluntary work from home policy, 
flexible hours, a rotating schedule  
to reduce office occupancy, special 
accommodations for childcare and 
business continuity plans for critical 
infrastructure employees. Despite 
these efforts, the pandemic increased 
our recordable illnesses in 2020.  
We sustained 11 cases of COVID-19 
where the cause was, more likely  
than not, work-related exposure. In 
response, we established a COVID-19 
response team to manage potential 
cases across the enterprise. These 
COVID-19 illnesses were recordable 
according to OSHA guidance issued 
at the onset of the pandemic.  
In-house safety professionals, 
including a certified industrial 
hygienist, interviewed staff, triaged 
potential exposures and provided 
guidance to employees. We also 
started developing similar exposure 
groups across the organization to 
systematically review health hazards 
across the enterprise and address 
risks using the hierarchy of controls.
Operations Supervisors Scott N. and Jake M. and Senior 
Operations Technician Blake E. at Arc Park in Fort Worth, Texas.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
62
Pipeline Integrity
SASB EM-MD-520a.1; EM-MD-540a.1;  
EM-MD-540a.2; GRI 103-1; 103-2; 103-3
We operate more than 30,000 miles 
of pipeline systems to deliver  
the energy that the United States 
depends on for heating, cooking  
and electricity. All pipelines are 
thoroughly tested and inspected to 
rigorous standards when installed  
to attain a baseline of high integrity, 
reliability and safety. Our assets must 
be safe and reliable to serve our 
customers and communities and to 
generate value for our shareholders.
Williams develops and maintains 
Integrity Management Plans for  
our pipeline systems. These plans 
provide a structured approach for  
the continual evaluation of risks  
and threats, implementing controls  
to prevent or mitigate the effects  
of potential incidents.
A key element of maintaining  
pipeline integrity, reliability and 
safety is the deployment of Pipeline 
Integrity Assessments and repairs of 
identified defects. In 2020, Williams 
completed Integrity Assessments  
on 72 pipeline segments, with five  
of those segments warranting repair 
following field-based evaluation. 
Additionally, Williams maintained  
the high level of performance 
attained in 2019 with regard to the 
number of pipeline assessments in 
high consequence areas that did  
not require remediation. We will  
use the 2020 assessment data in 
continued field evaluations on these 
segments in subsequent years.
We continuously update our Integrity 
Management Plans to respond  
to changes in the regulatory and 
industry landscape. PHMSA recently 
imposed additional requirements, 
including the consideration of 
seismicity as a risk factor in integrity 
management, for onshore gas 
transmission pipelines. PHMSA  
also published more stringent  
rules for onshore hazardous liquids 
transportation lines requiring  
Integrity Assessments on all onshore 
pipelines that accommodate in-line 
inspection tools. 
Williams conducts an annual 
performance evaluation to assess  
all elements of our integrity 
programs, pinpoint any improvement 
opportunities and develop action 
items to track completion of 
recommended improvements.
Pipeline Safety
Williams’ Pipeline Integrity Program
Aerial Inspection
and Patrol
24/7 System Monitoring
Underground
100% Weld X-Rays Smart Pigs In-Line Inspections Protective Coating and Pipeline Replacement
Valve Inspections, Leak Surveys
and Pipeline Marking
Pressure and
Temperature Sensors
WILLIAMS’ PIPELINE INTEGRITY PROGRAM
Cleaning Pigs Prevent Corrosion

63
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure
Williams identified additional  
metrics to add to our annual program 
evaluation, including tracking the 
number of pipeline assessments that 
required no remediation and those 
that required no in-field evaluations. 
Williams conducts annual audits  
of our internal pipeline integrity 
initiatives conducted by company 
employees, along with external, 
third-party audits at least every  
three years. In 2020, Williams  
also implemented a dedicated 
records management system for  
all records pertaining to the Integrity 
Management Program. Williams  
also completed a risk assessment 
improvement project for pipeline  
risk analysis to improve the reliability 
of our risk assessment results and 
facilitate better decision-making to 
identify and prioritize improvements.
Williams experienced nine  
reportable pipeline incidents in  
2020, including spills and releases  
to the environment, four of which 
were significant PHMSA reportable 
pipeline incidents. For more 
information on spills and releases, 
see the Minimizing Our Footprint 
section of this report on page 34.  
We work to remain in compliance 
with all applicable laws related to our 
pipelines. In 2020, we experienced 
$209,000 in monetary losses  
as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with federal pipeline  
and storage regulations.
Williams monitors pipelines for flow, 
pressure, temperature and other 
factors through our dedicated control 
centers, which include automated 
system response to potential  
leak conditions. Technologies  
such as infrared, acoustic and  
lasers also facilitate leak detection.
We use Light Detection and Ranging 
(LDAR) technology to monitor and 
respond to changing conditions in 
areas subject to landslides that could 
adversely affect pipelines. We also 
employ UAS to monitor pipelines  
for right-of-way activities that need 
investigation or response. We train 
pipeline control specialists on how  
to recognize abnormal conditions 
that could indicate a pipeline leak 
and how to respond accordingly.
Williams completes aerial patrols  
at intervals prescribed by pipeline 
regulations, and in certain areas  
of more dense population, we 
complete the patrols more frequently 
than required. We also run cleaning 
pigs and use in-line inspection tools 
when needed for flow assurance  
and to manage many types of  
threats including internal and 
external corrosion. We coat all  
new pipelines with modern coating 
systems that act as the primary 
barrier to corrosion. In addition,  
we apply cathodic protection  
as a second line of defense to 
prevent corrosion.
In 2020, Williams deployed  
helicopter-mounted leak detection 
technology for surveys in populated 
areas adjoining the Atlanta and 
Charlottesville divisions of our 
Eastern Interstates system. As a 
coordinated effort between four field 
districts, the local operations teams 
conducted semi annual helicopter 
surveys that are less disruptive to 
landowners, utilize more sensitive 
equipment and are a more efficient 
way to survey more populated  
areas. Williams is exploring other 
opportunities to utilize aerial  
leak survey technology across  
the company.
Operations Technician Blake E. at Landfill Gas Line in Fort Worth, Texas.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
64
Mechanical Integrity
Williams operates gathering and 
processing facilities across the 
continental United States. Maintaining 
the integrity of these facilities is critical 
to safeguarding our employees, 
contractors and the public, while 
ensuring the continued safe operation 
of those facilities. The mechanical 
integrity requirements and guidelines, 
captured in the Williams Integrated 
Management System, outline  
the company’s expectations for 
managing mechanical integrity  
quality assurance, data management 
and midstream inspections.
Williams conducts assessments  
and visual inspections of facilities  
on an interval-based schedule  
using a corrosion-based analytical 
process, including special emphasis 
assessments at higher-risk areas. 
When we install new equipment, we 
perform inspections prior to startup 
or asset commissioning to establish 
a mechanical Integrity Assessment 
baseline. We compile all historical 
design, inspection and testing 
information into a condition monitoring 
database for accurate inspection  
and data analysis. Through this 
process, Williams identifies assets 
that require comprehensive 
engineering assessments for 
continued safe operations.
As part of our overall quality 
assurance process, Williams  
audits integrity plans and  
procedures annually to reflect 
improvements from external  
and internal reviews and lessons 
learned through program 
implementation and participation  
in industry trade association 
committees. Additionally, Williams 
implements program maintenance 
through a continuous audit process 
that assists in annual planning.
Maintenance Coordinator John G. at Spring Ridge South in DeSoto Parish, 
Louisiana utilizing a thermal imaging camera to inspect process equipment.

65
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure
Williams led the National Petroleum Council (NPC) Study titled Dynamic Delivery, 
America’s Evolving Oil and Natural Gas Transportation Infrastructure. This study  
reviewed the current state of technology advancement and development as well as  
future needs for U.S. oil and gas infrastructure. The study concluded that technology 
developments and advancements have and will continue to significantly improve  
safety and environmental performance of the oil and natural gas transportation sector. 
Since the study’s publication, Williams has invested resources into implementing 
recommendations from the NPC Study. For example, in line with one of its 
recommendations around the advancement of new technologies, PHMSA  
implemented new rules that allow prudent deployment of new technologies with  
a more clearly prescribed process and timeline. This streamlining of regulations  
allows operators to use “other technologies” if the operator demonstrates an equivalent 
level of safety for the pipeline. Williams has aggressively adopted new in-line inspection 
technologies (ILI) to assess our lines for all relevant threats and will continue to do so 
through the application of PHMSA’s new rule. In addition to improving overall pipeline safety and reliability, these new technologies 
help Williams reduce methane emissions by offsetting the need for disruptive hydrostatic pipeline testing, which requires venting  
of methane to complete the Integrity Assessments. 
Williams has also applied the study recommendation of cross-industry collaboration with other industry players, as well as with 
regulators, to improve safety performance. One such collaboration was the development of a comprehensive pipeline safety 
management system (PSMS) in accordance with American Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 1173. PSMS is an 
elective program based on the Plan-Do-Check-Act philosophy of continuous improvement, and Williams believes the program  
will have a measurable positive impact on our safety performance. Once fully implemented, Williams’ PSMS will integrate several 
existing safety-related systems and processes, helping identify and mitigate gaps that could result in incidents if left unchecked.  
In 2020, Williams formed PSMS steering and working teams, as well as a quarterly executive engagement cadence to guide 
program implementation. Each team has functional discipline representation from across the operating and functional areas to 
provide diverse expertise. This recommended practice provides a framework that is instrumental in improving pipeline safety 
performance through standardization of key elements of management systems. 
Finally, in alignment with other recommendations from the study, Williams participates in many opportunities for industry  
pipeline safety collaboration including Interstate Natural Gas Association of America, Pipeline Research Council International  
and applicable joint industry projects. Williams is engaging in research and development opportunities to study the effects of 
hydrogen blending on existing pipeline infrastructure as well as quantifying impact, risks and mitigations to equipment that could 
be candidates for a transition to renewable fuel sources. Further, Williams is contributing financially and providing resources to 
investigate other opportunities to engage in renewable energy utilization, transportation and storage.
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
National Petroleum Council Study

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
66
Emergency 
Preparedness
SASB EM-MD-540a.4e
Our operations are often located in 
areas with high-density populations, 
and safeguarding the public is 
fundamental to everything we  
do at Williams. We have robust 
processes in place to prepare for 
and appropriately respond to a  
wide range of emergency situations. 
Our goal is to protect Williams’ 
workforce and the communities 
surrounding our operations.
The Williams Integrated Management 
System includes company-wide 
requirements for implementing 
midstream and pipeline emergency 
response procedures. We annually 
review and update our Williams 
Integrated Management System 
documents to continuously improve 
our practices and respond to 
changes in regulatory requirements. 
Operating managers are responsible 
for establishing site-specific 
emergency plans at our facilities. We 
evaluate emergency plans annually 
to confirm the required notification 
lists, evacuation processes and 
operating requirements are in place. 
Throughout a project lifecycle, from 
land acquisition to decommissioning, 
the Williams Integrated Management 
System operationalizes our required 
safety processes and procedures. 
In implementing API Recommended 
Practice 1173, Williams thoroughly 
reviews the emergency response 
process and identifies gaps. One 
gap we identified centered on 
documenting exercises and drills 
consistently across the organization. 
Williams now has a process 
established to maintain consistency 
and is in the process of updating the 
emergency response operating 
requirement to reflect those changes. 
For more information about API 1173, 
see Pipeline Integrity on page 62.
As a responsible member of the 
communities where we operate, 
Williams provides employees with 
annual safety drills and training 
exercises to prepare for a diverse  
set of emergencies, including 
accidental releases and  
security-related incidents. Williams 
requires emergency responders  
to be included in relevant training 
exercises and drills at least every 
three years. We conduct drills  
and tabletop exercises with first 
responders to make sure we both 
understand needed responses in  
the unlikely event of an incident on 
our pipeline systems. We provide 
instructor-led training courses and 
web-based training programs to 
emergency responders through  
our online portal. We also conduct 
outreach efforts with emergency 
responders, including in-person 
meetings, facility tours and 
informational mailers. In 2020, 
Williams sent more than 21,600 
public awareness mailers to 
emergency response agencies.
Public Safety
As a safety-driven organization, we are committed to 
safeguarding our employees and our neighbors. We do this  
by continually expanding and strengthening our public safety 
campaigns that support one-call center, Damage Prevention 
and Public Awareness, and our comprehensive contingency 
plans ensure that our employees and first responders are able 
to respond immediately, safely and efficiently to any emergency 
response situation. 
BRIAN MCCOY, DIRECTOR OF ENTERPRISE SECURITY AND SERVICES AT WILLIAMS

67
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure
Williams implemented a pandemic 
response business continuity plan  
in 2020 to provide guidance for 
supplementing existing department 
business continuity plans with 
pandemic planning. The plan also 
established measures to protect 
employees and safeguard critical 
business operations during a 
pandemic or other serious 
widespread illness. The enterprise 
plan established activation triggers 
that are initiated based on current 
conditions and severity of the 
pandemic threat. This will help define 
the operational posture of individual 
facilities, districts and the 
organization. Once the executive 
officer team activates the enterprise 
pandemic response, individual 
departments can utilize the  
corporate or operational readiness 
planning checklist to assist in 
preparation efforts. 
If an emergency incident does  
occur, we fully investigate the cause 
to prevent future occurrences. Our 
remediation management process 
establishes a standard method for 
managing post-emergency responses 
at company sites. By maintaining 
updated notification lists, Williams  
can coordinate with local emergency 
response organizations to effectively 
communicate necessary information 
to local communities. In 2020, there 
was a lightning strike that ignited  
a tank at one of our facilities in 
northeastern Pennsylvania. We 
collaborated with the local emergency 
response department to quickly 
address the situation and mitigate 
potential impacts on public safety. 
Fortunately, no injuries occurred  
as a result of the fire. Williams 
participated in an after-action review 
meeting with first responders to 
review the incident and discuss  
ways to prevent future occurrences.
We care greatly about the well-being 
of the communities where we 
operate, especially during times of 
emergency. Through our corporate 
giving channels, Williams provides 
financial contributions to support 
local emergency response teams.  
In 2020, Williams donated over 
$600,000 to more than 400 first 
responder organizations throughout 
our operating areas. We make 
charitable investments to employees 
and communities affected by natural 
disasters. In 2020, Williams 
contributed $3,000 in grants to first 
responders who completed Williams’ 
online emergency responder training 
course. We communicate this 
training and grant opportunity to 
emergency responders during 
in-person meetings as well as 
through our annual mailing program. 
For more information on Community 
Engagement, see page 88.
Pipeline right-of-way near downtown Fort Worth, Texas.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
68
Public Awareness 
Our focus on public safety 
contributes to our reputation as a 
reliable operator. One of the greatest 
challenges to maintaining safe 
pipeline operations is accidental 
damage caused by third-party 
excavation, construction, farming 
activities and homeowner 
maintenance. Williams has robust 
procedures in place to proactively 
engage with local stakeholders  
to help prevent potential safety 
incidents and reduce third-party 
damage to pipelines. We integrate 
best practices from the Common 
Ground Alliance, a member-driven 
association committed to preventing 
damage to underground infrastructure. 
Williams’ public awareness and 
damage prevention steering 
committee oversees the 
communication and implementation 
of public awareness and  
damage prevention initiatives.  
We design public awareness 
programs to enhance safety by 
increasing knowledge of pipeline 
locations and safety prevention 
measures. In 2020, the committee 
launched a new electronic form and 
mobile application to make it easier 
for Williams employees to record 
supplemental public awareness 
outreach activities with landowners, 
farmers, professional excavators  
and other stakeholders. 
Williams sends an annual public 
awareness mailer to surrounding 
landowners and community 
members detailing the importance  
of calling “811” at least three days 
before the start of any digging 
project so underground utilities  
can mark their lines. We also send  
a mailer to farming and ranching 
communities within 10 miles of our 
pipelines. We always encourage 
individuals to contact one of  
our 24-hour control centers to  
report abnormal conditions or an 
emergency at Williams’ pipelines  
and facilities. 
Our online damage prevention  
toolkit provides field personnel with 
tools, resources and technologies  
for identifying and preventing  
line strikes. We update the toolkit 
regularly as new best practices, 
lessons learned or improved tools 
and technologies become available. 
Williams uses a dashboard that 
communicates trends in near-miss 
and line-strike data across the 
company and helps drive reporting 
consistency. In 2020, Williams 
expanded the dashboard to  
include supplemental data,  
including one-call center tickets  
to provide easier access to 
centralized information. 
Williams successfully mitigated 
multiple third-party one-call center 
system failures in 2020, which 
prevented impacted states from 
generating one-call tickets or 
sending tickets to utility operators. 
We performed 24-hour patrols and 
took 24-hour calls from excavators  
to prevent third-party line strikes 
during these periods. Despite  
these challenges, Williams did  
not experience any Department  
of Transportation (DOT) reportable 
releases from third-party damages  
in 2020.
We maintain compliance with all 
relevant DOT requirements, including 
the annual manual review (AMR)  
and periodic procedure review 
(PPR). The AMR is an annual review 
to address changes in regulations  
and technical or industry standards 
and evaluate whether our operating 
requirements are adequate and 
effective. The PPR is done every  
five years to observe the work done 
by employees on DOT-regulated 
pipelines and facilities to determine 
the adequacy and effectiveness  
of procedures used in normal 
operations and maintenance.

69
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure
Williams safely delivers the energy 
that people use every day to heat 
homes, cook food and generate 
electricity. We integrate safety into all 
aspects of our operations, including 
how we manage our facilities and 
assets. The Williams Integrated 
Management System includes a 
comprehensive set of policies and 
standards to manage process safety 
that ranges from pre-startup safety 
review policies to process hazard 
analysis requirements. 
We proactively manage process 
safety risks while complying with 
applicable regulations and industry 
standards. To create a uniform 
approach to conducting safety 
reviews, we implemented 
standardized management of 
change and pre-startup safety review 
software across the organization that 
more thoroughly evaluates and 
tracks modifications to our assets.
Williams implements processes  
and uses equipment to prevent the 
uncontrolled release of hydrocarbons 
and hazardous substances. We 
follow the API Recommended 
Practice 754 to track process  
safety occurrences. In 2020, we 
experienced 13 process safety  
Tier 1 events. We aimed to decrease 
process safety incidents by 10%  
in 2020 and met this goal, with a 
12.5% decrease in Tier 1 and Tier 2 
safety events. These releases were 
predominantly Tier 2 events. A 
focused task team was set up in 2020 
to review process safety releases for 
common root causes and lessons 
learned. We set a goal to reduce 
annual process safety incidents  
by an additional 10% in 2021.
Williams views strong safety 
performance as synonymous  
with a well-managed company. 
Williams continues to emphasize 
hazard and near-miss identification 
and reporting to better investigate 
potential incidents and mitigate  
actual incidents before they occur.  
Our emphasis on high-potential 
near-misses continues to strengthen 
our safety culture and builds a deeper 
understanding of hazard recognition 
that will ultimately drive down incident 
severity. We share lessons learned 
across the company so employees 
understand key findings.
Our live performance data 
dashboard for process safety 
incidents lets us further assess  
our key safety indicators and  
identify areas for improvement.  
The dashboard allows increased 
visibility into process safety metrics 
and performance from an enterprise 
level down to the individual asset.
Process Safety
achieved reduction  
in process safety 
incidents since 2017. 
78.5% 
Operations Technician Blake E. at Delga 
compressor station in Fort Worth, Texas.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
70
As an energy infrastructure company, 
Williams is keenly aware of potential 
damages due to cyberattacks, 
including physical harm, financial 
losses and reputational damage.  
We are committed to protecting 
Williams’ facilities, operations and 
business-critical information to 
preserve stakeholder and customer 
trust and promote long-term business 
sustainability. Williams implements 
preventive measures, company-wide 
policies and training courses to  
avert unauthorized access to our 
physical locations and computerized 
systems. In 2020, we blocked 98%  
of malicious messages.
Governance 
Practices
Our commitment to mitigating 
cybersecurity risks extends to all 
levels of the organization, from facility 
personnel to the board of directors. 
Our executive-level steering 
committee provides additional 
oversight on Williams’ cybersecurity 
initiatives. In 2020, Williams 
established a new management 
structure, with two new teams 
overseeing cybersecurity issues.
The cyber risk team focuses on 
cyber governance, risk assessment 
and compliance review and 
facilitation. The cyber operations 
team focuses on access fulfillment, 
technical security control 
management, security event 
monitoring, security standards 
development and incident response. 
Additionally, we established a new 
cybersecurity hardening committee 
for all groups across IT. 
In 2020, the executive-level steering 
committee approved the refinement 
of company cybersecurity-related 
policies: Data Classification, 
Cybersecurity and Acceptable Use 
Policy. These three policies include 
step-by-step guidelines to establish 
a timely, consistent response to 
mitigate the effects of any security 
incidents on our customers, partners 
and employees.
In 2021, we will incorporate other 
cybersecurity- and data-related 
policies into the standards  
and programs associated with  
these three main policies. The 
executive-level committee also 
improved cybersecurity reporting 
metrics, such as time lost due  
to event and incident response 
actions. We developed a quarterly 
cybersecurity board report to 
communicate our performance and 
any identified risks to the board.
Cybersecurity
Tulsa pipeline control in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

71
Protecting People & Strengthening Infrastructure
Programs  
& Initiatives
With the abrupt transition to remote 
work in March 2020, the COVID-19 
pandemic highlighted the need  
for reinforced cybersecurity. As a 
result, we created more focused 
cybersecurity campaigns dealing 
with home network security and 
public Wi-Fi. Our new VPN solution 
provided added security for our 
newly remote workforce. We also 
implemented new controls such as 
anti-virus software for workstations 
and servers, data loss prevention 
and cloud security. Additional 
initiatives included a network 
behavior analytics project,  
firewall deployment, a multi-factor 
authentication project, improved 
centralized logging, a cell modem 
management tool and an access 
management modernization project. 
In 2020, our executive-level  
steering committee established  
an industrial control systems 
cybersecurity program.  
This program aims to protect, secure 
and make our technology-based 
operational assets available to meet 
business demands. We do this by 
leveraging the appropriate skill  
sets across departments, applying 
best practices and maintaining 
accountability to leadership, 
including the board of directors. 
We conduct regular internal audits 
and risk strategy sessions to assess 
cybersecurity threats and respond 
accordingly. To complement this 
effort, Williams contracts with a third 
party to evaluate our corporate and 
operations networks. We remain 
focused on continuously improving 
our approach to managing 
cybersecurity. In 2020, we 
completed a tabletop exercise  
and a cybersecurity maturity 
benchmark to prioritize future  
goals and initiatives. The results of 
the tabletop exercise indicated that 
Williams is well versed in handling 
security incidents and able to 
effectively triage, investigate and 
communicate ransomware situations. 
Training
Our cybersecurity awareness  
and training standard helps all 
employees, contractors and  
vendors be aware of cybersecurity 
risks. In 2020, 99.7% of employees 
completed cybersecurity training to 
reduce risk exposure. Williams also 
deploys monthly simulated phishing 
emails to practice identifying and 
responding to email attacks. We 
require employees and contractors 
who fail a phishing email test to 
complete additional training.
Williams supplements training 
programs with awareness initiatives 
that call attention to cybersecurity 
through posters, presentations, 
newsletters and events. For the  
past five years, Williams has hosted 
a Know Williams event during 
National Cybersecurity Awareness 
Month to inform employees about  
the different types of cybersecurity 
risks. In 2020, virtual sessions 
included topics like “Identity Theft” 
and “Scams Exploiting COVID-19”  
to better equip our employees to 
protect data and privacy. 
Operations Technicians Benjamin B. and Kaleb S. at Camstock meter run in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
72
Contents
Company Overview
Providing Clean, 
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
Minimizing  
Our Footprint
Protecting People  
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
Building an 
Empowered 
Workforce
Strengthening 
Communities
About This Report
WE MAKE CLEAN ENERGY HAPPEN® 
Building an 
Empowered 
Workforce
Our employees are our most valuable resource and 
we have a longstanding commitment to attracting, 
developing and retaining the very best talent in  
the industry. We take pride in our high-performing 
culture and our low turnover rate, which highlights  
the importance of investing in our people so they can 
reach their full potential. We believe that we create 
long-term value by conducting our business ethically 
and creating a culture of respect. Our founders,  
Dave and Miller Williams, set the tone in 1908 as they 
began a legacy with the motto, “a good job on time.”
Project Analyst Jennifer H. in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

73
Building an Empowered Workforce

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
74
Increased racial tensions across the 
United States and globally in 2020 
served as a stark reminder that,  
as a company and a nation, work  
still needs to be done to address 
ongoing discrimination and inequity 
issues. Williams wants all employees 
to feel respected and valued for  
their contributions. We believe that 
Diversity and Inclusion (D&I) fosters 
innovation and collaboration, brings 
out the best in our people and drives 
business success. We are working  
to embed D&I in our daily culture 
through leadership accountability, 
employee education, workplace 
practices and proactive allyship. 
Governance 
GRI 103-2; 103-3
Williams’ commitment to D&I starts  
at the top, and our leadership is 
vocal about embracing a diverse  
and inclusive workforce. Our chief 
executive officer (CEO) pledged 
support for the CEO Action for 
Diversity and Inclusion Coalition.  
This pledge outlines a specific  
set of actions that signatory CEOs 
will take to cultivate a trusting 
environment in which employees  
feel comfortable and empowered  
to have conversations about D&I.
These actions include implementing 
unconscious bias education, 
encouraging ongoing dialogue  
and sharing strategic inclusion  
and diversity plans with the board  
of directors.
Our senior vice president and  
chief human resources officer  
is responsible for D&I at Williams  
and reports directly to the CEO  
about D&I issues. Both of these 
senior executives also sit on the 
Diversity and Inclusion Council, 
which includes our entire executive 
officer team and high-performing 
employees from across the 
company. The Diversity and 
Inclusion Council identifies D&I 
opportunities and initiatives  
to implement throughout our 
organization. The senior vice 
president and chief human  
resources officer reports to the  
board of directors regarding  
D&I on a biannual basis. 
In 2020, the Diversity and  
Inclusion Council formed a  
metrics subcommittee to create a 
comprehensive view of our current 
workforce and provide data needed to 
set short- and longer-term goals and 
initiatives related to increased diversity.
The Diversity and Inclusion Council 
developed an internal metrics 
dashboard to help identify gaps, 
track progress and prioritize 
improvements in hiring and retention. 
In early 2021, this data was shared 
internally in our inaugural annual 
Diversity and Inclusion Report. 
Williams has several policies that 
reinforce our commitment to an 
inclusive workplace. Our Code of 
Business Conduct includes 
expectations for creating a positive 
work environment. Williams’ Equal 
Employment Opportunity Policy 
outlines our approach to providing 
equal employment and advancement 
opportunities for all. Our Prohibition 
of Workplace Discrimination and 
Harassment Policy defines our 
commitment to preventing  
workplace discrimination and 
harassment. Williams communicates 
diversity-related policies to 
employees through our internal 
intranet site, company-wide 
communications and team meetings. 
We annually train on these policies 
through our Code of Business 
Conduct and Harassment trainings.
Diversity & Inclusion
GRI 103-1
I am passionate about working in a culture that lifts up and 
provides a voice to all. Receiving this award is meaningful and 
humbling. The most important thing I can do as a leader is to 
nurture and develop our people and continue paving the way 
for their success. 
KANDI WILSON, SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGER AT WILLIAMS

75
Building an Empowered Workforce
Resources  
& Training
We believe that every employee 
contributes to building an inclusive 
culture, and we provide a variety of 
tools and resources to employees 
and leaders to help them do so.  
In 2020, we expanded the Williams  
D&I resource library to help facilitate 
candid conversations at work and 
home about racial injustice and 
discrimination. The resources include 
a Leader Inclusion Playbook to help 
teams navigate conversations about 
inclusion, reading resources and 
topical webinars. We also created  
a D&I feedback form to capture 
employee thoughts and suggestions 
on fostering an inclusive environment 
at Williams.
In 2020, we introduced an ongoing 
educational platform, Catalyst,  
to provide additional tools and 
resources that stimulate meaningful 
conversations, drive social 
awareness and promote allyship 
across the company. The senior 
management team completed a 
Catalyst “Leading Inclusive Teams” 
training, which provided necessary 
leadership skills to manage diverse 
teams and build a more inclusive 
workplace. Williams will require all 
individuals in formal leadership roles 
to complete the training in 2021.  
Our corporate membership with 
Catalyst also allows each employee 
to register with their work email 
address to access all content, free of 
charge, including research, webinars 
and exercises.
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Championing  
Diversity & Inclusion
In 2020, Kandi Wilson, manager of central service’s supply chain, received 
Williams’ Randy Barnard Leave the Ladder Down Award. This award  
honors those who serve as a champion of inclusion and reinforce Williams’ 
inclusive culture.
The Leave the Ladder Down Award program began in 2008 as a way  
to recognize leaders who model the Williams Way—treating employees, 
customers, business partners, shareholders and the communities we  
serve with respect and dignity. Kandi promoted minority-owned vendors  
and was instrumental in creating the new Code of Conduct for Suppliers  
and Contractors that requires vendors to adhere to our strong Code and  
Core Values, including respect for human rights.
Supply Chain Manager Kandi W. and Williams’ 
President and CEO Alan A. in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
76
We also implemented a series of 
enterprise-wide panel events called 
Candid Conversations, designed to 
encourage dialogue and allow 
employees to develop a deeper 
understanding of our diverse 
backgrounds. In 2020, we held three 
related events and will continue this 
program in 2021. We also created  
a D&I Microsoft Teams channel to 
provide employees a safe space to 
engage in conversation and dialogue.
In 2020, we revitalized our employee 
resource groups to provide formal 
and grass-roots opportunities for 
dialogue, information-sharing and 
networking to promote a more 
inclusive culture for all employees. 
Current employee resource groups 
include veterans, women and 
LGBTQ employees. These groups 
function in a flexible and responsive 
way to the changing needs of our 
organization and our employees. 
Employee committees also help 
facilitate new and exciting initiatives. 
For example, an employee-led Black 
History Month committee planned 
our first enterprise-wide Black History 
Month program.
Diverse Employee 
Representation
GRI 405-1
We strive for diverse representation 
at all levels through our talent 
management practices and 
employee development programs. 
We are committed to helping all 
employees elevate into company 
leadership positions by creating  
an equitable playing field. 
Williams is dedicated to providing 
leadership development opportunities 
for all employees. We emphasize D&I 
during all development conversations 
and succession planning initiatives.  
In 2020, 26% of our leadership team 
was female or ethnic minority. Our 
female leadership representation 
increased from 16% to 18% from 
2019 to 2020, while ethnic minority 
leadership representation stayed  
flat at about 10%. 
Williams is addressing gender  
and ethnic representation in  
our field workforce. Through  
strategic partnerships with 
organizations such as Catalyst  
and Women’s Energy Network,  
we are accelerating leadership 
development and expanding 
opportunities for diverse employees. 
For example, we are involved with 
Men Advocating for Real Change 
(MARC), a Catalyst initiative that 
inspires men to leverage their  
unique opportunity to be advocates 
for equity. We attended a MARC 
conference in 2020 and launched 
related programs within the company.
We implemented a broader selection 
of identifiers for employees to select 
in our human resources system’s 
self-identification process. Options 
now include race/ethnicity, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, preferred 
gender pronoun and employee 
resource group affinity. In doing so, we 
are able to facilitate broader diversity 
reporting at the enterprise level and 
better employee engagement.
Inclusive hiring practices and 
developing a diverse talent pipeline 
are important ways we promote 
inclusion in our workforce. Williams 
works to cast a wide net in recruiting 
for potential employees to consider 
many different qualified applicants. 
We also partner with universities and 
technical schools to support education 
and internship opportunities for 
diverse students. In 2020, we 
expanded our strategic partnerships 
with schools, implemented more 
inclusive job descriptions and 
refreshed our interview guides to 
include D&I-focused questions.  
For additional information on our 
hiring and development practices, 
see page 78.
Williams was the first major energy 
infrastructure corporation to have a 
female chair. Dr. Kathleen Cooper 
retired from the board in 2020, but 
we have continued our long practice 
of having gender diversity on our 
board by adding two new female 
directors this past year. See the 
Corporate Governance section on 
page 13 for more information about 
our board of directors.
of employees are required to complete sexual 
harassment training each year to recognize and 
avoid the types of behaviors that contribute to  
an uncomfortable work environment. We monitor 
this training to ensure 100% completion.
100%

77
Building an Empowered Workforce
Ethnic Diversity at Williams Gender Diversity at Williams
Roles Held by Female 
Employees at Williams
Roles Held by Ethnically 
Diverse Employees at Williams
Williams 2020 Diversity Data*
15% ethnically 
diverse
85% not 
ethnically diverse
21% women 79% men
39% technical 
and support roles
61% professional  
and managerial roles
27% technical 
and support roles
73% professional  
and managerial roles
* Data represents the roles held by female and ethnically diverse employees at Williams, respectively. Technical roles use operational and technical skills to support 
work done typically in a non-office setting, such as a pipeline station or processing facility. Support roles use technical and operations skills to support office related 
or administrative work. Professional roles primarily achieve results through individual contributions, internal consulting, and project management. Managerial roles are 
accountable for functional and/or program management and typically manage the work of two or more individuals.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
78
Employee Attraction
Williams’ strategic and operational 
business results rely on attracting  
the best talent in the industry. We 
leverage various recruiting strategies 
to hire candidates aligned with  
our business needs. Our primary 
recruitment platforms include 
external job boards, our Williams 
Careers site, career fairs, university 
programming and community 
partnerships. We also offer a Talent 
Scout Incentive program to broaden 
Williams’ candidate pool through 
employee referrals.
In 2020, we focused on inclusive 
hiring processes. Our Diversity  
and Inclusion Council and executive 
leadership identified increasing 
diverse talent in the recruitment  
and application process as an 
important focus area. 
To do so, we refreshed interview 
guides with inclusive questions 
aligned with Williams’ core 
competencies. We launched a 
training for hiring managers focused 
on inclusion in the interview process 
and diversified our interview panels 
when possible. We also utilize Textio, 
a writing tool that helps identify 
hidden biases in writing, while 
drafting job descriptions to make 
them more inclusive.
Williams partners with universities 
and technical schools in the United 
States to recruit for entry-level 
opportunities and paid internships.  
In 2020, 29 students joined the 
company from 15 universities, 
spanning nine states. We continue  
to expand our partnerships and 
program giving with a special focus 
on underrepresented student groups 
and programs. 
We also partner with Genesys  
Works, an organization that provides 
pathways to career success for  
high school students in underserved 
communities. These students gain 
tools for success as they develop 
meaningful relationships with Williams 
mentors and learn professional skills 
to work in a corporate environment. 
Over 70 high school students have 
interned at Williams over the last 
decade and, in 2020, all seven 
interns were college-bound. Even 
when the pandemic forced a shift  
to remote work, we retained our 
interns and created new ways for 
them to contribute from home.
Employee Retention 
& Development
Our employees are instrumental in 
our mission to safely deliver products 
that fuel the clean energy economy. 
Williams employs nearly 5,000 
people across the United States  
and supporting each of them in their 
professional and personal lives is  
key to our success as a company.  
As our company grows, we remain 
focused on creating a safe, inclusive 
workplace where employees feel 
valued and heard.
Our retention efforts, which include 
professional development 
opportunities and a leading benefits 
package, allowed us to maintain a 
low voluntary turnover rate of 4.6%  
in 2020, compared to 6.1% in 2019. 
Employee Attraction, 
Retention & Development
GRI 103-1; 103-2; 103-3; 404-3
10% under  
30 years old
60% 30–50  
years old
30% over 50 
years old
2020 Employee 
Age Distribution

79
Building an Empowered Workforce
We conduct employee engagement 
surveys to identify Williams’  
strengths and weaknesses from  
our employees’ perspectives. The 
survey results help us evaluate and 
continuously improve our approach 
to employee engagement.
We encourage employees to engage 
in open dialogue regarding their 
professional development through 
ongoing, one-on-one meetings  
with supervisors and during formal 
performance reviews. We measure 
performance through the achieved 
results associated with attaining 
annual business goals, operational 
and functional area strategies,  
and personal development  
plans. Additionally, we evaluate 
observable skills and behaviors 
based on our defined competencies 
that contribute to workplace 
effectiveness and career success. 
In 2020, 100% of employees 
received a performance assessment 
and 10% received a promotion.
We value our employees and want  
to provide internal development 
opportunities. In 2020, we placed  
an intentional focus on recruiting 
internal talent for new development 
and promotional opportunities. 
Williams’ internal human resources 
system allows employees to view 
and apply to all currently posted 
requisitions. We fill approximately 
42% of all open positions from within.
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Supporting  
Our Veterans
Williams sponsored the Disabled America Veterans guide to  
hiring and retaining veterans with disabilities. The guide uses best 
practices for hiring and retaining veterans. Veterans gain exceptional 
experience and rigorous technical training through the military, 
making them ideal candidates for positions at Williams. These  
skills directly align with our need for adaptability, quick learning, 
accountability and effective project execution. We strategically  
recruit military veterans through virtual career fairs, targeted  
social media campaigns, virtual information sessions and direct 
partnerships. We recruit veterans for positions at all levels in the 
organization and, as a result of our efforts, more than 8% of Williams 
employees in 2020 were veterans. In addition to military leave, 
Williams provides pay offset by any military pay, and benefits,  
for up to 12 months of military leave.
rating received  
by Human Rights 
Campaign Foundation’s 
Corporate Equality 
Index in 2020.
90
Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategic Development Chad Zamarin and 
Williams’ President and CEO Alan Armstrong at the 2020 Veterans Day Parade  
in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
80
Training Programs
Williams offers robust corporate and 
technical training programs coupled 
with strong employee engagement  
to support the professional 
development of our employees  
and long-term business value. We 
provide training opportunities that 
reflect an employee’s position, 
specific responsibilities and the  
local regulatory environment. 
On average, Williams’ employees 
completed 37 hours of compliance 
and technical training in 2020,  
in addition to leadership and 
development training not tracked 
through our learning management 
system. Field employees typically 
require more training than office-based 
personnel due to the nature of the  
job. In total, employees completed 
174,000 hours of corporate  
and technical training in 2020. 
Training expenditures decreased 
significantly in 2020 compared to 
previous years primarily due to 
COVID-19 restrictions that limited 
in-person meeting opportunities  
and travel. We remain committed  
to the professional development  
and upskilling of our employees. 
Our baseline leadership programs 
help support current leaders by 
providing tools and training 
resources to promote success  
in their roles. For example, we 
encourage employees to participate 
in McKinsey Black Leadership 
programs, which help equip Black 
employees with the capabilities, 
mindsets, behaviors and network  
to help them achieve their 
professional aspirations. 
Our early career professional 
development program enables 
post-undergraduate employees to 
participate in an intensive, three-year 
rotational or nonrotational program to 
build technical expertise at Williams. 
The program consistently achieves 
strong representation across 
diversity dimensions, helping build a 
robust pipeline of future talent. Over 
the last five years, on average 27% 
of our early career program hires 
were ethnic minorities and 40% were 
female. Our early career program is 
one avenue to help us fill the gap by 
bringing in new diverse talent. 
We also offer a Safety Leadership 
training program for executive 
leadership and directors as well  
as operations managers and 
supervisors. The program brings  
the Williams safety vision to life by 
demonstrating the importance of 
leading by example and modeling 
safety behaviors and practices.  
At Williams we deeply value our employees and see them as 
one of our greatest assets, and therefore invest in them. This 
starts with making sure we’ve made ourselves an appealing  
and attractive employer to all talent. We set the guidelines for  
all employees to be successful, be developing and be part of  
a truly inclusive culture. 
MIKEALE CAMPBELL, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION PROGRAM MANAGER AT WILLIAMS
Employee Category 2018 2019 2020
Corporate and technical training hours completed by employees 172,000 175,000 174,000
Corporate and technical training hours completed per employee 32 37 37
2020 Employee Training

81
Building an Empowered Workforce
For executive leadership and 
directors, this interactive and 
personalized course provides an 
opportunity to gain the knowledge 
and skills necessary to create and 
effectively deliver a safety leadership 
message and incorporate meaningful 
safety conversations in all daily 
tasks. For operations managers and 
supervisors, the course effectively 
engages and influences employees 
and contractors in difficult safety 
conversations and creates an 
environment that enables employees 
and contractors to advance the 
safety culture. For more information 
on safety at Williams, see page 56. 
Succession Planning
Williams engages in talent review 
and succession planning to assess 
our organizational capability and 
guarantee ongoing talent capacity. 
Our Talking Talent program enables 
us to evaluate talent across the 
company and calibrate accordingly. 
Additionally, our Talking 
Development program provides the 
opportunity for managers to think 
strategically about the broader 
spectrum of development needs  
and identify themes. Aligning these 
themes to the strategic priorities of 
the organization helps ensure that 
succession and development plans 
support the growth of individuals  
and the business. As part of our 
succession analysis, we also review 
the demographics of our potential 
successor pool. We utilize career 
transition services to support 
transitioning individuals through  
a combination of career coaching, 
networking, industry-specific job 
leads, reskilling and upskilling.
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Business Development 
& Training Programs
We launched a variety of new development initiatives in 2020, including  
a focused program for project management teams. This program includes  
a project management boot camp, in which 20 employees were selected  
to participate.
We also developed and deployed a new commercial development program 
specifically created for Williams Commercial and Business Development 
employees by McKenzie Pitch Partners. During the second half of 2020 and the 
first quarter of 2021, 56 select senior-level employees and mid-level managers 
completed the course focused on key business development skills and deal 
progression techniques to advance a strong customer focus commercial 
culture at Williams. Due to the success of the program, we will continue to 
expand eligibility to additional employees in 2021. Through such programming, 
employees will develop a common understanding of the business development 
and sales process, as well as improve their commercial acumen.
We also launched an operations technician development program, which 
helps employees understand baseline standards and prepare for future 
business needs through additional skills training. In 2020, 542 operations 
technicians completed Phase 1 of the training program.
Senior Administrative Assistant Sandra T. and Supply 
Chain Supervisor Roderick G. in Houston, Texas.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
82
Employee Benefits
Williams provides a comprehensive 
total rewards program that includes 
base salary, an all-employee annual 
incentive program, retirement 
benefits and a health and wellness 
program. In 2020, a third party 
assessed our benefits package  
to make sure plans and programs  
were meeting the needs of our 
diverse workforce. Our benefits 
program exceeds the benchmarks 
for both our industry segment and 
the energy industry as a whole. 
Williams provides employees  
with company-paid life insurance, 
disability coverage and paid parental 
leave for both birth and non-birth 
parents. In 2020, we increased  
paid parental leave to six weeks. 
Additionally, more than 95% of 
Williams’ employees are saving  
for retirement through our 401(k) 
plan. Whether or not they utilize  
the Williams 401(k) plan, all  
employees receive company-paid 
retirement benefits.
We recognize and reward our 
employees who play a critical  
role in our company’s success. 
Williams’ discretionary Annual 
Incentive Program (AIP) offers 
incentives based on company-wide 
performance, individual performance 
and select environmental and  
safety metrics to drive business 
results, enhance collaboration  
and motivate employees.
Williams has expanded the focus 
from just safety and financial metrics 
to include environmental goals  
and, in 2021, Williams will target  
a 10% reduction in loss of primary 
containment events from our 2020 
performance. We also added an 
environmental, health and safety 
training completion metric to the 
front-line quarterly bonus. These 
goals emphasize our focus on 
reducing environmental and  
safety risk.
By having a stake in the success  
of the company, employees will find 
more opportunities to make Williams 
stronger. We therefore provide an 
employee stock purchase plan to 
purchase company stock at a 15% 
discount. In 2020, 41% of eligible 
employees elected to participate  
in the program.
Union Labor
GRI 102-41
Organized labor serves as an 
important voice advocating for the 
necessary expansion of domestic 
energy infrastructure. We have 
strong relationships with unions in 
many of our pipeline areas. Williams 
recognizes the right of employees 
under the National Labor Relations 
Act to, among other things, organize, 
form, join or assist unions and to 
engage in protected, concerted 
activities. Williams is dedicated to 
creating a workplace that respects 
and values all employees and 
maintains an environment of  
open and direct communication.
We develop mutually rewarding 
relationships with our employees 
through fairness, trust and integrity. 
Because we encourage a direct 
partnership with our employees,  
we do not believe in the need for  
an outside group to speak on their 
behalf. In 2020, none of Williams’ 
employees were represented under 
collective bargaining agreements.
Williams has a longstanding practice 
of assessing local talent first for all 
available job positions. For our Leidy 
South project, more than 70% of the 
contracts executed in 2020 were with 
companies that use organized labor.
Operations Technician Damon F. at Cotton Belt compressor station in Fort Worth, Texas.

83
Building an Empowered Workforce
Williams’ employees and board of 
directors act with integrity as we 
deliver the products people rely  
on for electricity, heating and 
cooking. Our commitment to 
upholding high standards of  
ethics and compliance is a key  
driver of our ability to operate a 
sustainable, profitable company.
Our Core Values—Authentic,  
Safety-Driven, Reliable Performers 
and Responsible Stewards—guide 
how we perform our work every day 
on behalf of our stakeholders. Living 
by these values earns the trust of  
our customers, local communities, 
investors and other stakeholders and 
contributes to our long-term success. 
Our Code of Business Conduct sets 
the ethical conduct expectations for 
officers, directors and employees at 
all levels. It also applies to Williams 
subsidiaries and, in certain cases, 
our joint ventures. 
Ethics & Compliance
GRI 102-16
Authentic
Our integrity cannot be 
compromised; for more 
than a century we’ve 
remained true to 
ourselves, striving to do 
the right thing, every time.
Safety Driven
Safeguarding our  
people and neighbors  
is ingrained in our  
culture and fundamental  
to everything we do.
Reliable Performers
We stand behind our 
reputation as a 
dependable and 
trustworthy business that 
delivers on our promises.
Responsible Stewards
We are dedicated to 
strengthening our people 
and communities and to 
protecting the environment.
The Code is our primary mechanism 
to drive compliance with all laws, 
avoid conflicts of interest, maintain  
a safe and inclusive workforce and 
report ethical concerns. As outlined 
in the Code, we strictly prohibit any 
act of corruption, including bribery, 
the making of facilitation payments, 
fraud, extortion, conflicts of interest 
and the giving or receiving of  
gifts designed to influence the 
recipient’s judgment.
All employees must annually 
complete Code of Business  
Conduct training. As part of  
this computer-based training, 
employees must acknowledge that 
they have read and understand the 
Code’s expectations. In addition, 
senior leadership must complete  
an 11-question certification to 
confirm their understanding of  
Code expectations. New employees  
must complete the training within  
the first 30 days of employment.  
In 2020, 100% of our employees 
completed compliance and ethics 
training courses.
The Williams Ethics and Compliance 
program communicates and 
manages key elements of ethics  
and integrity, including through our 
Core Values, Code and guidelines 
for reporting suspected violations. 
Williams’ chief ethics and compliance 
officer has oversight responsibility  
for our Ethics and Compliance 
program, and high-level personnel 
are responsible for the effectiveness 
of this program. 
The Williams Ethics Advisory panel 
assesses the effectiveness of the 
Ethics and Compliance program  
and recommends enhancements  
as necessary. We incorporate 
benchmark comparative metrics in 
our annual assessment as part of the 
evaluation process. In coordination 
with the Ethics Advisory panel, 
internal subject matter experts and 
internal audit team, we also conduct 
an annual risk assessment to review 
compliance with our ethics policies.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
84
We strictly prohibit any act of 
corruption, including bribery, the 
making of facilitation payments, 
fraud, extortion, conflicts of interest 
and the giving or receiving of gifts 
that are designed to influence the 
recipient’s judgment. The Williams 
board of directors audit committee 
has established procedures for the 
receipt, retention and treatment of 
complaints regarding accounting, 
internal accounting controls or 
auditing matters. Williams was  
not involved in any pending  
or completed legal actions,  
fines or settlements in 2020 
regarding bribery, corruption  
or anti-competitive violations.
Certain Williams customers, 
including Chesapeake Energy 
Corporation (Chesapeake), have 
been named in various lawsuits 
alleging underpayment of royalties 
and claiming, among other things, 
violations of anti-trust laws and the 
Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt 
Organizations Act. We have also 
been named as a defendant in 
certain cases filed in Pennsylvania 
based on allegations that we 
improperly participated with 
Chesapeake in causing the  
alleged royalty underpayments.
We believe that the claims asserted 
are subject to indemnity obligations 
owed to us by Chesapeake. 
Chesapeake has reached a 
settlement to resolve substantially  
all pending Pennsylvania royalty 
cases, in which settlement applies  
to both Chesapeake and us. The 
settlement does not require any 
contribution from Williams and is 
awaiting court approval. 
WILLIAMS WAY SPOTLIGHT
Ethics & Compliance 
Program
In 2020, we evaluated our Ethics and Compliance program against updated 
Department of Justice (DOJ) guidance. Though much of the enhanced 
federal guidance was already contained in our program, our 2020 policy 
governance initiative further supports the availability and clarity of guidance 
regarding corporate policies. This policy governance initiative established  
a common and consistent process for the drafting, review, updating,  
approval and communication of enterprise-level policies. We created an 
enterprise-level management policy to provide clear guidance regarding  
the process structure and design. We also contracted with the Business 
Ethics Resource Center (BERC) as a key gatekeeper to ensure consistent 
handling of enterprise-level policies. BERC’s role is to help guide 
stakeholders through the established annual review process and assist in 
facilitation of an enterprise communication plan regarding new and updated 
polices. New policy recommendations are worked through the BERC Office 
and presented to the Williams Ethics Advisory panel for approval. 
Annually, and when guidance such as the recent 2020 DOJ updated 
guidance becomes available, the BERC Office and the chief Ethics and 
Compliance officer conduct an internal review of the Williams Ethics and 
Compliance program to review current methods used to promote, monitor  
and enforce compliance with our policies and standards. We communicate 
the results of this review in an annual report to the Williams governance  
and sustainability committee. Additionally, we compare the company’s 
noncompliance data against the published NAVEX Global hotline 
benchmarking report. The BERC Office also meets annually with Ernst  
and Young to discuss the effectiveness of our program.
Commercial Contract Analyst Robin V. and Market 
Intelligence Analyst Stephanie A. in Houston, Texas.

85
Building an Empowered Workforce
Reporting Concerns 
GRI 102-17
We encourage our employees to 
report suspected violations of any 
law, regulation or company policy.  
It is against our policy for employees 
to engage in or tolerate retaliation  
or any form of harassment directed 
against an employee who reports  
a suspected problem in good faith. 
Williams offers several confidential 
mechanisms for reporting, including 
the Williams Business Ethics 
Resource Center, the Williams  
Action Line and our online ethics 
reporting site. Employees can 
access the Action Line 24 hours  
a day, seven days a week.  
An independent third party  
operates the Action Line to ensure 
confidentiality. We proactively 
communicate these resources 
through the Williams Ethics and 
Compliance program and on our 
internal and external websites.
Williams evaluates all alleged 
violations of law or company policies 
to assess the need for and level of 
investigation. Williams determines 
the appropriate next steps and, 
where warranted, takes appropriate 
corrective action, up to and including 
dismissal. In 2020, we received 186 
concerns through ethics reporting 
channels. Additionally, the Williams 
board of directors receives quarterly 
updates regarding the Ethics and 
Compliance program.
 
74 management
 
55 human 
resources
 
38 other reporting 
channels
2020 Number of Inquiries 
Received Through Ethics 
Reporting Channels
Board of Directors
Audit  
Committee
Governance and  
Sustainability Committee
Ethics Advisory Panel
Made up of high-level  
representatives from across the 
enterprise. Meets regularly to  
oversee the effectiveness of the  
Ethics and Compliance program.
Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer
Responsible for adopting, implementing 
and maintaining the Ethics and 
Compliance program for Williams.
Federal Energy Regulatory  
Commission Compliance Officer
Business Ethics  
Resource Center
Ethics and Compliance Governance Structure
 
15 Action Line
 
4 business ethics 
resources center

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
86
Contents
Company Overview
Providing Clean, 
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
Minimizing  
Our Footprint
Protecting People  
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
Building an 
Empowered 
Workforce
Strengthening 
Communities
About This Report
WE MAKE CLEAN ENERGY HAPPEN® 
Strengthening 
Communities
As a responsible steward, Williams is committed  
to positively affecting the lives of those who live  
near our assets and operations. Our employees  
work and live in the communities where we  
operate, so we take great pride in developing  
strong community relationships. We build trust by 
maintaining open and responsive communication  
with suppliers and community members, including 
landowners and Indigenous Peoples. We promote 
positive relationships with community stakeholders 
through engagement, meaningful investments and 
responsible supply chain management.
Employee Relations and HR Policy 
Specialist Lindsay H. in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

87
Strengthening Communities

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
88
Community Engagement
Williams believes in the importance of building and maintaining 
positive relationships in the communities where we operate.  
Our community engagement efforts go well beyond what’s 
required, as we strive to engage stakeholders early and often 
about our projects and operations, to support local initiatives 
and to be recognized as an active and engaged member of  
the community.
KYLE TARPLEY, COMMUNITY AND PROJECT OUTREACH SPECIALIST AT WILLIAMS
As a good neighbor, Williams 
prioritizes developing and 
strengthening relationships with  
the communities where we operate. 
Williams actively engages with a 
variety of community stakeholders, 
from local business owners and 
community leaders to public officials 
and nongovernmental organizations. 
We employ multiple communication 
channels to foster open dialogue, 
including digital platforms, in-person 
meetings, newsletters and open 
houses. Our goal is to engage 
stakeholders throughout the lifecycle 
of our projects and operations.
In 2020, we participated in more  
than 220 stakeholder engagements 
with local communities, including  
13 community events, six open 
houses, 70 phone interactions  
with Native American tribes,  
18 meetings with chambers of 
commerce, 14 environmental  
justice meetings and 13 meetings  
with county commissioners.
Williams upholds a process for 
receiving, analyzing and responding 
to community concerns, including 
maintaining a dedicated email 
address to receive and manage  
local concerns. Williams employs  
the Federal Energy Regulatory 
Commission’s (FERC) voluntary 
pre-filing process to engage affected 
stakeholders prior to submittal of a 
formal project certificate application. 
Activities include public meetings and 
consultations with elected officials, 
community leaders and affected 
landowners. We followed this process 
for such projects as the Regional 
Energy Access project in 2020. 
Williams’ community and project 
outreach team serves as the  
central contact point for stakeholder 
engagement efforts related to pipeline 
projects. The team develops and 
maintains a project-specific public 
participation plan for major projects. 
We implement these plans  
through use of our Public Outreach 
Strategy Guide, which formally 
outlines Williams’ approach to 
community engagement and 
consultation. The guide emphasizes 
the importance of early contact, 
continual communication  
and being flexible whenever 
possible. Executive oversight  
of community engagement  
falls within the responsibility  
of both our vice president of  
communications and corporate 
social responsibility, and also  
the vice president of government  
affairs and public outreach.
In 2020, we implemented new  
tools to better communicate  
and track engagement with 
stakeholders, including a new 
stakeholder management database 
that helps us inform and engage 
stakeholders concerning Williams’ 
latest expansion projects.

89
Strengthening Communities
The system allows us to successfully 
meet regulatory required notifications 
and manage interactions with 
stakeholders on an ongoing basis. 
For example, in 2020, we used  
a comprehensive stakeholder 
management system to conduct 
mailings to several hundred 
stakeholders regarding the Regional 
Energy Access pre-filing process. 
We then submitted the stakeholder 
list to the FERC as a component of 
our pre-filing process. Overall, the 
system improved Williams’ ability  
to effectively communicate project 
information in alignment with 
regulatory requirements.
We are also leveraging Spark 
Influence, a communications tool  
that enables Williams to quickly  
and easily reach stakeholders 
through email and mobile 
messaging. This system provides  
us with the ability to communicate 
directly with a broad base of 
contacts in an efficient manner.  
In early 2020, we used the system  
to communicate our commitment  
of $1 million for COVID-19 relief.  
We also used the Spark system to 
distribute project-based newsletters,  
notably for the Leidy South project. 
We sent multiple issues of the  
Leidy South newsletter to thousands 
of recipients to keep interested 
stakeholders informed about the 
progress of the project.
As a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic, Williams faced unique 
challenges with our traditional 
community engagement efforts.  
We worked to find creative solutions 
to engage with communities in safe, 
socially distant ways. For example, 
we conducted both in-person and 
virtual open houses for community 
members to provide additional 
information and listen to feedback 
related to Williams’ Regional Energy 
Access project. 
Senior Administrative Assistant Charolette J. on Williams’ Day of Caring in Lake Charles, Louisiana.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
90
As part of the FERC pre-filing 
process, the company is required  
to hold a series of open houses to 
inform landowners and stakeholders 
about the scope and need for the 
proposed project. Due to the 
COVID-19 shutdown, the company 
sought creative ways to effectively 
inform and engage stakeholders while 
meeting current requirements for 
social distancing and limits on public 
gatherings. The company also sought 
ways to meet the public’s preference 
for attending either in-person or virtual 
meetings, and not disenfranchise 
any member of the public from 
participating in the process.
Williams held three in-person and 
three virtual open houses in late June 
and early July 2020. In-person open 
houses included social distancing 
requirements, the use of masks and 
limits on attendance based on state 
protocols. We held the virtual open 
houses on dates aligned with the 
in-person events. In addition to a 
general project overview, Williams 
provided online, interactive maps, 
which allowed attendees the 
opportunity to submit comments 
regarding the project directly onto the 
maps; this an entirely new method for 
engaging stakeholders on the project.
Williams is focused on close, 
proactive partnership with community 
members and groups. As we 
develop new infrastructure projects, 
a major priority for the company is 
facilitating a two-way dialogue and 
ensuring that community members’ 
questions and concerns are voiced, 
heard, discussed and addressed.
Williams is proud of our community 
engagement efforts to date and 
consider our work in this area 
“best-in-class.” But we are  
also committed to continuous 
improvement. Environmental  
justice laws, regulations and other 
government policies at the state  
and federal levels are evolving 
quickly. Williams is currently 
reviewing our past performance  
and revising our environmental 
justice processes based on 
feedback from community partners 
and other internal and external 
stakeholders. We anticipate that  
our approach to environmental 
justice will continue to evolve in 
response to what we learn from  
the communities where we operate, 
as well as requirements in new 
government policies.
We ultimately aim to make sure that: 
 »  We have the right processes  
and tools in place to enable and 
empower community members  
in raising their questions and 
concerns on Williams’ projects. 
 »  We respond quickly and make 
adjustments as needed based  
on the input we gather from 
environmental justice communities. 
 »  We take a comprehensive  
and thoughtful approach to 
engaging environmental justice 
communities during project 
planning, construction and after  
a project is placed into service. 
 »  We communicate company-wide 
on our approach to environmental 
justice and its importance. 
Beginning in 2021, project certificate 
application filings with the FERC  
will include environmental justice 
considerations, which, during  
the permitting process, will help 
Williams better evaluate the  
potential impacts of our operations 
on disadvantaged communities.
Supply Chain Specialist Julia F. on Williams’ Day of Caring in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

91
Strengthening Communities
Williams is committed to 
strengthening the communities 
where we operate by listening  
to the needs of our neighbors and 
supporting these needs through 
strategic initiatives that make a 
difference. We focus our community 
giving on initiatives that help 
energize employees, strengthen 
communities and enhance business 
execution. In 2020, we contributed 
nearly $11 million to more than  
2,200 organizations through  
our community giving channels, 
including cash contributions, in-kind 
donations and matching programs. 
Despite challenging business 
conditions, Williams increased 
charitable contributions from  
2019 to 2020 to provide additional  
support to communities affected  
by the pandemic. 
The Williams 
Foundation 
The Williams Foundation, established 
in 1974, helps guide our approach  
to community giving and bridges  
the gap between shareholder 
interests and community needs.  
The Foundation board collaborates 
with executive leaders and our 
corporate social responsibility team 
to develop and approve budgets  
for supporting specific charitable 
programs. The Williams Foundation 
bylaws and charitable contributions 
standards outline our giving  
process and safeguard the  
integrity of our contributions. 
Over the past 10 years, Williams  
has contributed nearly $100 million  
to support science, technology, 
engineering and math (STEM) 
education; workforce readiness efforts; 
park and land conservation programs; 
first responder and disaster relief 
efforts and other initiatives that make 
communities stronger.
The COVID-19 pandemic affected 
the lives and livelihoods of many  
in the communities where Williams 
operates. In 2020, the Williams 
Foundation contributed over 
$990,000 in grants to provide 
community support, with a primary 
focus on emergency response,  
food insecurity, health and human 
services and K-12 distance learning 
solutions for public schools.  
The Foundation also matched 
contributions from Williams’ 
employees to amplify their efforts.
In addition to financial contributions 
to support COVID-19 efforts, Williams 
donated nearly $10,000 worth of 
personal protective equipment to 
health care workers, provided nearly 
$30,650 worth of restaurant gift  
cards to Tulsa health care workers  
at several hospitals and contributed 
hand sanitizer to organizations in 
Utah and Oklahoma. We also 
purchased two 3D printers for an 
employee in Danville, Pennsylvania, 
to print 850 face shields for a  
local hospital; the printers were  
later donated to local schools.
For additional information about  
the Foundation’s investments and 
achievements, please see our 2020 
Community Investments Report. 
Community Investment
Sequoyah Elementary School on Williams’ Day of Caring in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
92
Corporate Giving 
We support several charitable  
giving methods aimed at making  
a difference in local communities. 
Investments focus on health and 
human services; education; arts, 
culture and humanities; safety; 
environmental quality, protection  
and beautification; and civic 
betterment. In 2020, Williams added 
an external application process to the 
company website, making it easier  
for eligible nonprofit organizations  
to apply for quarterly grants.  
Williams’ operating area leaders and 
program area committees help 
identify community investments that 
best support the specific needs of 
each community. In 2020, Tulsa 
celebrated its 30th year in a row 
raising more than $1 million for the 
Tulsa Area United Way. Williams 
supported 164 United Way 
organizations in total. 
In 2020, Williams engaged a  
third-party provider to survey  
1,500 community members across  
22 states where Williams operates  
to better understand the giving 
priorities of our local communities. 
We would like to extend our deepest appreciation to Williams 
Companies for your generous support of our mission and efforts 
in 2020. We can’t thank you enough for rising to the occasion 
through creativity, significant support from your leadership  
team and establishment of an atmosphere that combined fun 
with purpose to deliver meaningful increases in donations.  
The year-over-year growth in support during very challenging 
times and circumstances truly makes Williams Companies a 
leader amongst leaders. 
CHRIS PRESTON, VICE PRESIDENT OF CORPORATE RELATIONS AT UNITED WAY WORLDWIDE
2020 Community Giving  
by Program Areas
23.64% health 
and human 
services
20.92%  
United Way
18.49% 
environmental 
quality, protection 
and beautification
The results of the study indicate the 
top priorities for charitable giving are 
STEM education, parks and land 
conservation efforts, first responder 
support and health and human 
services organizations. Williams 
plans to use the information gathered 
through these surveys to help inform 
our community investment decisions. 
Below, we provide examples of 
charitable giving aligned with these  
key priorities.
Land Conservation
In 2020, Williams partnered with  
the Arbor Day Foundation (ADF)  
on two tree planting projects, part  
of ADF’s initiative to plant more  
than 25 million trees worldwide in 
2020. Our donation enabled ADF  
to plant 26,000 trees in Virginia  
and 9,290 trees in New Jersey in 
2020. The two projects will create 
longlasting environmental benefits 
over the next 40 years, including 
sequestering 60,655 metric tons of 
carbon dioxide, eliminating 341 tons 
of air pollution and intercepting 556 
million gallons of rainfall to prevent 
harmful storm water runoff. 
16.49% education
5.91% arts, 
culture and 
humanities
6.48% civic 
betterment
6.02% safety
2.05% other

93
Strengthening Communities
Additionally, Williams supports Trout 
in the Classroom, an environmental 
education program that teaches 
students how to raise trout from 
eggs. Through this process, students 
must also monitor tank water quality 
and engage in stream habitat study, 
enabling them to learn about water 
resources. At the end of the 
program, students release the trout 
in a state-approved stream near the 
school or within a nearby watershed. 
Throughout the year, each teacher 
tailors the program to best fit the 
individual curricular needs. 
Health & Human Services
The Williams Route 66 Marathon 
brings thousands of people together 
in Tulsa, Oklahoma, from across the 
world. The Charity Challenge allows 
runners to participate in the Williams 
Route 66 Marathon without paying 
race registration, but instead by 
raising money for charities that  
the race benefits. Over the years, 
hundreds of Williams employees 
have participated and run in one  
or more of the races. Due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic, participants 
submitted their personal race results 
through an online platform as part of 
the marathon’s “virtual run” in 2020. 
Additionally, with the help of Williams’ 
funding, the Oglebay Good Zoo in 
Wheeling, West Virginia, is caring  
for two female red wolves that could 
potentially be bred in coming years 
and then released into the wild  
as part of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife 
Service’s Red Wolf Recovery 
Program. Red wolves are the second 
most endangered animal in the 
United States. They once roamed 
through the eastern states, but today 
only nine remain in the wild. The  
red wolves at Oglebay are among 
only 250 managed in captivity.
Education
We support STEM education 
programs to prepare students for 
jobs that will be increasingly critical  
to solving societal challenges. For 
example, in 2020, Williams began 
supporting OpenSciEd, a program 
designed to give teachers the 
materials, support and power to get 
kids excited and curious about the 
world around them and confident in 
their ability to figure it out through 
questioning, investigating and solving 
problems. The high cost of quality 
science materials often prevents 
districts from adopting the best 
curricula; additionally, those who 
invest in good programs may do it at 
the expense of adequate professional 
learning that helps teachers make 
necessary instructional shifts.
Being freely available, OpenSciEd 
creates an environment where 
districts need not make this 
compromise. Since its launch in 
2019, over 21,000 educators from  
all 50 states have registered with 
OpenSciEd to access their materials. 
While the program is still in the 
development phase, organizers 
maintain close contact with their 250 
field test teachers and 5,000 field test 
students in 100 districts in 10 states. 
Proceeds from the event benefit 
Kicks for Kids. Kicks for Kids is  
the Williams Route 66 Marathon’s 
own charity, with the mission of 
encouraging the health and wellness 
of disadvantaged Tulsa youth. Kicks 
for Kids pairs Williams Route 66 
Marathon race directors with local 
elementary schools to help kids 
complete their first 5k during the 
Williams Route 66 Marathon race 
weekend. A local running store runs 
a training program for participants to 
help them achieve this goal. Williams 
Route 66 covers the registration  
fee for every student participant.  
In addition to race swag, each kid 
receives the mentorship of a Williams 
Route 66 Marathon race director.
In 2019, Kicks for Kids launched  
a new program to outfit student 
participants with a free pair of 
running shoes through partnerships 
with local businesses and donations 
from fundraising runners; through 
this program we provided 175 
students with new shoes to run the 
race. In 2020, due to the pandemic 
and school closures, Kicks for Kids 
instead supported 24 families during 
the holidays, providing groceries,  
gift cards, clothing and toys.
Senior Vice President and General Counsel Lane W. 
at our virtual Route 66 Marathon in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
94
Employee 
Volunteering
Williams believes in giving both time 
and resources generously to make  
a difference in our communities. We 
support volunteer efforts by granting 
employees time off to volunteer with 
charitable organizations. Across  
the country, our employees serve  
on nonprofit boards and as mentors, 
coaches, committee members and 
volunteer firefighters. Employees are 
proactive in helping their communities 
and each other in times of need.
Active involvement in the 
communities where our employees 
live and work is at the heart of 
Williams’ company culture. In 2020, 
Williams employees volunteered 
18,263 hours with charitable 
organizations, representing  
$521,226 in value based on a  
$28.54 value per volunteer hour  
in 2020. Even though the total 
number of hours decreased from 
2019 levels due to limited volunteer 
opportunities related to pandemic 
restrictions, our employees  
remained as committed as ever to 
engaging with their communities.  
To help employees maximize their 
contributions to local communities, 
we fund employee-driven charitable 
giving programs, including our 
homegrown giving and matching 
gifts programs. Our homegrown 
giving program enables employees 
to support the unique needs of  
their local communities through 
grants designed to support eligible, 
nonprofit organizations. Williams’ 
matching gifts program annually 
matches contributions to eligible 
organizations up to $10,000 per 
employee or board member and  
up to $5,000 per retiree.
Through volunteer activities, Williams 
employees help conserve important 
natural resources in our own 
backyard. For example, in 2020, 
Williams employees in Wyoming 
volunteered with the Wyoming  
Game and Fish Department and  
the WYldlife Fund to plant 1,500 
sagebrush seedlings that will  
help support local wildlife such  
as sage-grouse and pronghorn 
antelope. The goal is to reestablish 
the natural sagebrush, which  
is a critical part of the ecosystem.
The project is part of a larger  
effort to restore land originally 
cleared for a well pad that is  
now being decommissioned. 
Our volunteers also support Williams’ 
objectives to promote increased 
education in the communities  
where we operate. For example,  
in early 2020, Williams employees 
volunteered for JA in a Day, a  
Junior Achievement program that 
connects volunteers to classrooms  
at a school for a full day of financial 
literacy activities.
Through these activities, we can  
help teach elementary students  
early on to be responsible for  
future finances. In 2020, Williams 
supported Junior Achievement 
programs in New York, New Jersey,  
Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Texas and 
Washington, as well as the national 
organization, JA USA. This support 
has expanded in 2021 to include 
Ohio, West Virginia and Wyoming.
Engineer James O. at Williams’ Day of Caring in Tulsa, Oklahoma.

95
Strengthening Communities
Williams understands the  
importance of investing time to 
understand different cultures, 
traditions and beliefs, including  
those of Indigenous Peoples.  
We respect the tribal sovereignty  
of the federally recognized Native 
American tribes in the United States. 
Our goal is to build trust through 
open communication and regular 
dialogue with the 143 Native 
American tribes living near  
our operations.
As a company with interstate 
pipelines regulated by the FERC, we 
adhere to Section 106 of the National 
Historic Preservation Act. The Act 
requires consultation on all activities 
that may affect property of cultural or 
religious significance to tribes. As 
part of Section 106, tribes must have 
a reasonable opportunity to identify 
concerns about affected properties 
and to advise Williams on the 
identification and evaluation of these 
properties. Williams’ public outreach 
and environmental permitting teams 
have primary responsibilities for tribal 
outreach efforts.
Our Human Rights Policy and 
Statement outlines our commitment 
to respect human rights and avoid 
complicity in human rights abuses. 
The statement includes respecting 
the rights of Indigenous Peoples.  
In 2020, Williams had no incidents  
of violations involving the rights of 
Indigenous Peoples.
Developing relationships of trust with 
Native American tribes has never 
been more important for our nation’s 
energy industry, particularly for those 
sectors in which Williams operates. 
We use an internal guide to provide 
best practices and recommended 
processes for successfully engaging 
this key stakeholder group.
We complement the guide with land 
and permitting guidelines tailored to 
specific tribes. For example, we have 
established required guidelines for 
Williams employees working on lands 
managed by the Confederate Tribes 
of the Umatilla Indian Reservation 
(CTUIR). The reservation is about 
172,000 acres in Umatilla and  
Union counties, Oregon. Williams’ 
Northwest Pipeline system  
traverses approximately 10 miles  
of CTUIR land.
We regularly identify opportunities  
to incorporate feedback from Native 
American tribes into our project 
planning. In 2020, we hosted 70 
phone interactions with the tribes  
to support open communication and 
seek mutually beneficial outcomes. 
Our communications with Native 
American tribes decreased from 
2019 because we have fewer  
new projects requiring significant 
tribal engagement. 
As part of our commitment to 
building positive relationships with 
Indigenous Peoples, we provide 
meaningful charitable contributions 
to tribal initiatives. For the second 
consecutive year, Williams 
sponsored the Native American 
Youth Summit and was the 
presenting sponsor of the Dance  
of the Two Moons event, benefiting 
the Indian Health Care Resource 
Center in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Each year, hundreds of youth and 
their families participate in the Youth 
Summit, designed to help strengthen 
Native American youth physically, 
mentally, socially and culturally. 
While the Youth Summit was held 
virtually in 2020 due to COVID-19 
concerns, hundreds of students 
tuned in for a full day of sessions. 
Williams also sponsored the  
American Indian Science and 
Engineering Society (AISES)  
annual conference in October  
2020. This virtual networking event 
was designed to increase the 
representation of Indigenous Peoples 
of North America in STEM studies 
and careers. Founded in 1977, 
AISES is a national nonprofit 
organization that promotes the 
highest standards of education  
and professional excellence to  
widen the STEM workforce. 
For more information on community 
giving at Williams, see page 91.
Indigenous Peoples

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
96
Williams collaborates with more  
than 100,000 landowners to operate 
our critical energy infrastructure 
systems that span 26 states. Williams 
would be unable to deliver the clean 
energy people rely on without these 
partnerships. As such, we work to 
maintain successful relationships 
with landowners who grant us the 
privilege of establishing permanent 
easements across private land.
We strive to build landowner 
relationships based on mutual  
trust. In all cases, we treat 
landowners fairly by providing  
them reasonable financial 
compensation, protecting and 
restoring their land and respectfully 
operating on their property. 
Williams directly and regularly 
engages with our landowner partners 
through email, phone calls, open 
houses and in-person meetings.  
We abide by the Interstate Natural 
Gas Association of America’s 
Commitment to Landowners, a set  
of recommended behaviors that 
member companies agree to follow 
when engaging landowners.
The commitments include building 
lasting relationships through mutual 
respect and trust, providing accurate 
and timely information, negotiating in 
good faith, responding to landowner 
concerns in a timely fashion and 
driving continuous improvement.  
We also adhere to applicable state 
regulations such as the Texas 
Landowner Bill of Rights.
For existing partnerships, we 
conduct an annual checkup of our 
assets on landowner properties  
to confirm that our infrastructure 
continues to operate safely and 
unobtrusively. We have ongoing 
communications with landowners to 
expeditiously resolve concerns and 
complaints. In 2020, we leveraged 
virtual communication tools such  
as virtual open houses to engage 
landowners in project outreach  
when safely conducting in-person 
meetings was not possible due  
to COVID-19. 
For proposed pipeline projects,  
we apply a standardized approach 
to engage potentially affected 
landowners early in the process.  
Landowner Relations
The establishment and fostering of landowner relationships  
are a keystone in the culture and values that we represent  
at Williams. Our teams focus on the safety and reliability of  
our systems while being responsible stewards of the land  
by supporting local landowners and their communities.  
As a reliable performer and partner in clean energy, our 
commitment is to remain authentic, honest, transparent  
and respectful within our communities where our families  
work and live. 
WENDY WHITFILL-EMBRY, MANAGER OF LAND AND REAL ESTATE AT WILLIAMS

97
Strengthening Communities
Our focus on early engagement 
enables us to explain the project, 
obtain permission to survey the land 
and conduct a formal negotiation 
process. Williams recognizes that 
landowners can have concerns 
related to our projects, including 
apprehension related to safety, 
property value and construction 
impacts. We encourage landowners 
to ask questions, voice concerns and 
communicate their preferences so 
we can create mutually beneficial 
solutions. For more information about 
how we provide accessible energy, 
and how Williams actively addresses 
concerns related to our operations, 
see page 20 and page 98.
Throughout the project planning 
process, Williams proactively 
circulates relevant project  
information to landowners, including 
company policies, frequently asked 
questions and steps for acquiring  
a right-of-way. For projects certified 
by the FERC, Williams is required to 
notify landowners up to half a mile 
from the proposed pipeline route.  
We distribute a brochure developed  
by the FERC that describes what  
to expect if a proposed project runs 
through a landowner’s property.  
In 2020, we distributed more than 
1,400 mailers to landowners for  
the FERC pre-filing process. 
We work to minimize the impact  
on communities by locating the 
pipeline along existing rights-of-way, 
roadways or other utility corridors. 
We aim to reach mutual agreements 
with all new landowners. Our 
corporate philosophy is to introduce 
eminent domain only as a last resort. 
We try to reroute when possible to 
avoid property owners who do not 
want to work with us. For projects 
certified by the FERC, we use a 
federal eminent domain process.  
As part of this process, Williams 
maintains a formal landowner 
complaint resolution procedure to 
identify concerns and determine  
an appropriate resolution in a timely 
manner. Since 2018, we have had 
zero condemnations, and we 
continue to have a goal of zero 
condemnations. Through a new 
strategy and hard work in developing 
landowner relationships, Williams 
was able to pay more to landowners 
while having fewer condemnations.
of new landowners in our easement negotiations 
have reached a mutual agreement with us, which 
is 30% better than the industry average.
93%
Right-of-way near Desoto Parish, Louisiana.

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
98
Noise Management 
Managing the noise from our 
operations is an important element of 
respecting the communities where we 
operate. Elevated sound levels can 
negatively affect human health and 
the environment, which is why we 
take responsibility for controlling noise 
from our operations and comply with 
federal, state and local regulations.
Effective sound control begins  
with the permitting and design  
of any noise-generating facility.  
We incorporate equipment and 
architectural acoustics to make  
sure we do not exceed the maximum 
decibel levels established by federal, 
state and local noise regulations.  
We use a variety of technologies  
to reduce sound levels, including 
exhaust silencers, low-speed fans 
and centrifugal compressor units.  
We complement technology 
measures with building and 
landscaping designs that use  
trees and noise walls for sound 
deflection and absorption. As our 
operations expand or the local 
landscape evolves, we adapt to 
make sure we remain in compliance 
with noise regulations. In doing so, 
we minimize impact to our neighbors 
and protect public health.
Downtown Fort Worth wellsite, Fort Worth, Texas.

99
Strengthening Communities
Williams worked with more than 4,245 
suppliers across the United States in 
2020 to procure the materials, goods 
and services needed to support our 
daily operations. We seek to develop 
relationships with suppliers that  
share our commitment to operational 
excellence and uphold our Core 
Values. In 2020, we successfully 
completed several key steps, such  
as publishing a Code of Conduct for 
Suppliers and Contractors and 
enhancing our supplier qualification 
process, which will serve as a 
foundation for further integrating 
sustainability into our procurement 
and supply chain management 
strategy moving forward. Our goal  
is to continue laying the groundwork 
for developing a more resilient, 
sustainable supplier base.
Supply Chain 
Management 
GRI 102-9
Our suppliers directly affect the 
financial success of our operations, 
influencing our ability to deliver value 
to our customers, investors and local 
communities alike. Williams uses a 
supplier relationship management 
process to segment suppliers into 
categories and direct Williams spend 
through a strategic supplier base 
defined by category strategies. 
Through this process, we can better 
assess the reliability and resilience of 
our suppliers and identify Tier 1 
suppliers with the highest spending, 
strategic value and potential risks. On 
average, Tier 1 suppliers represent 
the top 80% of total annual spend. 
In 2020, we published a Code  
of Conduct for Suppliers and 
Contractors that drives our 
commitment to be a good corporate 
citizen and comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations, including those 
regarding all who interact with us. 
The Code covers environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) 
standards including prohibition of 
discrimination, freedom of association 
and collective bargaining, and 
environmental management. We 
require all suppliers to acknowledge 
and comply with the Code in order to 
do business with Williams. Williams’ 
goal is full implementation of supplier 
acknowledgement by the end of 2021. 
Williams holds suppliers to high 
standards on both product quality 
and services, and routinely evaluates 
our Tier 1 suppliers to confirm 
compliance with company policies, 
performance expectations and 
regulatory requirements. Suppliers not 
meeting our expectations may be 
subject to contractual remedies, up to 
and including termination. In 2020, 
Williams incorporated questions as 
part of the overall audit program to 
also include an assessment of 
supplier performance on social and 
environmental topics. Williams also 
completed five on-site audits of Tier 1 
suppliers, despite COVID-19 impacts. 
Supply Chain 
Management  
& Responsible 
Procurement
GRI 102-10
Supplier Type Number of Suppliers Total Spending
Tier 1 309 $1,216,149,919
Tier 2 and Tier 3 3,936 $295,232,333
2020 Supplier Spending

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
100
Responsible 
Procurement
When surveying the market for 
potential suppliers, we only procure 
goods and services from qualified 
organizations that meet our safety, 
compliance and credit requirements. 
Williams is increasingly evaluating 
companies on ESG factors because 
we recognize the advantage of 
working with suppliers aligned  
with our sustainability priorities.
In 2020, we updated our 
procurement purchasing processes 
and sourcing strategies to allow  
for better oversight on spending  
with environmentally and socially 
conscious suppliers. For example, 
we started piloting the inclusion of 
ESG-based prerequisites as part  
of our supplier qualification 
assessment. We will continue to 
identify opportunities to standardize 
and embed ESG criteria into our 
procurement process. Our goal  
is to acquire services and goods 
based on transparent, objective  
and cost-effective decision-making 
and risk management.
In 2020, the Williams Supply  
Chain team enhanced the supplier 
qualification process by taking a 
deeper review of supplier practices 
and commitments on social and 
environmental topics. As part of this 
process enhancement, we require 
new suppliers or suppliers under 
re-evaluation to complete a self-
assessment questionnaire that 
includes questions on diversity, 
human rights policies and code  
of conduct for business partners. 
This approach allows Williams to 
conduct business with suppliers  
that align with Williams’ ESG 
expectations, as Williams continues 
to work with suppliers to help them  
improve and align with our evolving 
ESG expectations. 
Human Rights
Williams strives to respect human 
rights through our supply chain by 
collaborating with suppliers that  
share our Core Values relating  
to freely chosen employment,  
working hours, respect in the 
workplace, wages and benefits, and 
health and safety. We see supplier 
relationships as an opportunity to 
share best practices and promote 
continual learning and improvement 
with respect to human rights.
Our Human Rights Policy and 
Statement outlines our commitment  
to respect human rights and avoid 
complicity in human rights abuses. 
The statement includes our 
expectations related to workplace 
discrimination, diversity and inclusion, 
workplace conditions and freedom of 
association. Our commitment applies 
to everyone involved in Williams’ 
operations, including employees, 
officers, contractors, leased workers, 
suppliers, vendors and customers.  
In situations where Williams does  
not control operations, we will take 
reasonable steps to confirm that 
involved parties follow human rights 
best practices.
We recognize our responsibility to 
protect internationally recognized 
human rights within our own 
operations and avoid contributing to 
human rights infringements within our 
supply chain. Since 1992, Williams 
has offered the Action Line, a 24/7 
toll-free number that empowers 
employees and other stakeholders  
to report concerns including those 
related to human rights. Internal 
procedures are in place to 
confidentially handle all concerns 
submitted via the Williams Action 
Line. For more information on the 
Williams Action Line, see page 85.
Senior Operations Technician Pete S. near Grapevine Mills Mall well site in Fort Worth, Texas.

101
Strengthening Communities
We make efforts to hire local 
suppliers to promote economic 
development in our areas of 
operation. Our ability to hire locally 
depends on the availability of 
appropriately qualified individuals. 
For additional information on local 
economic development, see  
page 32. Additionally, we support 
suppliers from historically 
underrepresented groups including 
women and minorities. We are 
working to better understand the 
diversity of our existing supplier base 
by incorporating pertinent questions  
as part of our supplier onboarding 
process and annual recertification.  
In 2021, we will finalize implementation 
of an enterprise-wide resource 
planning system that will enhance 
our ability to execute through 
strategically identifying key areas to 
diversify our supply chain and 
collaborate with diverse suppliers.
As an example of diverse 
procurement, during the  
COVID-19 pandemic, the Williams 
Supply Chain team had to quickly 
pivot to procure supplies that  
would protect Williams employees 
and the continuity of operations.  
2020 was intense and full of uncertainty, but the grace,  
sensitivity and kindness that the Williams staff showed us during  
a global pandemic was unmatched. The amazing thing about  
our experience with the Williams staff is the electrifying sense  
of community and culture, and as a business owner, I constantly 
use Williams as the benchmark for business culture. Williams [is] 
an example of excellence and it was an honor to serve you. 
SHON SIMON, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AT SHON SIMON COMPANY
We used a crowd-sourcing 
mechanism by which employees 
submitted ideas for non-traditional 
suppliers. Through that process,  
a minority/woman owned business 
was identified that would not have 
been a traditional channel for 
Williams. With our responsible 
procurement commitment top of 
mind, Williams procured 25,000 
masks from this small business 
owner, who has since publicly 
recognized Williams’ commitment 
and impactful support.
Williams vendor for masks, Shon Simon and team, in Los Angeles, California.

Williams
102
2020 Sustainability Report
Contents
Company Overview
Providing Clean, 
Affordable & 
Reliable Energy
Minimizing  
Our Footprint
Protecting People  
& Strengthening 
Infrastructure
Building an 
Empowered 
Workforce
Strengthening 
Communities
About This Report
WE MAKE CLEAN ENERGY HAPPEN® 
About This Report
In 2021, we conducted independent third-party 
limited assurance for select 2020 greenhouse  
gas emissions, pipeline integrity and safety data. 
Internal audit also agreed metrics to supporting 
documentation and verified there was evidence  
of review.
Asseff Road right-of-way in 
DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.

103
About This Report

Williams
104
2020 Sustainability Report
Material Topic Description Boundary
Climate Change Managing the business, physical and transitional risks and opportunities 
of climate change in the short, medium and long term by developing 
climate change strategies, implementing relevant governance practices 
and establishing effective management oversight to promote resiliency. 
Contributing to a low-carbon economy by deploying and seeking to 
deploy new technologies and decarbonizing energy sources, including 
but not limited to renewable natural gas, green hydrogen and biofuel. 
Supporting the reduction of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions in 
Williams’ value chain, including emissions associated with consumer 
use of products and procurement of materials and services.
Internal: Williams 
Companies
External: Investors, 
communities,  
customers, consumers
Diversity  
and Inclusion
Promoting Diversity and Inclusion across Williams’ operations at all 
levels of the organization, including at the board of directors and 
management levels, through direct hiring practices and initiatives  
to develop a diverse talent pipeline. Providing equal opportunity  
in development and supporting diverse business resource groups.
Internal: Williams 
Companies, board  
of directors
External: Suppliers, 
customers
Employee 
Attraction, 
Retention and 
Development
Attracting and retaining employees by offering competitive 
compensation and benefits, developing a robust talent pipeline  
and promoting employee engagement through initiatives such  
as remote working policies and flexible work hours. Providing  
training, growth opportunities, including regular performance  
reviews, leadership development programs and employee  
resource groups. Strengthening Williams’ talent management  
strategy to maintain a best-in-class workforce.
Internal: Williams 
Companies
External: Prospective 
employees
Materiality Assessment
GRI 102-44; 102-46; 102-47; 102-49
In 2020, we engaged a leading sustainability consultancy to lead a materiality assessment to help Williams verify focus 
areas, reveal opportunity areas and prioritize sustainability topics that matter most to the company and our stakeholders. 
This process applied the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) stakeholder inclusiveness and materiality principles. 
After completing a benchmarking assessment to narrow the list of potential topics, we collected data from a variety of 
inputs, including interviews with senior leaders and board members; an employee survey; and interviews with external 
stakeholders such as customers, investors and community organizations. We supplemented our stakeholder engagement 
with analysis of numerous written sources to provide further evidence of the importance of each environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) topic.
The outcome of this assessment resulted in eight material topics under the pillars of ESG, further detailed in this report. 
While Williams and our stakeholders consider these topics most “material” according to the GRI definition of materiality,  
in this report we discuss a variety of additional topics that are also important to the company and our stakeholders.

105
About This Report
Material Topic Description Boundary
Energy 
Affordability  
and Access
Providing access to affordable energy, which can positively impact local 
economies and improve standards of living by providing a clean and 
reliable source of energy for heating and cooking.
Internal: Oil production, gas 
and liquids transportation; 
gathering, processing and 
treating; storage
External: Customers, 
consumers
Operational 
Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions
Reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions from 
Williams’ operations by enhancing operational efficiency, reducing 
energy use and increasing renewable energy use to power operations.
Internal: Williams 
Companies
Pipeline Safety Upholding the integrity of pipeline systems though effective controls and 
digital monitoring systems such as LiDAR, and aerial inspections to 
prevent potential incidents and maintain pipeline equipment. Preventing 
spills to water and soil, and releases from Williams’ operations through 
strong operating practices and compliance with applicable regulations. 
Implementing processes and procedures to effectively respond to a 
spill event, reporting instances of noncompliance and maintaining 
up-to-date spill prevention plans.
Internal: Production, gas 
and liquids transportation; 
gathering, processing and 
treating; storage
External: Communities
Public Policy Participating in development of sound local, state and federal energy 
policy through industry groups and direct engagement with relevant 
public officials.
Internal: Gas and liquids 
transportation; gathering, 
processing and treating; 
storage
External: Regulators, 
industry associations
Public 
Perception
Managing public perception and education around natural gas 
development in the United States to further support for the responsible 
use of fossil fuel across stakeholder groups.
Internal: Gas and liquids 
transportation; gathering, 
processing and treating; 
storage
External: Customers, 
consumers, regulators  
and communities
Workforce 
Health and 
Safety
Providing employees and contractors with health and safety education, 
job training and the tools needed to do their job safely. Prioritizing the 
design of safe operations and work practices while promoting a robust 
safety culture. Incorporating both physical and emotional safety. 
Utilizing management systems to maintain compliance with applicable 
regulations. Promoting workforce health through relevant programs and 
initiatives related to mental health and physical well-being.
Internal: Williams 
Companies 
External: Contractors

Williams
106
2020 Sustainability Report
This 2020 Sustainability Report covers Williams’ operations from January 1 through December 31, 2020, unless otherwise 
indicated. Williams develops an annual sustainability report using both qualitative descriptions and quantitative metrics  
to describe our policies, programs, practices and performance in ESG areas. The report reflects the most accurate 
information available at the time of publishing. In this report, Williams (which includes The Williams Companies, Inc.,  
and our subsidiaries) is at times referred to in the first person as “we,” “our” or “the company.”
In 2021, we conducted independent third-party limited assurance for select 2020 greenhouse gas emissions, pipeline 
integrity and safety data. See our ERM CVS Assurance Statement on page 124 for more information. Internal audit also 
agreed metrics to supporting documentation and verified there was evidence of review.
Williams referenced the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD), GRI Standards, and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to guide the 
development of our 2020 Sustainability Report. This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards:  
Core option.
At each stage in the report development process, we considered key reporting principles, including stakeholder 
inclusiveness, sustainability context, materiality and completeness. The report content reflects our most important 
sustainability topics as identified through our materiality assessment plus numerous other topics of interest to a  
broad range of our stakeholders. For more information or to offer comments and suggestions about this report,  
contact WilliamsContact@williams.com.
Report Details
GRI 102-50; 102-5; 102-52; 102-53; 102-54; 102-56
Staff Communications Specialist Nicole N. at DeSoto Parish right-of-way in DeSoto Parish, Louisiana.

107
About This Report
Performance Data Table 
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Environmental Metrics 
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions  
CO2e, million metric tons1, 2
13.3 12.27 10.74 11.13 10.43
 CO 2 (excluding emissions from  
 exported power and heat)
11.49 10.40 9.09 9.46 9.14
 Methane (CO2-equivalent) 1.81 1.86 1.64 1.66 1.29
 N 2O (CO2-equivalent) 0.0063 0.0051 0.0048 0.0048 0.0047
Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions  
CO2e, percent methane2 
14 15 15 15 12
Carbon emissions intensity, Scope 1  
CO2e/million USD revenue3 
1,769 1,524 1,232 1,363 1,351
ONE Future methane intensity,  
percent gathering and boosting4 
N/A N/A 0.042 0.032 0.027
ONE Future methane intensity,  
percent processing4
N/A N/A 0.020 0.017 0.018
ONE Future methane intensity, percent 
transmission and underground storage4
N/A N/A 0.031 0.032 0.022
Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions  
CO2e, million metric tons1, 5 
N/A N/A 1.15 1.55 1.50
Sum of Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas 
emissions CO2e, million metric tons1, 6 
N/A N/A 11.89 12.67 11.94
1 2020 Data Assured by ERM CVS.
2 Gross direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas emissions in millions of metric tons of CO2-equivalent. The consolidation approach is operational control and includes  
CO2, CH4, and N2O. Emissions are based on calendar years. Emissions from facilities that are applicable under the U.S. EPA Greenhouse Gas Reporting Program 
(GHGRP) are calculated using the GHGRP methodology. Emissions from facilities that are not applicable under GHGRP due to reporting thresholds are calculated 
referencing GHGRP and ONE Future protocols. Methane emissions from sources that aren’t applicable under the GHGRP are calculated using ONE Future protocol 
for 2018–2020 only. Data excludes emissions from offshore assets, corporate office buildings and company vehicles. Global Warming Potential rates are 25 for  
CH4 and 298 for N2O. No Williams facilities are covered by emissions limiting regulations. Williams does not produce biogenic emissions from its direct operations. 
Williams does not produce hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, sulfur hexafluoride or nitrogen trifluoride emissions. In 2020, we restated 2016–2019 Scope 1 
emissions data, which resulted in changes of less than 0.5%.
3 Gross direct (Scope 1) greenhouse gas emissions in metric tons of CO2-equivalent, divided by total revenue in million USD. Includes CO2, CH4 and N2O. Revenue is 
based off Total Revenues as reported in the 2020 10K Filing.
4 The methane emissions intensity is by Williams’ segment, and is calculated in accordance with the ONE Future methodology. Units are mass of methane emitted per 
mass of methane throughput. Intensity is based on company-specific methane throughput and is not adjusted to gross production. In 2020, we restated 2018–2019 
ONE Future methane intensity, percent gathering and boosting. This resulted in a small decrease in the numbers. 
5 Gross location-based energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas emissions in millions of metric tons of CO2-equivalent. The consolidation approach is operational 
control. 2020 emissions were calculated using U.S. EPA Power Profiler Emissions Tool 2019, using emission factors from U.S. EPA eGRID2019 multiplied by kWh 
energy use for all assets that Williams operates. 2019 emissions were calculated using eGRID2018, which was the tool available at the time of calculation and more 
representative of the emissions factors at the time. Emissions in 2018 were calculated using the eGRID2016, which was the tool available at time of calculation and 
more representative of the emissions factors at the time. Data is restated from 2016–2019 from the previous year’s report if corrections or methodology changes 
resulted in a change greater than 10,000 metric tons. Corporate building energy use is excluded. In 2020, we restated 2018–2019 Scope 2 emissions data to 
include sites that are under our operational control but were not previously included the in 2019 Sustainability Report.
6 In 2020 we restated 2018–2019 Sum of Scope 1 and 2 emissions data in line with the changes to Scope 1 and 2 data described above.

Williams
108
2020 Sustainability Report
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Energy use, billion kilowatt-hours7 N/A N/A 2.204 3.234 3.421
Percent of energy use from  
renewable power8 
N/A N/A 13.3 12.5 12.0
Gas flaring, thousands of metric tons9 N/A N/A N/A 130.60 134.47
Sulfur dioxide (SO2) emitted, tons10 695 671 488 425 421
Nitrogen oxides (NOX) emitted, tons9 29,408 30,696 29,697 32,196 30,191
Volatile organic compounds  
(VOCs) emitted, tons9
14,213 13,173 9,353 9,208 8,757
Persistent organic pollutants emitted, tons11 0 0 0 0 0
Hazardous air pollutants emitted, tons10 N/A N/A N/A 2,655 2,444
Particulate matter emitted, tons10 N/A N/A N/A 1,156 1,057
Sulfur dioxides emission intensity,  
kg/million USD revenue12 
84 76 51 47 49
Nitrogen oxides emission intensity,  
kg/million USD revenue11
3,558 3,467 3,102 3,561 3,548
Volatile organic compounds emission intensity,  
kg/million USD revenue11
1,719 1,488 977 1,019 1,029
Number of reportable spills and releases13 133 150 102 83 56
Volume of reportable spills to soil  
or water, thousands of barrels12
1.746 1.684 1.118 0.598 0.382
Number of reportable spills to soil or water12 54 89 53 54 36
Number of reportable  
hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl14 
14 14 9 8 4
Volume of reportable hydrocarbon  
spills > 1 bbl, thousands of barrels13
0.540 0.793 0.512 0.068 0.031
7 Figure represents Williams owned and operated assets, excludes corporate offices. Increased purchased power use from 2018 to 2019 is partly a result of the 
purchase of the Utica East Ohio Midstream plants, as well as new electric gas compression stations beginning operation. In 2020 we restated 2018–19 energy use 
data to include sites that are under our operational control but were not previously included in the 2019 Sustainability Report.
8 2020 percent of renewable power used was calculated using percent renewables factors from U.S. EPA eGRID2019 multiplied by kWh energy use for all assets in 
each subregion. The renewable energy usage in all regions was summed and divided by the total kWh energy use for all assets that Williams owns and operates  
to get a company-wide percent of renewable power. 2019 percent renewables was calculated using eGRID2018 to align with Scope 2 emissions methodology.  
2018 percent renewables was calculated using eGRID2016 to align with Scope 2 emissions methodology.
9 Data represents metric tons of waste gas routed to a flare.
10 Emissions are calculated according to permit requirements. If no annual emissions inventory or rolling 12-month emissions recordkeeping is required, the facilities’ 
permitted potential to emit was used in its place. Sulfur dioxide emissions data excludes nitrogen oxides. These emissions are from operations we own and operate 
and exclude office buildings, fleets and offshore assets. Williams does not report data aligned with IPIECA’s Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary 
Sustainability Reporting.
11 Emissions are calculated according to permit requirements. If no annual emissions inventory or rolling 12-month emissions recordkeeping is required, the facilities’ permitted 
potential to emit was used in its place. These emissions are from operations we own and operate and exclude office buildings, fleets and offshore assets. Particulate matter 
data represents the total of PM2.5 + PM10. Williams does not report data aligned with IPIECA’s Oil and Gas Industry Guidance on Voluntary Sustainability Reporting.
12 Emissions are calculated according to permit requirements, normalized by dollars of revenue. If no annual emissions inventory or rolling 12-month emissions 
recordkeeping is required, the facilities’ permitted potential to emit was used in its place. These emissions are from operations we own and operate and exclude 
office buildings, fleets and offshore assets. Revenue is based off Total Revenues as reported in the 2020 10K Filing.
13 Agency reportable is defined as requiring reporting to federal, state or local agency. In 2020, we restated 2016–2019 number of reportable spills and releases, 
volume of reportable spills to soil or water, and number of reportable spills to soil or water in this report. This was to include spills that had been reported to the 
appropriate agencies, but not included in internal reporting.
14 Spills include reportable spills only, greater than 1 barrel, containing hydrocarbons. Williams has no operations in the Arctic. In 2020, we restated 2017–2019 
numbers and volumes of reportable hydrocarbon spills, which resulted in decreases in our number and volume of reportable hydrocarbon spills.

109
About This Report
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl15 19 15 11 11 9
Volume of hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl,  
thousands of barrels14
0.539 0.839 0.595 0.075 0.058
Volume of hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl  
recovered, thousands of barrels14
0.040 0.232 0.290 0.061 0.050
Number of environmental-related  
notices of noncompliance
15 45 26 18 21
Spending on environmental  
penalties and fines, dollars
638,642 299,891 351,150 98,639 836,544
Environmental accrual for  
remediation, millions of dollars 16 
41.5 39.5 36.7 33.5 33.9
Number of active remediation  
sites managed by Williams
N/A N/A 75 110 106
Total terrestrial acreage disturbed, acres17 N/A N/A N/A 24,132 7,851
Total terrestrial acreage restored, acres18 N/A N/A N/A N/A 2,739
Percent of land owned, leased, or operated  
within areas of protected conservation  
status or endangered species habitat19 
N/A N/A N/A 51 54
Number of International Union for Conservation  
of Nature (IUCN) Red List Species in Williams' 
areas of operation 20 
N/A N/A 140 155 132
 Critically endangered N/A N/A 26 28 26
 Endangered N/A N/A 42 47 40
 Vulnerable N/A N/A 30 34 28
 Near threatened N/A N/A 12 16 17
 Least concern N/A N/A 30 30 16
Materials recycled at Tulsa headquarters, tons21 N/A N/A N/A 23 45
Metric ton-kilometers natural gas  
transported by pipeline, billions22 
N/A N/A N/A N/A 9,965
15 Spills include all spills greater than 1 barrel containing hydrocarbons that impacted the environment. Williams has no operations in the Arctic. Williams had no 
hydrocarbon spills greater than 1 bbl in Unusually Sensitive Areas in 2020.
16 Accrued liabilities related to environmental cleanup, remediation and monitoring activities.
17 Land disturbed total is calculated using total owned acreage for aboveground facilities. Rights-of-way are assumed to be restored according to federal, state and 
other agency requirements post-construction.
18 Land restored total is calculated using total project area acreage that is tracked by each permit specialist in the environmental permit tracking tool. Rights-of-way 
are assumed to be restored according to federal, state and other agency requirements post-construction.
19 Percentage includes aboveground facilities and pipeline right-of-ways that are assumed to be 50 ft wide. “Within” or “near” are defined as within 5 km of the 
boundary of an area that is protected conservation status or an endangered species habitat. GIS layers used include World Database on Protected Areas (WDPA), 
Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) Critical Habitats and FWS Natural Wildlife Boundary.
20 Data collected using the U.S. FWS’s Information for Planning and Consultation online tool.
21 Recycled materials includes paper, plastic and cardboard recycling collected at the One Williams Center headquarters.
22 Billion metric tons of natural gas throughput times miles of natural gas pipelines. Crude oil and refined petroleum products are excluded as they are de minimis. 
Pipeline transportation represents the predominant mode of transport and the vast majority of all products transporated by Williams.

Williams
110
2020 Sustainability Report
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Social Metrics 
Community investments, millions of dollars23 11.2 10.7 10.2 9.7 10.8
Total cash donations 11.0 10.3 10.0 9.6 10.7
Value of in-kind donations 0.24 0.40 0.17 0.12 0.10
Value of time contributed by  
employees, thousands of dollars24 
0.35 0.26 0.66 0.84 0.52
Incidents of violations involving  
the rights of Indigenous Peoples
N/A N/A 0 0 0
Lost-time incident rate (LTIR) per  
200,000 work hours—employees1, 25, 26
0.35 0.26 0.25 0.06 0.48 
Lost-time incident rate (LTIR) per  
200,000 work hours—contractors27, 28
N/A N/A N/A 0.09 0.11 
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)  
per 200,000 work hours—employees1, 25, 26
1.07 1.09 0.81 0.55 1.05 
Total recordable incident rate (TRIR)  
per 200,000 work hours—contractors27, 28
N/A N/A N/A 0.83 0.54
Number of contractor recordable accidents27 N/A N/A N/A 46 19 
Number of days away, restricted  
or transferred (DART)29, 26 
1,598 696 985 488 1,108
Rate of days away, restricted  
or transferred (DART)30, 26 
0.44 0.42 0.35 0.18 0.50
Number of high-consequence  
work-related injuries—employees25 
2 0 3 0 0 
Rate of high-consequence  
work-related injuries—employees25, 26
0.04 0 0.06 0 0 
Number of recordable  
work-related injuries—employees25
55 55 45 29 50 
Rate of recordable work-related  
injuries—employees25, 26
1.10 1.15 0.87 0.57 1.08
23 2018 community investment data restated in 2019 to include Atlantic Sunrise environmental stewardship grant payments.
24 Volunteer hours are calculated using a rate of $28.54 per hour.
25 Incidents include both injuries and illnesses. Company employees and non-employee hours and injuries/illnesses are included. Non-employee workers are supplied 
by a third party that are intended to supplement or temporarily replace existing workforce and are given direction directly from a Williams employee.
26 Data calculated based on 200,000 hours worked. Includes fatalities.
27 Contractors are employed by a third-party company that provides specific services to Williams pursuant to an agreement under which the third-party company 
retains the right to control the means and manner of achieving the contracted-for services.
28 Data calculated based on 200,000 hours worked. Excludes fatalities.
29 DART numbers listed include employee and non-employee days away, restricted and transferred.
30 DART rate includes employee and non-employee days away, restricted and transferred.

111
About This Report
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of high-consequence work-related 
injuries—non-employee workers 25
0 0 0 0 0 
Rate of high-consequence work-related  
injuries—non-employee workers25, 26
0 0 0 0 0 
Number of recordable work-related  
injuries—non-employee workers25
2 0 0 0 0 
Rate of recordable work-related  
injuries—non-employee workers25, 26
1.63 0 0 0 0 
Number of fatalities—employees1, 25 1 0 0 0 0 
Employee fatality rate per 1,000 employees1, 25 0.18 0 0 0 0 
Employee fatality rate per 200,000 work hours1, 25 0.02 0 0 0 0 
Number of fatalities—contractors27 0 1 0 0 1 
Non-employee worker fatality  
rate per 200,000 work hours25
0 0 0 0 0 
Number of fatalities—third-party31 0 0 0 0 0 
Number of fatalities—non-employee workers1, 25 0 0 0 0 0 
Number of hours worked—employees1, 25 10,024,823 9,538,142 10,307,130 10,243,612 9,254,759
Number of hours  
worked—non-employee workers25
244,690 339,831 327,882 306,112 231,468 
Preventable motor vehicle accident rate  
per 1,000,000 miles—employees25, 32 
2.32 2.34 1.90 2.27 1.83 
Number of Tier 1 process safety events33 N/A 57 29 16 13
Number of Department of Transportation 
reportable releases as a result of  
third-party damages
0 1 0 0 0 
Number of reportable pipeline incidents/accidents1, 34 4 15 4 10 9
  Percent of reportable pipeline  
incidents considered significant1, 35 
50 60 50 50 44
31 Third-party fatalities are those that are not employees, contractors or non-employee workers who have died on a company site or on a company facility or as a result 
of company operations.
32 A preventable incident is one in which the driver failed to do everything reasonable to avoid the incident and could include: backing, hitting a fixed object, 
rear-ending a vehicle, striking a pedestrian, misjudging available clearance not driving at a speed consistent with the existing conditions of the road, weather, traffic 
or sight distance. During 2019 there was a change in reporting systems that resulted in five PMVAs not being included. We have adjusted the 2019 rate accordingly.
33 Data based on American Petroleum Institute (API) Recommended Practice 754 guidance.
34 Natural Gas Incidents and Hazardous Liquid accidents (as defined in 49 Code of Federal Regulations (CFR) Part 191.3 and 49 CFR Part 195.50 respectively) must be 
reported to the National Response Center, followed later by subsequent incident/accident report forms to Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA).
35 The 2019 metric was updated to reflect an improved methodology used to collect this data for the 2020 report. PHMSA defines “Significant Incidents” as those 
including any of the following conditions: (1) Fatality or injury requiring in-patient hospitalization; (2) $50,000 or more in total costs, measured in 1984 dollars;  
(3) Highly volatile liquid releases of 5 barrels or more or other liquid releases of 50 barrels or more; and (4) Liquid releases resulting in an unintentional fire or 
explosion. In 2020, we restated 2019 data, which resulted in an increase in this metric.

Williams
112
2020 Sustainability Report
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Miles of natural gas and hazardous  
liquid pipelines inspected36 
 2,232.29  3,062.96  4,374.81  3,872.39  2,360.36 
  Percent of natural gas  
pipelines inspected1, 37 
15.4% 17.5% 28.4% 23.1% 13.2%
  Percent of hazardous liquid  
pipelines inspected1, 38 
0.3% 26.6% 13.3% 26.2% 22.2%
Number of pipeline assessments that required no remediation in High Consequence Areas39 
 Gas N/A 12 42 51 52
 Liquid N/A 8 7 11 7
Percentage of assessments validated with API 1163 reports40 
 Gas N/A 18 39 46 39
 Liquid N/A 55 58 63 71
Number of new-hire employees 215 578 583 389 279 
Voluntary turnover rate41 7.0 6.4 6.1 6.1 4.6 
Total number of temporary employees 0 0 0 0 0 
Percent of employees under collective  
bargaining agreements at year end
0 0 0 0 0 
Number of permanent employees at year end  5,670  5,460  5,337  4,793 4,729 
 Percent men 78 79 79 80 79 
 Percent women 22 21 21 20 21
 Percent ethnically diverse 16 16 15 15 15 
36 The pre-2020 data here has been modified based on data validation and an improved methodology for data collection. The changes represent increased 
assessment mileages and a more accurate depiction of the coverage of our Integrity Assessment activities. Our assessment mileages were elevated in the last few 
years due to our expanded use of crack detection assessment methods. The 2020 mileage sum is lower than previous years due to the fact that much of those 
crack detection baseline assessments are complete. The 2020 mileage represents our continued commitment to optimum assessment coverage. The assessment 
data for the Sustainability Report was pulled from the company’s Baseline Assessment Plan (BAP). The BAP fulfills an Integrity Management requirement of both  
49 CFR 192 and 195 and it is used to track Integrity Assessment(s). In 2020, we improved methodology of data collection resulting in an increase to previous years’ 
miles of pipelines inspected.
37 Natural gas pipeline is defined according to U.S. 49 CFR 192 as all parts of those physical facilities through which gas moves in transportation, including pipe, 
valves and other appurtenance attached to pipe, compressor units, metering stations, regulator stations, delivery stations, holders and fabricated assemblies.
 While PHMSA broadly defines natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines above, this metric specifically reflects the subset of pipelines that are included in the 
company’s Baseline Assessment Plan. This includes pipelines that are subject to Integrity Management regulations, in addition to other pipelines that the company 
has chosen to assess. The types of assessments performed include: Internal inspection tools capable of detecting corrosion, and any other threats to which a 
pipeline segment is susceptible; Pressure tests; Direct assessment to address threats of external corrosion, internal corrosion or stress corrosion cracking; Other 
technology that the company demonstrates can provide an equivalent understanding of the condition of the pipeline.
38 Hazardous liquid pipeline is defined per U.S. 49 CFR 195 as all parts of a pipeline facility through which a hazardous liquid or carbon dioxide moves in 
transportation, including, but not limited to, line pipe, valves and other appurtenances connected to line pipe, pumping units, fabricated assemblies associated  
with pumping units, metering and delivery stations and fabricated assemblies therein, and breakout tanks. 
 While PHMSA broadly defines natural gas and hazardous liquid pipelines above, this metric specifically reflects the subset of pipelines that are included in the 
company’s Baseline Assessment Plan. This includes pipelines that are subject to Integrity Management regulations, in addition to other pipelines that the company 
has chosen to assess. The types of assessments performed include: Internal inspection tools capable of detecting corrosion, and any other threats to which a 
pipeline segment is susceptible; Pressure tests; Direct assessment to address threats of external corrosion, internal corrosion or stress corrosion cracking; Other 
technology that the company demonstrates can provide an equivalent understanding of the condition of the pipeline.
39 High Consequence Areas (HCAs) are populated areas, navigable waterways or environmentally sensitive areas that are adjacent to a pipeline and are at risk of 
damage in the event of a pipeline incident/accident. PHMSA defines natural gas HCAs in 49 CFR Part §192.903 and hazardous liquid HCAs in 49 CFR Part §195.450.
40 For accuracy, the wording of this metric was changed from last year (“percentage of assessments that required no in-field evaluation”).
41 Data includes employees voluntarily terminating from Williams, excluding any impacts from non-recurring programs or offerings.

113
About This Report
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Percent of men in technical and support roles42 N/A 52 50 53 52 
Percent of men in professional and  
managerial roles43 
N/A 48 50 47 48 
Percent of women in technical and support roles44 N/A 35 31 29 27 
Percent of women in professional and  
managerial roles 45 
N/A 65 69 71 73 
Percent of ethnic diversity in technical  
and support roles46 
N/A 47 41 40 39 
Percent of ethnic diversity in professional  
and managerial roles47 
N/A 53 59 60 61 
  Percent of ethnic diversity in  
technical and support roles48 
N/A N/A 50 51 52
  Percent of ethnically diverse  
in managerial roles49 
N/A N/A 9 8 8
  Percent of ethnically diverse  
in senior management roles50 
N/A N/A 0 1 1
  Percent of management roles  
held by a diverse population51 
24 23 27 26 26 
  Percent of management roles  
held by women52 
N/A 15 16 16 18 
  Percent of management roles  
held by men
N/A 85 84 84 82 
42 Data represents the number of male employees that are in technical and support roles as a percentage of all male employees. Technical roles achieve results 
through individual and team-based contributions. They use operational and technical skills to support work done typically in a non-office setting, such as a pipeline 
station or processing facility. Support roles achieve results through individual and team-based contributions. They use technical and operations skills to support 
office-related or administrative work.
43 Data represents the number of male employees that are in professional and managerial roles as a percentage of all male employees; as noted in the content collection 
guide. Managerial roles primarily achieve results through others. These roles require skills in management and/or business knowledge. These roles are accountable  
for functional and/or program management and typically manage the work of two or more individuals. Professional roles primarily achieve results through individual 
contributions, internal consulting and project management. These roles typically require a relevant undergraduate degree and practical experience in a related field.
44 Data represents the number of female employees that are in technical and support roles as a percentage of all female employees. Technical roles achieve results 
through individual and team-based contributions. They use operational and technical skills to support work done typically in a non-office setting, such as a pipeline 
station or processing facility. Support roles achieve results through individual and team-based contributions. They use technical and operations skills to support 
office-related or administrative work.
45 Data represents the number of female employees that are in professional and managerial roles as a percentage of all female employees; as noted in content 
collection guide. Managerial roles primarily achieve results through others. These roles require skills in management and/or business knowledge. These roles  
are accountable for functional and/or program management and typically manage the work of two or more individuals. Professional roles primarily achieve  
results through individual contributions, internal consulting and project management. These roles typically require a relevant undergraduate degree and practical 
experience in a related field.
46 Data represents the number of ethnically diverse employees that are in technical and support roles as a percentage of all ethnically diverse employees. Technical 
roles achieve results through individual and team-based contributions. They use operational and technical skills to support work done typically in a non-office 
setting, such as a pipeline station or processing facility. Support roles achieve results through individual and team-based contributions. They use technical and 
operations skills to support office-related or administrative work.
47 Data represents the number of ethnically diverse employees that are in professional and managerial roles as a percentage of all ethnically diverse employees. 
Managerial roles primarily achieve results through others. These roles require skills in management and/or business knowledge. These roles are accountable for 
functional and/or program management and typically manage the work of two or more individuals. Professional roles primarily achieve results through individual 
contributions, internal consulting and project management. These roles typically require a relevant undergraduate degree and practical experience in a related field.
48 Data represents the number of ethnically diverse employees that are in professional roles as a percentage of all ethnically diverse employees.
49 Data represents the number of ethnically diverse employees that are in managerial roles as a percentage of all ethnically diverse employees. Senior management 
roles are excluded from the count of managerial roles.
50 Data represents the number of ethnically diverse employees that are in senior management roles as a percentage of all ethnically diverse employees.
51 Data calculated as percent of management roles held by women and ethnically diverse employees.
52 Data calculated as a percent of management roles held by women regardless of race and/or ethnicity.

Williams
114
2020 Sustainability Report
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Number of permanent employees by region53
 Atlantic-Gulf N/A 1375 1325 1229 1206
 Northeast N/A 1387 1548 1374 1445
 West N/A 1530 1295 1127 909
 Tulsa Headquarters N/A 1168 1169 1063 1169
Number of full-time employees by gender52
 Women N/A 1099 1107 979 958
 Men N/A 4,143 4,176 3,813 3747
Number of part-time employees by gender52
 Women N/A 35 30 26 22
 Men N/A 6 3 3 0
Percent of employees under 30 years old N/A 11 11 11 10 
Percent of employees  
between 30–50 years old
N/A 51 53 57 60 
Percent of employees over 50 years old N/A 38 36 32 30 
Corporate and technical training hours completed 
by employees, thousands
114 182 172 175 174 
Corporate and technical training  
hours completed per employee
20 33 32 37 37 
Corporate and technical training expenditures, 
millions of dollars
2.92 3.71 3.54 3.77 1.69 
Percent of employees who  
received a performance review54 
100 100 100 100 100 
53 Data compiled using HRIS system of record. No variations in employees by type and contract. Our workforce trends with the state of the business/market, not with 
seasons. Region data presented is based on primary work location. Due to the change in our human capital system of record, data prior to 2017 is not available. 
Williams does not employ temporary workers.
54 Data represents eligible employees. Ineligible employees include interns, employees on long-term disability leave and external new hires joining the organization on 
or after August 1 and thus deemed too new to assess.

115
About This Report
Metric 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
Governance Metrics 
Spending on taxes, millions of dollars55 216.9 260.9 261.2 263.8 266.0
Percent of votes for the company’s  
executive compensation program56 
93 97 97 97 77
Percent of employees that completed  
compliance and ethics training
100 100 100 100 100 
Number of inquiries received  
through ethics reporting channels
212 215 203 210 186 
Number of inquiries received through ethics reporting channels by Code of Business Conduct category
 Work environment 161 149 134 134 92 
 Health, safety and the environment 10 30 31 45 62 
 Conflicts of interest 20 18 19 10 15 
 Protecting company assets 21 18 19 21 17 
Number of inquiries received through ethics reporting channels by reporting channel57 
 Human resources 58 71 74 58 55 
 Action Line 72 55 51 32 15 
 Management 37 56 40 70 74 
 Business ethics resources center 18 13 5 6 4 
 Other reporting channels 27 20 33 44 38 
Percent of board members between 30–50 years old58 0 0 8 8 8
Percent of board members over 50 years old58 100 100 92 92 92
Female board members, percent58 17 18 25 25 25
Ethnically diverse board members, percent58 0 0 8 8 8
Percent of employees that completed 
cybersecurity training
N/A N/A 99.0 99.4 99.7
Monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with federal pipeline and storage 
regulations, dollars59 
39,700 53,500 0 1,944,700 209,002
Legal and regulatory fines and settlements 
associated with violations of bribery, corruption  
or anti-competitive standards, dollars
0 0 0 0 0
55 Includes Social Security, Medicare, state franchise, property, state, foreign, federal and state transaction taxes. Property taxes: ACMP property taxes only  
included in years after 2017. Only includes property taxes from Williams subsidiaries operated/managed by Williams. Federal transaction taxes: The Federal  
portion is primarily Federal Excise Tax and Federal PERC Fees. State transaction taxes: The State portion is primarily Sales/Use, OH CAT Tax, TX Utility Tax,  
NM Gas Processors Tax and WV Motor Fuel Tax.
56 Percentage is calculated based on votes reported in the applicable Form 8-K and is defined as votes “for” divided by the sum of votes “for” plus votes “against.” 
Percent for 2016 has been corrected to remove abstentions from the calculation, which increased substantially for that single year.
57 Other reporting channels include the Williams call center, social media and enterprise security.
58 Percentages are based on information as of December 31.
59 On January 23, 2020, PHMSA issued a Notice of Probable Violation (NOPV) and proposed civil penalty to Gulfstream, a subsidiary of Williams Partners, L.P.,  
related to its assets in Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida, following inspections in January, March, May, July and August 2019. The alleged violations include a 
failure to provide immediate notice of certain incidents (NRC report within 1 hour and revision or confirmation within 48 hours); failure to follow its manual of written 
procedures for a Gas Detection System Functional Test; and failure to initiate a program to recondition or phase out a segment of pipe determined to be in need  
of repair. PHMSA issued Warnings for three items and assessed the NOPV and penalty for a fourth item (program to correct pipe segment/continuing surveillance). 
Final order was issued April 6, 2020. The penalty amount was $209,002.

Williams
116
2020 Sustainability Report
Content Index
GRI 102-55
SASB Oil & Gas: Midstream Sustainability Accounting Standard
Material Topic SASB Disclosure Report Section or 
Direct Response
Page Omissions
Greenhouse Gas Emissions
Accounting Metric
Climate Change
EM-MD-110a.1: Gross global  
Scope 1 emissions, percentage 
methane, percentage covered  
under emissions-limiting regulations
Climate Change, 
Performance Data Table
24, 
107
Data excludes offshore 
assets, corporate  
office buildings and 
company vehicles.
EM-MD-110a.2: Discussion of long-term 
and short-term strategy or plan to 
manage Scope 1 emissions, emissions 
reduction targets and an analysis of 
performance against those targets
Climate Change, 
Performance Data Table
24, 
107
Air Quality
Accounting Metric
Air Emissions
EM-MD-120a.1: Air emissions of the 
following pollutants: NOX (excluding 
N2O), SOX, volatile organic compounds 
and particulate matter (PM10)
Air Emissions, 
Performance Data Table
44, 
107
Williams is unable to 
separately disclose its 
emissions of particulate 
matter 10 micrometers  
or less in diameter  
(PM10). Data represents 
total PM2.5 and PM10. 
Ecological Impacts
Accounting Metric
Biodiversity  
and Land Use
EM-MD-160a.1: Description of 
environmental management policies 
and practices for active operations
Biodiversity & Land Use 47 Williams does not disclose 
the degree to which our 
policies and practices are 
aligned with the International 
Finance Corporation’s 
Performance Standards  
on Environmental and  
Social Sustainability. 
EM-MD-160a.2: Percentage of land 
owned, leased, and/or operated within 
areas of protected conservation status 
or endangered species habitat
Biodiversity & Land Use, 
Performance Data Table
47, 
107
EM-MD-160a.3: Terrestrial acreage 
disturbed, percentage of impacted  
area restored
Biodiversity & Land Use, 
Performance Data Table
47, 
107

117
About This Report
Material Topic SASB Disclosure Report Section or 
Direct Response
Page Omissions
Biodiversity  
and Land Use
EM-MD-160a.4: Number and 
aggregate volume of hydrocarbon 
spills, volume in Arctic, volume in 
Unusually Sensitive Areas and  
volume recovered
Spill Performance, 
Performance Data Table
50, 
107
Competitive Behavior
Accounting Metric
Ethics and 
Integrity
EM-MD-520a.1: Total amount of 
monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with federal 
pipeline and storage regulations
Pipeline Safety, 
Performance Data Table
62, 
107
Operational Safety, Emergency Preparedness and Response
Accounting Metric
Safety
EM-MD-540a.1: Number of  
reportable pipeline incidents, 
percentage significant
Pipeline Safety, 
Performance Data Table
62, 
107
EM-MD-540a.2: Percentage of natural 
gas pipelines inspected and hazardous 
liquid pipelines inspected
Pipeline Safety, 
Performance Data Table
62, 
107
EM-MD-540a.3: Number of accident 
releases and nonaccident releases  
from rail transportation
Spill Performance 50
EM-MD-540a.4e: Discussion of 
management systems used to 
integrate a culture of safety  
and emergency preparedness 
throughout the value chain and 
throughout project lifecycles
Public Safety, 
Emergency Preparedness
66
Activity Metric
Activity Metric
EM-MD-000.A: Total metric  
ton-kilometers of: natural gas, crude  
oil and refined petroleum products 
transported, by mode of transport
Performance Data Table 107

Williams
118
2020 Sustainability Report
GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page
Organizational Profile
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
102-1: Name of the organization The Williams Companies, Inc. N/A
102-2: Activities, brands, products, and services About Williams 6
102-3: Location of headquarters Tulsa, Oklahoma N/A
102-4: Location of operations About Williams 6
102-5: Ownership and legal form Fortune 500 company, About Williams
See our 2020 Filing 10-K Annual Report PDF page 1 for 
additional information on ownership and legal form.
N/A
102-6: Markets served About Williams 6
102-7: Scale of the organization About Williams
See our 2020 Filing 10-K Annual Report PDF  
page 70 for information on net revenues and  
quantity of products provided in 2020.
6
102-8: Information on employees and other workers About Williams, Diversity & Inclusion 6, 74
102-9: Supply chain Supply Chain Management 99
102-10: Significant changes to the  
organization and its supply chain
There were no significant changes to Williams’ 
operations or our supply chain in 2020. 
N/A
102-11: Precautionary principle or approach Williams does not formally follow the precautionary 
principle. We assess environmental risks across  
our operations and have a comprehensive risk 
management plan in place through our Williams 
Integrity Management Plans.
N/A
102-12: External initiatives Williams aligns with the following voluntary initiatives: 
ONE Future Coalition (Member since 2019); U.S.  
EPA’s Natural Gas STAR (Member since 1993);  
API Environmental Partnership (Member since  
2020. For more information, see the Climate Change 
section of this report.
24
102-13: Membership of associations Public Policy 30
Strategy
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
102-14: Statement from senior decision-maker CEO Letter 4
Ethics and Integrity
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
102-16: Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior About Williams, Ethics & Compliance 6, 83
102-17: Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Ethics & Compliance, Reporting Concerns 83, 85
GRI Content Index: General Disclosures

119
About This Report
GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page
Governance
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
102-18: Governance structure Corporate Governance 13
102-20: Executive-level responsibility for  
economic, environmental, and social topics
Sustainability Oversight 16
102-23: Chair of the highest governance body Corporate Governance 13
102-24: Nominating and selecting  
the highest governance body
Board Selection Process 15
102-32: Highest governance body's  
role in sustainability reporting
Sustainability Oversight 16
Stakeholder Engagement
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
102-40: List of stakeholder groups Stakeholder Engagement 9
102-41: Collective bargaining agreements Employee Retention & Development, Union Labor 78, 82
102-42: Identifying stakeholders Stakeholder Engagement 9
102-43: Approach to stakeholder engagement Stakeholder Engagement 9
102-44: Key topics and concerns raised Materiality Assessment 104
Reporting Practices
GRI 102: General Disclosures 2016
102-45: Entities included in consolidated financial statements See our 2020 Filing 10-K Annual Report PDF page 9  
for a list of all entities included Williams’ consolidated 
financial statements.
N/A
102-46: Defining report content and topic Boundaries Materiality Assessment,  
About This Report
104, 
102
102-47: List of material topics Materiality Assessment 104
102-48: Restatements of information 2016–2019 greenhouse gas emissions data restated  
if corrections or methodology changes resulted in a 
change greater than 10,000 metric tons. 2016–2019 
executive compensation program data restated in 2020 
to correct calculations so that “abstentions” votes are 
no longer included, resulting in an overall increase in 
performance. 2017–2018 hydrocarbon spills > 1 bbl 
data has been restated to include produced water and 
brine spills, resulting in reduced number of spills and 
an overall reduction in volume of spills.
N/A
102-49: Changes in reporting Williams updated its Materiality assessment in 2020, 
resulting in a change of material topics.
N/A
102-50: Reporting period This 2020 Sustainability Report covers Williams’ 
operations from January 1, 2020, through December 
31, 2020, unless otherwise indicated.
N/A
102-51: Date of most recent report Williams’ 2019 Sustainability Report published on  
June 27, 2020.
N/A

Williams
120
2020 Sustainability Report
GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page
102-52: Reporting cycle Report Details 106
102-53: Contact point for questions regarding the report For more information or to offer comments  
and suggestions about this report, contact 
WilliamsContact@williams.com.
N/A
102-54: Claims of reporting in  
accordance with the GRI Standards
This report has been prepared in accordance  
with the GRI Standards: Core option. 
N/A
102-55: GRI Content Index Content Index 113
102-56: External assurance Assurance Statement 124
GRI Content Index: Topic-Specific Disclosures
Material Topic GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page
Diversity and Equal Opportunity
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Diversity and 
Inclusion
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Board of Directors; Diversity & Inclusion;  
Performance Data Table
14, 74, 
107
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Board of Directors; Diversity & Inclusion;  
Performance Data Table
14, 74, 
107
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Board of Directors; Diversity & Inclusion;  
Performance Data Table
14, 74, 
107
GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016
Diversity and 
Inclusion
405-1: Diversity of governance  
bodies and employees
Board of Directors; Diversity & Inclusion;  
Performance Data Table
14, 74, 
107
Economic Performance
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Climate Change 
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Climate Change 24
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Climate Change 24
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Climate Change 24
GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016
Climate Change 
201-2: Financial implications  
and other risks and opportunities  
due to climate change
Climate Change, Performance Data Table
For additional information on risks and opportunities of 
climate change, please see our 2020 CDP response
24, 
107

121
About This Report
Material Topic GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page
Emissions
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Operational 
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Air Emissions 44
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Air Emissions 44
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Air Emissions 44
GRI 305: Emissions 2016
Operational 
Greenhouse  
Gas Emissions
305-7: Nitrogen oxides (NOX),  
sulfur oxides (SOX), and other  
significant air emissions
Air Emissions,  
Performance Data Table
44, 
107
Employment
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Employee 
Attraction, 
Retention and 
Development 
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Employee Attraction, Employee  
Retention & Development
78
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Employee Attraction, Employee  
Retention & Development
78
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Employee Attraction, Employee  
Retention & Development
78
GRI 404: Training and Education 2016
Employee 
Attraction, 
Retention and 
Development 
404-3: Percentage of employees 
receiving regular performance  
and career development reviews
Employee Retention & Development 78
Occupational Health and Safety
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Workforce Health 
and Safety 
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Workforce Health & Safety 56
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Workforce Health & Safety 56
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Workforce Health & Safety 56

Williams
122
2020 Sustainability Report
Material Topic GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page
GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018
Workforce Health 
and Safety
403-1: Occupational health and  
safety management system
Workforce Health & Safety 56
403-2: Hazard identification, risk 
assessment, and incident investigation
Workforce Health & Safety 56
403-3: Occupational  
health services
Workforce Health & Safety
Information unavailable for 403-3: Williams  
is working to disclose this information in our  
2021 Sustainability Report.
N/A
403-4: Worker participation, 
consultation, and communication  
on occupational health and safety
Workforce Health & Safety
Information unavailable for 403-4: Williams  
is working to disclose this information in our  
2021 Sustainability Report.
N/A
403-5: Worker training on  
occupational health and safety
Employee Training & Initiatives 56
403-6: Promotion of worker health Employee Health 60
403-7: Prevention and mitigation of 
occupational health and safety impacts 
directly linked by business relationships
Personnel Safety; Employee Training & Initiatives 56
403-8: Workers covered by  
an occupational health and  
safety management system
Personnel Safety 56
403-9: Work-related injuries Personnel Safety, 
Performance Data Table
56, 
107
Public Policy
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Public Policy 
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Public Policy 30
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Public Policy 30
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Public Policy 30
GRI 415: Public Policy 2016
Public Policy 415-1: Political contributions Public Policy, Political Contributions 30, 32

123
About This Report
Material Topic GRI Disclosure Report Section or Direct Response Page
Energy Affordability and Access (Non-GRI Topic)
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Energy 
Affordability  
and Access
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Energy Access 21
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Energy Access 21
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Energy Access 21
Self-Selected Metric 
Energy 
Affordability  
and Access
Percent deliverability  
of transmission business
Energy Access 21
Pipeline Safety (Non-GRI Topic) 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Pipeline Safety
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Pipeline Safety 62
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Pipeline Safety 62
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Pipeline Safety 62
Self-Selected Metric
Pipeline Safety Number of reportable pipeline  
incidents, percentage significant
Pipeline Safety 
Performance Data Table
62, 
107
Public Perception (Non-GRI Topic) 
GRI 103: Management Approach 2016
Public Perception
103-1: Explanation of the material  
topic and its Boundary
Public Perception 29
103-2: The management approach  
and its components 
Public Perception 29
103-3: Evaluation of the  
management approach
Public Perception 29
Self-Selected Metric
Public Perception Support for Williams’ mission statement Public Perception 29

Williams
124
2020 Sustainability Report
Independent Assurance Statement 
to The Williams Companies, Inc.
GRI 102-56
ERM Certification and Verification Services (ERM CVS) was 
engaged by The Williams Companies Inc. (‘Williams’) to provide 
assurance in relation to the indicators set out below and presented 
in the 2020 Sustainability Report (‘the Report’) for the year ending 
December 31st, 2020.
Engagement Summary
Scope of Our Assurance Engagement
Whether the 2020 selected GHG and safety data are fairly 
presented, in all material respects, with the reporting criteria.
GHG Emissions
•  Total 2020 Scope 1 GHG Emissions (absolute) ‘facility-direct 
emissions’ (million metric tons CO2e) using an operational 
control boundary (million metric tons CO2e) (Excludes 
Corporate office buildings and company vehicles)
•  Total 2020 Scope 2 GHG emissions (location based)  
(million metric tons CO2e) (Excludes Corporate office buildings)
•  Total 2020 GHG emissions (Scope 1 & 2)  
(million metric tons CO2e)
Safety
•  Lost-time incident rate (per 200,000 work hours)—employees
•  Total recordable incident rate  
(per 200,000 work hours)—employees
•  Employee fatality rate (per 200,000 work hours)
•  Employee fatality rate (per 1,000 employees)
•  Number of hours worked—employees (hours)
• Fatalities—employees (number)
•  Fatalities—non-employee workers (number)
Pipeline Integrity
•  Reportable pipeline incidents in 2020 (number)
•  Pipeline incidents classified as significant (%)
• Natural gas liquid pipelines inspected (%)
• Hazardous liquid pipelines inspected (%)
Reporting Criteria
WBCSD/WRI Protocol for GHG emissions, EPA GHG  
Reporting Requirements, OSHA definitions for safety indicators  
(as appropriate based on selected scope), and Williams’  
internal reporting criteria and definitions (where relevant).
Assurance Standard
ERM CVS’ assurance methodology, based on the International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements ISAE 3000 (Revised).
Assurance Level
Limited assurance.
Respective Responsibilities
Williams is responsible for preparing the Report and for  
the collection and presentation of the information within it.  
ERM CVS’s responsibility is to provide conclusions on the  
agreed scope based on the assurance activities performed  
and exercising our professional judgement.
Our Conclusions
Based on our activities, as described below, nothing has come to 
our attention to indicate that the 2020 selected GHG, safety, and 
pipeline integrity data listed under ‘Scope’ above are not fairly 
presented, in all material respects, with the reporting criteria.
Our Assurance Activities
A multi-disciplinary team of sustainability and assurance specialists 
performed a range of assurance procedures which varied across 
the disclosures covered by our assurance engagement, as follows:
•  ‘Virtual’ interviews with management representatives 
responsible for the selected metrics;
•  ‘Virtual’ interviews with relevant EHS staff and other subject 
matter experts, including EHS business analysts and emission 
source Specialists for Gathering & Boosting and Transmission 
& Storage for greenhouse gas data, and pipeline integrity 
specialists, to understand and evaluate the relevant data 
collection and reporting processes, as well as internal  
review procedures used for the selected disclosures;
•  Walkthrough of the safety, emissions, and pipeline integrity 
data management systems with relevant personnel;
•  A review at corporate level of a sample of greenhouse gas 
calculation workbooks;
•  Virtual site visits with 2 specific locations (Transco Pipeline 
and Gulf Coast Basin) to evaluate consistency of reported 
annual data through interviews with site-specific contacts and 
a detailed review of evidence for the activity data underlying 
the calculations of the Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions;

125
About This Report
Forward-Looking Statements
This report of The Williams Companies, Inc. (Williams) may contain or incorporate reference statements that do not directly or exclusively 
relate to historical facts. Such statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 
1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements relate to 
anticipated financial performance, management’s plans and objectives for future operations, business prospects, outcome of regulatory 
proceedings, market conditions and other matters. We make these forward-looking statements in reliance on the safe harbor protections 
provided under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included 
herein that address activities, events or developments that we expect, believe or anticipate will exist or may occur in the future, are 
forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements can be identified by various forms of words such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “seeks,” “could,” “may,” 
“should,” “continues,” “estimates,” “expects,” “forecasts,” “intends,” “might,” “goals,” “objectives,” “targets,” “planned,” “potential,” 
“projects,” “scheduled,” “will,” “assumes,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “in-service date” or other similar expressions. These forward-looking 
statements are based on management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management. Certain 
important factors that could cause actual results to differ, possibly materially, from expectations or estimates reflected in such  
forward-looking statements can be found in the “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Statements” sections included in Williams’s  
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2020, and in Part II, Item 1A Risk Factors in our Quarterly Reports on 
Form 10-Q. Given the uncertainties and risk factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in any 
forward-looking statement, we caution investors not to unduly rely on our forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligations to,  
and do not intend to, update any particular forward-looking statement included in this report or announce publicly the result of any 
revisions to any of the forward-looking statements to reflect future events or developments.
ERM CVS is a member of the ERM Group. The work that ERM CVS 
conducts for clients is solely related to independent assurance 
activities and auditor training. Our processes are designed and 
implemented to ensure that the work we undertake with clients is 
free from bias and conflict of interest. ERM CVS and the staff that 
have undertaken work on this assurance engagement provide no 
consultancy related services to Williams in any respect.
•  A review of the calculations for restatement of 2019 Scope 2 
emissions data and consistency with the boundary applied  
to 2020 data;
•  Examination of safety incidents, Human Resources  
hours worked references and Williams’ safety reports;
•  An analytical review of the data and a check on the 
completeness and accuracy of the corporate data 
consolidation, including conversion factors and  
emission factors used;
•  Examination of pipeline safety incidents reported to 
Department of Transportation and classification of significant;
•  Examination of the Baseline Assessment Plan (BAP) and SQL 
downloads with miles inspected from the Pipeline Open Data 
Standard (PODS) database; and
•  Reviewing the presentation of information relevant to the 
scope of our work in the Report to ensure consistency  
with our findings.
The Limitations of  
Our Engagement
The reliability of the assured information is subject to inherent 
uncertainties, given the available methods for determining, 
calculating or estimating the underlying information. It is important 
to understand our assurance conclusions in this context.
Due to COVID travel restrictions, we planned our assurance 
engagement to include virtual site visits. While we believe this 
approach does not affect our limited assurance conclusion(s) 
above, we draw attention to the possibility that if we had 
undertaken in person visits we may have identified errors and 
omissions in the assured information that we did not discover 
through the alternative assurance program.
Beth Wyke, Partner, Global Head of Corporate Assurance Services 
7 July 2021 
ERM Certification and Verification Services, Inc. 
Website: www.ermcvs.com 
Email: post@ermcvs.com

Williams 2020 Sustainability Report
126
One Williams Center 
Tulsa, OK 74172
Phone (within Tulsa): 918-573-2000 
Phone (outside of Tulsa): 800-945-5426
williams.com