SUSTAINABILITY 
AT BANK OF AMERICA 
Published December 18, 2025

CAUTIONARY INFORMATION............................................................................................ 3 
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO................................................................................................. 4 
SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH ........................................................................................... 5 
Our Approach ..................................................................................................................... 6 
Supporting Our Clients ...................................................................................................... 10 
Operations and Supply Chain............................................................................................. 17 
External Engagement ......................................................................................................... 20 
RISK ......................................................................................................................................... 22 
Managing Climate Risk....................................................................................................... 23 
Physical and Transition Risks............................................................................................. 24 
Risk Measuring and Monitoring......................................................................................... 25 
Managing Environmental and Social Risk ......................................................................... 27 
GOVERNANCE ....................................................................................................................... 28 
Our Governance .................................................................................................................. 29 
Governance Oversight ........................................................................................................ 30 
METRICS AND TARGETS ............................................................................................................ 31 
Sustainable Finance.................................................................................................................... 32 
Financing Activity ....................................................................................................................... 33 
Environmental Operations and Supply Chain............................................................................ 37 
Supporting the Communities We Serve.................................................................................... 45 
INDEXES ......................................................................................................................................... 46 
Global Reporting Initiative Index ............................................................................................... 47 
Transition Plan Index .................................................................................................................. 54 
Alignment with Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures Framework................... 55 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms .............................................................................................. 56 
APPENDICES.................................................................................................................................. 58 
Environmental and Social Areas of Heightened Sensitivity .................................................... 59 
Sustainability Topics................................................................................................................... 61 
Disclaimers .................................................................................................................................. 62 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 2

CAUTIONARY INFORMATION AND FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS 
This document contains statements regarding Responsible Growth and statements and opinions related to sustainability 
including metrics, aspirations, targets, goals, commitments, efforts, programs, cumulative values and objectives related to 
environment, the communities served by Bank of America and human capital (all of the foregoing and any other similar 
content in this document being, collectively, the Sustainability Information). The Sustainability Information herein may 
consider disclosure recommendations and definitions of materiality used by certain voluntary external frameworks and 
reporting guidelines that are broader than or may differ from mandatory regulatory reporting, including the reporting 
requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Accordingly, any such Sustainability Information may 
be presented from a different perspective and in more detail than in Bank of America Corporation’s (the company) SEC 
and other regulatory reports, and materiality and any use of the term “material” in the context of the Sustainability 
Information may be distinct from such term as defined by courts or regulatory bodies in the U.S. or other jurisdictions, 
including for SEC reporting purposes. Any inclusion of Sustainability Information in this document is not an indication that 
the subject or information is material to our company for SEC reporting purposes or any other purposes, including any 
investment or voting decision with respect to company securities. Any references to “sustainability,” “green” “sustainable 
investing,” “sustainable finance,” or similar terms in this document are not intended to reflect any jurisdiction-specific 
regulatory definition, unless otherwise stated. Sustainability Information may be based on current or historic aspirations, 
goals, commitments, efforts, programs, estimates, assumptions, targets, standards, metrics, methodologies and internal 
control frameworks and currently available data, which continue to evolve and develop and any statements related thereto 
are not guarantees or promises any particular outcome will occur. The company and its affiliates may be engaged in 
certain business activities which could have increased investor, client, employee, regulatory scrutiny and/or scrutiny from 
other parties generally from a sustainability perspective. The Sustainability Information is as of the date referenced, 
subject to change without notice and may be regarded as for illustrative purposes only. 
Such Sustainability Information may also include the use of financial and nonfinancial metrics and/or other information 
that vary in source,
 quality, timeliness and completeness and are subject to significant measurement uncertainties and 
updates, which may include the methodology, collection and verification of complex data, estimates, judgments and 
assumptions and/or underlying data that is obtained from multiple third parties, often which we cannot independently 
verify. For additional information, see Financing Activity, Methodology and data considerations in the Metrics and Targets 
section. This document has not been externally audited: limited or reasonable assurance has been provided with respect to 
certain information as detailed in the Environmental Assurance Statements posted on bankofamerica.com. 
Additionally,
 certain statements contained in this document may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the 
meaning of the Private
 Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including sustainability-related statements regarding our 
aspirations, targets, goals, commitments, efforts or programs such as our goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) 
emissions before 2050 in our financing activities, operations and supply chain, interim 2030 GHG targets, including 
financed emissions targets and sustainable finance goal, which may evolve over time and may be the subject of proposed 
legislative and regulatory changes across jurisdictions, that may have a significant impact on our future measurement and 
reporting, as well as the results of the efforts and programs set forth in this document. We use words such as 
“anticipates,” “targets,” “expects,” “hopes,” “estimates,” “intends,” “plans,” “goals,” “believes,” “continue” and other similar 
expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “may,” “might,” “should,” “would” and “could” to identify forward-
looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts, but reflect management’s current 
expectations, plans or forecasts, are not guarantees of future results or performance, involve certain known and unknown 
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and often beyond our company’s control and are inherently 
uncertain. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. Actual outcomes and results may differ 
materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any of these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors, 
including global socio-demographic and economic trends, energy prices, technological innovations and advances, climate-
related conditions and weather events, legislative and regulatory changes, public policies, engagement with clients, 
suppliers, investors, government officials and other stakeholders, the quality and availability of third-party data, including 
data measured, tracked and provided by data providers, our clients and other stakeholders, our ability to gather and verify 
data, our ability to successfully implement sustainability-related initiatives under expected time frames, third-party 
expectations, policies and procedures and other unforeseen events or conditions. Discussion of additional factors, including 
uncertainties and risks, can be found in our company’s 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. 
Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and our company undertakes no obligation to update 
or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the date the 
forward-looking statement was made. Additionally, this document may contain statements based on hypothetical or 
severely adverse scenarios and assumptions, which may not occur or may differ significantly from actual events. These 
statements should not necessarily be viewed as being representative of current or actual risk or forecasts of expected risk.  
Website references and/or links throughout this document are provided for convenience only and the content on the 
referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document. Any third-party website references and/or links 
do not imply an affiliation, sponsorship, endorsement, etc. This document was published on December 18, 2025 and is 
provided by our company on behalf of itself and of its direct and indirect legal and operating subsidiaries and their branch 
operations worldwide, as applicable Sustainability Information contained herein is not particular to any legal entity, product, 
or service unless otherwise specified. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 3

MESSAGE FROM THE CEO 
At Bank of America, our purpose is to make financial lives better. To achieve that 
outcome, we ask our clients, communities, teammates and shareholders: what would 
you like the power to do? 
Their answers guide us on how and what we deliver across our eight lines of business 
(LOBs).
 We continue to help our clients and the communities we serve take advantage 
of the opportunities they have to grow and prosper, and help them manage the risks 
they face. We also play a key role in providing them with the capital and advice they 
need to achieve their goals, including those they set for sustainable development and 
growth. 
To help our clients achieve their objectives, in 2021, we set our own 10-year goal to 
mobilize
 and deploy $1.5 trillion of sustainable finance by 2030, with $1 trillion dedicated toward the environmental 
transition. In the four years since then, we have mobilized and deployed more than $741 billion in sustainable finance, of 
which approximately $404 billion aligns to the environmental transition. Our goal is helping us expand our support for 
many companies across all sectors, especially in clean energy, power and transportation – as well as help advance the 
preservation of nature and biodiversity. 
We also aspire to achieve net zero emissions across our financing activities, operations and supply chain before 2050. We 
continue 
to make progress here as well, including procuring 100% renewable energy for our operations and 33% 
sustainable aviation fuel for our travel. As we make clear in this report, there are many areas outside of our control – 
including government policies and regulation and shifting public attitudes toward this work – and our sustainable finance 
and decarbonization goals will be challenging to achieve. But our principal objective remains unchanged: to support our 
clients and communities and create opportunities for them to meet their goals. 
I am pleased to highlight an organization of private sector Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) that is helping companies find 
more 
ways to develop pathways toward outcomes we share. I have the honor of chairing the Sustainable Markets 
Initiative (SMI). His Majesty King Charles III launched the SMI in 2020 as a CEO-led, decade-long effort to create a forum 
for us to help deliver on the promise of a sustainable economy. The SMI convening power across sectors helps member 
CEOs solve problems and do business that individual companies might not see otherwise. 
The SMI has helped bring more private capital into public finance markets, including debt-for-nature transactions that 
allow
 countries to refinance and reallocate the savings to environmental and social (E&S) goals. Innovative financing tools 
like these play a vital role in mobilizing trillions in investment dollars for renewable energy, sustainable agriculture and 
climate-resilient infrastructure. 
At Bank of America, our work with private and public sector leaders, our relationships with clients across industries and 
countries,
 and our experience with our own operations gives us insights into how we can best provide the financial 
solutions our clients and communities need to achieve their own sustainability objectives. 
This report highlights the opportunities we see, and the risks we are helping our clients and others manage. It is one way 
that 
we deliver Responsible Growth, by helping to create opportunity, growth and prosperity, and to make possible a 
sustainable future for everyone. 
Brian Moynihan, Chair and CEO, 
Bank of America 
Bank of America is one of the world’s largest financial institutions, with a broad operational footprint and an integrated value chain that supports strategic objectives. As of September 30, 2025, we operated in over 35 countries and jurisdictions and 
employed approximately 213,300 individuals. We serve nearly 70 million U.S. consumer and small business clients through approximately 3,600 financial centers and approximately 15,000 automated teller machines (ATMs). We manage $4.6 trillion 
in client balances across our wealth management businesses and provide global market services to clients across debt, equity, commodities and foreign exchange markets. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 4

*Progress as of December 31, 2024
SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH 
IN THIS SECTION: 
Our Approach.....................................................................................................6 
Supporting our Clients..............................................................................10 
Operations and Supply Chain................................................................17 
External Engagement.................................................................................20 
Our goal to mobilize and deploy $1.5 trillion 
in sustainable finance capital by 2030 
$741 billio n
 in sustainable  finance  from  2021 to 2024* 
*Progress as
 of December  31, 2024 $404 
billion 
towards
 the 
environmental 
transition 
$337 
billion for 
community 
development 
"At Bank of America, we have 
driven strong results through 
our focus on Responsible 
Growth. Our work for clients, 
teammates and communities 
is something our shareholders 
can be proud of. We are 
client-focused in all we do 
to help deliver sustainable, 
organic growth and manage 
risk well. We also invest in 
opportunities to help improve 
lives and contribute to 
a more sustainable future." 
BRIAN T. MOYNIHAN 
Chair and CEO, 
Bank of America 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 5

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
OUR APPROACH 
At Bank of America, we are guided by Responsible Growth, which follows four tenets that allow us to focus on how best 
to serve our clients, employees and communities in which we live and work: 
1. Grow and win in the market, no excuses. 
2. Grow with a customer focus. 
3. Grow within our risk framework. 
4. Grow in a sustainable manner: driving operational excellence, making our company a great place to work and 
sharing
 our success. 
By driving Responsible Growth through our eight LOBs, we seek to create opportunity and growth for our clients and 
shareholders
 while empowering the communities in which we live and serve. Our climate and sustainability efforts are 
part of how we drive Responsible Growth and are rooted at the intersection of how we serve our clients, advance 
opportunity, cultivate environmental stewardship and share success with our communities. It is reflected in how we serve 
all of our stakeholders: our clients, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. 
Our clients are navigating rapid change in almost all aspects of their businesses: customer and societal expectations, 
workforce
 preparedness and demographics, the geopolitical landscape, technology advancement, demands for energy and 
natural resources and the physical environment in which they operate. Our company has a long track record of providing 
the advice, perspective and capital to help our clients – individuals, businesses and institutional investors – and our 
communities address these to grow and succeed. 
To further guide our work, we set a voluntary goal to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across our 
financing activities, operations and supply chain before 2050 (Net Zero Goal) and established interim 2030 targets to 
help us monitor near-term progress (see Our Net Zero Goals). Our focus is to support and enable clients seeking to 
minimize
 their own impact on the environment and provide financing for society’s ongoing transition to a more 
sustainable economy. To help us monitor our progress, in April 2021, we announced our sustainable finance goal to 
mobilize and deploy $1.5 trillion in sustainable finance by 2030 - $1 trillion toward environmental transition and the rest 
toward community development. We also seek to minimize our own impact on the environment by incorporating 
sustainability considerations into everyday business operations and supply chain decisions. 
We continue to strengthen our environmental approach by expanding efforts to address nature and biodiversity risks and 
opportunities.
 While nature and climate are closely intertwined, our clients and communities are working to both address 
climate challenges and effectively manage the natural and biodiverse resources on which we all rely. 
We help build sustainable and resilient communities by deploying and mobilizing capital through our LOBs. As a financial 
institution,
 our community focus includes access to products and services, both in person and online. Central to our role, 
we seek opportunities to finance and develop sustainable communities through lending, investing, facilitating capital and 
providing advisory services. Outside traditional banking services, we encourage employee volunteering, offer local grant 
funding investments and access to financial counseling and education. 
The transition to clean, affordable and secure energy is already under way - advancing innovation, job creation and 
economic
 growth for communities. By investing in the strength and resilience of the communities in which we operate, 
we help make our business sustainable and improve people’s lives today and into the future. 
A note on our approach 
Throughout this report we provide descriptions and details about our sustainability-related goals, objectives and targets. It 
is important to also note that we know we do not control many of the factors that will determine the pace and progress of 
sustainability - by governments, economies and markets. Given the evolving external environment, including shifting 
government priorities and attitudes toward this work, diverging reporting regimes across the jurisdictions in which we 
operate, undetermined economics of nascent technological innovations, shifting consumer demand and other 
uncertainties, we acknowledge that our own goals will be difficult to achieve. We will continue to focus on opportunities to 
support our clients in every sector and wherever we serve them, to help our clients meet their own sustainability objectives 
in their own best interests. Our independently established targets and goals and the disclosures provided throughout this 
report represent our aspiration and best judgment at the time of target-setting as to what could be achieved. Most 
importantly, they represent the many opportunities we have to do more business with more clients and to help them as 
they manage the risks and opportunities associated with the evolving environment and reach their own sustainability-
related goals. The targets and objectives we describe throughout this report are intended to capture sustainability-related 
opportunities by supporting and enabling our clients – not to restrict financing and capital formation to individual clients or 
key sectors of the economy. 
Bank of America makes independent business decisions that drive Responsible Growth through our eight lines of business. 
Bank
 of America provides financial services to individuals and businesses engaged in lawful activities across all 
geographies and sectors where the Bank operates without consideration of race, nationality, ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, 
gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, or political viewpoint or affiliation. Business decisions are 
based on client-specific, transaction-specific and jurisdiction-specific factors which allow us to deliver for our clients and 
shareholders while empowering the communities in which we live and serve. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 6

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
OUR SUSTAINABLE FINANCE GOAL 
Our progress 
In the first four years (see below, right) since announcing our $1.5 trillion in sustainable finance by 2030 goal, we have 
mobilized and deployed more than $741 billion in sustainable finance (as of December 31, 2024) across sectors and 
geographies: 
• $404 billion aligned to environmental transition including solutions in energy efficiency, renewable energy, 
sustainable transportation, resource efficiency, sustainable water and agriculture, improved forestry and pollution 
control measures.
• $337 billion aligned to community development including projects tied to affordable housing, health care, education, 
financial and digital inclusion and economic development.
Figure
 1 
Sustainable Finance Goal 
$1 trillion Environmental Transition 
Renewable 
 Energy Or Other 
Low-Carbon 
Technology 
Energy 
Effic
iency 
Sustainable 
Foo
d, Agriculture 
and Forestry 
Clean 
Tr
ansportation 
Water and 
San
itation 
Recycling, Carbon 
Ca
pture and 
Sequestration 
$500 billion - Community Development 
Affordable 
Housing 
Health Care Education Financial 
Inc
lusion 
Digital 
Inc
lusion 
Economic 
Dev
elopment 
Figure 1 
Sustainable finance eligibility criteria 
Sustainable finance is the mobilization and deployment of capital to finance the transition to a more sustainable, inclusive 
economy. To confirm the integrity of our 10-year Sustainable Finance goal, we worked with a third-party sustainability 
advisory firm to create an internal taxonomy that aligns with the 17 U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)- see 
Figure 1. This taxonomy provides a structured framework for determining company-wide activities aligned with 
designated SDGs, drawing upon established external market standards. Utilizing that taxonomy, our company includes 
primary market activities consisting of lending, investing, capital markets and advisory as part of our goal. In addition, 
understanding that the taxonomy and associated products continue to evolve, our company has instituted a process for 
governing it and the associated accounting methodologies that is managed through the Global Sustainable Finance Data 
Taxonomy Governance Council, a sub-council of the Responsible Growth Council (RGC). 
As there is growing client and stakeholder interest in expanding into nature-positive1 activities, we have 
enhanced the taxonomy to incorporate insights from the latest market developments, such as adoption 
of the International Finance Corporation (IFC) Biodiversity Finance Guidelines by several Multilateral 
Development Banks (MDBs) and publication by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) of 
guidance to support issuance of blue bonds. 
In scope products and services include, but are not limited to, primary-market activities within the following categories: 
sovereign, municipal, corporate, institutional, Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and consumer 
lending, debt and equity capital markets, mergers and acquisitions advisory, asset-based debt financing and tax incentive-
related investments and distribution, sustainable funds and CDFI investments. Secondary market trading and derivatives 
are not included. 
2021 
$250 billion 
2022 
$410 billion 
2023 
$560 billion 
2024 
$741 billion 
2030 
Sustainable Finance 
Goal: $1.5 trillion 
1 Our use of this term is intended to align with that proposed by the Nature Positive Initiative and includes both activities that invest in nature (i.e., "nature-first" outcomes) as well as those that invest for nature (i.e., resulting in better outcomes for nature compared with the status quo). 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 7

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
OUR NET ZERO GOALS 
The role of our operations 
For more than two decades, we have measured and reported our company’s environmental impacts, establishing our first 
Scopes 1 and 2 GHG reduction goals in 2005. Our disclosure journey continued through the expansion of our reporting in 
2010, when we began disclosing significant categories of Scope 3 GHG emissions. We have set and achieved three 
generations of operational goals, and our fourth generation of goals was established in 2021 (see below). These goals 
were developed to help manage and reduce costs and environmental impacts of our activities. 
The role of our supply chain 
As part of our long-standing focus on transparency and accountability since 2016, we have maintained public goals to 
address supply chain emissions, focused on supplier engagement. See below for these supply chain goals and the Metrics 
and
 Targets section for corresponding performance data. We do not discriminate against any supplier based on race, 
nationality,
 ethnicity, religion, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status or political 
viewpoint or affiliation. 
The role of our financing activity 
One of the ways we measure and monitor progress on supporting client and sector transition is through our 2030 
Financing Activity targets. We have set 2030 targets (aligned with our Net Zero Goal) for seven sectors - auto 
manufacturing, aviation, cement, energy, power generation, iron and steel and maritime shipping - that track emissions 
intensity of clients in these sectors. These sectors are prioritized due to their role in the clean energy transition and 
importance to our lending portfolio. The targets below are not intended to restrict financing to individual clients or key 
sectors of the economy. Previous disclosures detail our approach to target setting, including the relevant decarbonization 
pathways, key sectoral considerations and the metrics and data used, all of which we build upon in this report. 
For calculations on data for the 2024 timeframe, we included project finance (including tax equity) in our metrics and 
targets
 to better reflect the breadth of our financing activities. We currently do not plan to set targets for other sectors 
for a variety of reasons, including immaterial exposure, lack of established climate scenarios and methodologies and data 
quality challenges.2 Moving forward, we will continue to assess financing inclusions and scoping decisions related to this 
work and improve data quality across our portfolio. 
Operations 
• Maintain carbon neutrality (Scopes 1 and 2) and purchase 100% 
zero carbon electricity. 
• Reduce GHG emissions by 75% by 2030 (Scopes 1 and 2, location-
based) from 2010 baseline. 
• Reduce energy use by 55% from 2010 baseline. 
• Reduce potable water use by 55% from 2010 baseline. 
• Achieve LEED® certification (or comparable) for 40% of building 
space. 
• Responsibly manage waste to reduce amount sent to landfill. 
• Divert 75% of construction and demolition (C&D) waste from 
landfill. 
• Dispose 100% of electronic waste using certified responsible 
suppliers. 
Supply chain 
• Encourage 70% of global suppliers, by spend, 
to set GHG emissions reduction or renewable 
energy targets. 
• Assess 90% of global suppliers, by spend, for 
risks as outlined by our Supplier Expectations. 
• Purchase 100% of paper from certified 
sources. 
• Utilize sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) for at 
least 20% of the company’s total annual 
corporate and commercial jet fuel usage, 
equivalent to 100% of corporate jet fuel and a 
significant percentage of fuel associated with 
employee travel on commercial airlines. 
Financing activity 
Auto manufacturing 
• Reduce intensity by 48% by 2030 (gCO2e/km Scopes 1, 
2 and 3 end use) from 2019 baseline. 
Aviation 
• Reduce intensity by 37% by 2030 (gCO2e/RTK Scope 1) 
from 2021 baseline. 
Cement 
• Reduce intensity by 32% by 2030 (tCO2e/tCP Scopes 1 
and 2) from 2021 baseline. 
Energy 
• Reduce intensity by 45% by 2030 (gCO2e/MJ Scopes 1 
and 2) from 2019 baseline. 
• Reduce intensity by 29% by 2030 (gCO2/MJ Scope 3 
end use) from 2019 baseline. 
Iron and steel 
• Reduce intensity 27% by 2030 (tCO2e/t Scopes1 
and 2) from 2021 baseline. 
Maritime shipping 
• Keep intensity in alignment or below the 
decarbonization trajectory derived from the 
Poseidon Principles. 
Power generation 
• Reduce intensity by 40% by 2030 (kgCO2/MWh 
Scope 1) from 2022 baseline. 
2 We do not have exposure to thermal coal mining. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 8

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
OUR APPROACH TO NATURE AND BIODIVERSITY 
One aspect of our environmental work centers around nature and the importance of biodiversity. Nature 
and biodiversity encompass the natural environment and the variety of life within it — land, water, 
species, ecosystems — that sustain resources essential for economic activity. From our client 
engagement, we know that all sectors rely upon healthy ecosystems to sustain their productivity. Climate-
related shifts and commercial activity can affect biodiversity and the natural systems that support 
economic activity, creating potential long-term risks for human well-being and economic resilience3. 
Our aspiration is to tackle nature and biodiversity loss through the four objectives of our nature approach and help our 
clients
 who are looking for support with sustainable business practices. These are 1) deploying and mobilizing capital for 
nature-related opportunities; 2) integrating nature-related risks into risk management approach; 3) incorporating nature 
considerations into our existing disclosures, and; 4) partnering with leading business networks and academic 
organizations to help develop a broadly accepted approach to climate and nature. In 2024, we continued as a member of 
the 40-person Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD) and participated in discussions at the 
Biodiversity COP16 meeting in Colombia related to helping our corporate clients improve the long-term resilience of their 
business strategies given the emergence of new nature-focused risks and opportunities. 
We see increased opportunities to work with our clients to help deploy capital in new nature-positive areas aligned with 
our
 goal to mobilize and deploy $1.5 trillion in sustainable finance by 2030. One way we are supporting our clients in this 
area is through increased issuance of thematic and structured bonds that focus on efforts to prevent deforestation, 
support rapidly growing opportunities in the blue economy and help countries restructure their debt while investing in 
nature. These are all areas of increased interest to our institutional investor clients4. 
To help locate our interactions with nature and identify new opportunities, we have onboarded the Exploring Natural 
Capital
 Opportunities, Risks and Exposure (ENCORE) model as part of our approach to environmental risk management. 
This has helped us do an initial screening of sector-specific nature-related risks, impacts and dependencies. We have 
supplemented insights from ENCORE with additional public information to prioritize engagement with clients and focus 
our efforts on the areas of highest potential risk and opportunity. 
Supporting forests 
Our company continues to evolve its approach for engaging with clients on risks and opportunities linked to the forestry 
sector. We are supporting several sovereign governments in their efforts to restructure and reduce their national debt 
while investing in efforts to reduce tropical deforestation and conserve the world’s remaining high integrity forests, a 
crucial source of the world’s remaining biodiversity and key contributor to regulating the earth’s climate. We are also 
supporting clients with financing as they improve their own approaches to managing high-risk forestry commodities, such 
as palm oil, soy, timber and cattle. Companies recognize that there are potential market premiums to be derived from 
shifting to fully traceable supply-chains and obtaining third-party sustainability certifications for their efforts. In addition, 
the company initiated financial support for the Wildlife Conservation Society’s High Integrity Forests (HIFOR) initiative in 
2024. HIFOR provides long-term financing to forest stewards to incentivize climate regulation and biodiversity 
conservation. It supports the preservation of high-integrity tropical forests in Brazil and the Republic of Congo, including 
Jau National Park—a critical biodiversity hotspot threatened by illegal deforestation, resource extraction and insufficient 
conservation funding. HIFOR exemplifies a landscape-level approach to conservation and the financing of carbon 
removals beyond our company’s value chain. 
Ecuador debt-for-nature swap 
Bank of America led a $1 billion debt conversion transaction to refinance approximately $1.53 billion of sovereign debt 
for the Republic of Ecuador, the first of its kind in the Amazon region, which is expected to unlock approximately $400 
million in new cash funding plus an estimated $60 million in endowment returns for terrestrial and freshwater 
conservation over the next 17 years. The funds will support the Amazon Biocorridor Program, a management model 
for effectively conserving the Ecuadorian Amazon region. As of December 2024, this transaction represented the 
largest amount raised for conservation in any debt conversion. 
3 Resilience can be defined as the ability to successfully adapt to stressors (e.g., natural disasters, affordable housing /job shortages, etc.);, maintaining well-being in the face of adversity. 
4 See the Sustainable Finance criteria above in Our Sustainable Finance Goal. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 9

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
SUPPORTING OUR CLIENTS 
To help our clients achieve the opportunities before them, our company delivers financing, expertise and strategic 
advisory services on major technological and thematic macroeconomic shifts affecting our clients. We have experienced 
sustainability resources across our eight LOBs who provide advice, products and services customized for the needs of 
clients. Details and examples of this can be found on the following pages. 
The starting point for delivering customized and innovative products is to understand our clients’ varied needs. Our clients 
face
 a range of factors that influence and affect their sustainability strategies, goals and progress (Figure 2). We help 
support and enable our clients in their sustainability efforts via: 
• Customized and holistic support: we engage clients to understand where they are in their transition and the role they 
play in their respective value chain to support capital and funding needs against strategic priorities. 
• Recognition of the value of investments: we help clients understand how climate-related investments may impact 
investor and stakeholder perspectives. 
• Anticipation of market reactions: we provide insights into how markets may react to various elements of client 
transition plans and how it could impact their cost of capital. 
• Market insights and guidance: we help clients understand how companies, industries and geographies are leveraging 
financing opportunities and preparing for potential impacts. 
Bank of America engages every client on an individual basis and makes decisions based on client-specific, transaction-
specific
 and jurisdiction-specific factors guided by applicable company policies and standards. 
Research and insights: BofA Global Research and Bank of America Institute 
Reliable data and information help us support clients as they navigate a changing world and macro considerations that 
affect their sustainability goals. With approximately 700 analysts located in 20 countries, BofA Global Research provides 
independent, anticipatory research to clients across our company. Our Global Research division delivers in-depth research 
and analysis of investment themes, including sustainability across asset classes and regions. Global Research produces a 
suite of proprietary research reports, including thematic report publications that explore five themes that are driving a 
transforming world: people, innovation, markets, government and earth and their related sub-themes. 
Bank of America Institute provides original perspectives on the economy, sustainability and global transformation to help 
businesses,
 nonprofit organizations, communities, policymakers, regulators, teammates and other key stakeholders make 
more informed decisions. These insights are derived by leveraging proprietary data, including from the company’s nearly 
69 million consumer and small business clients, $1.24 trillion consumer and wealth management deposits, $4.3 trillion 
total payments and 58 million verified digital users (all data as of December 31, 2024)5. The Institute delivers near real-
time information and analysis to help various stakeholders refine strategies and strengthen positioning in a rapidly 
changing global economy. 
5 See the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for more details on this data. 
Figure 2 
Macro 
Considerations 
relevant to 
Sustainability 
Shareholder 
and investor 
preferences 
Economics 
for 
innovative 
technologies 
Policy risks 
and 
opportunities 
Supply chain 
logistics 
Evolving 
workforce 
and 
consumer 
dynamics 
Evolving 
perspectives 
/attitudes 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 10

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
OUR COMPANY-WIDE SUSTAINABILITY EXPERTISE 
Multiple teams across the company provide expertise to help support clients as they incorporate climate, environmental and social (CE&S) risks and opportunities into their strategic plans. These groups, outlined below, report progress to senior 
management through routines such as the RGC and Management Risk Committee (MRC). 
Internal functional and working groups 
Global Environmental Group (GEG) 
The GEG develops and executes company strategies related to environmental impacts in our business, operations and 
value chain in support of Responsible Growth. It advises LOBs and support functions by providing subject matter 
expertise and guidance on current and emerging environmental and community opportunities and risks and supporting 
clients as they integrate sustainability strategies and goals throughout ordinary business activity. 
Global Community Opportunity 
The Global Community Opportunity team guides key programs and investments for our company that are made to better 
the communities in which we work and serve. This includes functions such as philanthropic giving, volunteerism, CDFIs 
and corporate affairs. Global Community Opportunity works across regions outside the U.S. to integrate sustainable 
strategies into all aspects of our business and to support communities in the more than 35 countries and jurisdictions we 
serve. 
Global Climate and Environmental Risk Group (GCER) 
The GCER Group is a second-line function within Global Risk Management (GRM) responsible for overseeing climate risk 
management in line with our Risk Framework, including establishing our Climate Risk Framework and governance 
structure, providing independent assessment and challenge of company-wide climate risks, providing input on risk 
appetite, delivering a view on climate risk metrics and managing the climate compliance and operational risk program. 
Corporate Sustainability Controller (CSC) 
The CSC team, part of the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) organization, supports global sustainability-related regulatory and 
voluntary reporting with a focus on managing our company's related internal control and governance processes, including 
data quality, metric development and disclosure production. 
Cross-LOB Rapidly Emerging Sustainability Topics (CREST) working group 
Our company has established a new CREST Working Group with the objective to provide a cross-bank, senior-level 
working group to help enable faster, more systemic socialization and prioritization of rapidly emerging sustainability 
topics. CREST defines rapidly emerging sustainability topics as those seeing increased momentum and action from our 
clients, investors, regulators, policymakers, ratings agencies, or other actors. Examples of topics that have been discussed 
at CREST include: biodiversity and natural capital, water security, supply-chain traceability, persistent pollutants, such as 
PFAS6 chemicals and plastics, ocean health and the blue economy and emerging technologies in the energy transition. 
6 Per-and poly fluoroalkyl substances. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 11

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
OUR EIGHT LINES OF BUSINESS 
By delivering across our LOBs, we provide a unique advantage to each client: the powerful expertise of one team, working together to deliver on our purpose to help make financial lives better through our focus on Responsible Growth. 
Consumer Banking 
Retail Banking 
Serves mass market consumers with a full range of 
financial products
 and services through award-
winning digital banking capabilities, backed by the 
expertise of our team. 
Preferred Banking 
Provides personalized solutions, valuable rewards 
and advice
 and guidance for clients with more 
complex banking, borrowing and investing needs 
through a nationwide financial center network and 
award-winning digital capabilities. 
Global Wealth and Investment Management 
Merrill 
Serves high-net-worth and ultra-high-net-worth 
individuals, businesses,
 institutions and 
organizations. Anchored in financial planning, our 
personal advisor relationships allow us to help 
individual investors and their families plan for 
and achieve their unique financial goals by 
investing and providing access to banking and 
lending services. 
Private Bank 
Serves ultra-high-net-worth clients with investable 
assets of
 more than $3 million. Client teams deliver 
customized wealth management solutions through 
specialized expertise in wealth strategy, trust and 
estate planning, investment management, banking, 
specialty lending and philanthropy. 
Global Banking 
Business Banking 
Serves approximately 3.4 million businesses with 
annual revenues
 up to $50 million, delivering 
advisory and banking solutions, including credit, 
deposits and treasury, merchant services, trade and 
foreign exchange through local expertise and digital 
leadership 
Global Commercial Banking 
Serves middle-market companies with revenues of 
$50 million
 to $2 billion across all major industries 
—delivering the full capabilities of our company, 
including treasury, lending, leasing, advisory, debt 
and equity underwriting and digital solutions. 
Global Corporate and Investment Banking 
Provides investment banking advisory, underwriting 
and distribution
 services to companies of all sizes 
around the world and across all major industries, 
offering financing, deposit and other treasury 
services globally to corporations with revenues of 
more than $2 billion in the U.S. and more than $1 
billion internationally. 
Global Markets 
Provides services across the world’s debt, equity, 
commodity and
 foreign exchange markets. This 
includes liquidity, hedging strategies, industry-
leading insights, analytics and competitive pricing 
to clients consisting of asset managers, hedge 
funds, pensions and insurance, corporates, 
governments and other financial institutions. 
Consumer Banking 
Our Retail and Preferred Banking businesses serve 68.7 million consumers and small businesses whose demands and needs, 
including those related to sustainability, are dynamic and evolving. We use the diversified capabilities of our company to offer 
products and services to meet those demands, including: 
• Digital and paperless products and services — our investment in award-winning digital capabilities provides a 
personalized experience that supports clients on their financial journey. 
• A physical footprint that allows us to meet our clients where they are and provides access according to how they 
want to bank with us. 
• 80% post-consumer recycled plastic cards. 
• Loans and leases for hybrid and all-electric vehicles (EVs), bundling home charging station financing with auto loans. 
• Sustainable and Impact Investing strategies through Merrill Edge® Self-Directed and Merrill Guided Investing and 
Merrill Guided Investing with Advisor. 
Our
 clients are at various stages in their financial journey, and we help them find the right solution whether that’s getting 
their first
 bank account or buying their first home. For example, as one of the largest affordable housing investors and 
lenders in the U.S., our company is working to meet a $15 billion Community Homeownership Commitment set in 2021 
(which started as $5 billion in 2019). This initiative offers down-payment grants, fixed-rate loans and closing cost 
assistance. As of December 31, 2024, these programs have invested $13.3 billion in affordable housing and other 
projects. See the Metrics and Targets section for more information. 
Our Community Banking program connects with households that may lack access to banking services in our company’s 
footprint. It
 provides financial education and awareness on the benefits of banking and helps people find financial 
independence. This is accomplished in several ways: 
• Protection from overdraft fees. 
• Advantage SafeBalance accounts with no monthly maintenance fees for account holders under the age of 25. 
• Free credit counseling (including in-person and virtual coaching; e.g., Operation Hope for financial wellbeing 
coaching; and Navicore Solutions for debt reduction, budgeting, mortgage readiness and small business guidance). 
• A Secured Credit Card to help establish or rebuild credit. 
• Webinars, workshops and Better Money Habits, a free online financial education resource in English and Spanish. 
In addition to individual consumers, we support small businesses that create jobs and anchor our communities. Our 
specialists get
 to know small business owners to help them meet their current and future needs. We continue to invest in 
the strength of the communities we serve, through our Access to Capital Connector which gives entrepreneurs and small 
business owners access to potential funding sources; and support organizations for capital, coaching, support and key 
resources. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 12

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Global Wealth and Investment Management (GWIM) 
Clients continue to demonstrate an interest in aligning their investment strategy with sustainable themes, such as energy 
security, resource efficiency and access to healthcare or education. Clients also ask for visibility, transparency, data and 
reporting outcomes of these sustainable investment strategies. As clients evolve with shifting interests (and as relevant 
themes emerge), we continue to support them in every step. To help clients achieve their goals, we focus on: 
• Fulfilling clients’ requests for more information on sustainable investing to help close the “aspirational gap” between 
client interest and current levels of adoption. 
• Aligning client interests with available investment products (e.g., access to health care, clean water and resilient 
infrastructure) spanning various approaches across asset classes and investment vehicles (e.g., pooled investment 
vehicles, separately managed accounts and alternative investments). 
• Providing guidance and implementation to advisors and client-supporting personnel, including an annual forum. 
• Maintaining an industry-leading Sustainable Investing platform. 
Adoption of sustainable investing has grown over time. Articulated client interest in GWIM client balances identified as 
sustainable
 increased from $25.1 billion in 2019 to more than $58 billion in 2024, with positive net flows over the same 
six-year period. 
Global Banking 
We have established teams within our Global Banking franchise to focus on delivering expertise and investor insights into 
sustainability. Our trained client teams incorporate this topic in regular interactions with their clients to help them 
capitalize on opportunities and manage risks. Global Banking also partners with other LOBs to deliver holistic client 
solutions, industry-specific materials and thought leadership. 
Business Banking (BB) 
Business Banking is designed to deliver a seamless client experience that meets the needs of businesses as they grow 
and adapt to ever-changing market conditions. Our company helps clients access capital and insights, whether they are 
focused on lowering their electricity costs, preparing for climate related risks or supporting the financial health of 
employees. As part of our holistic support, the Business Banking Sustainability Team collaborates with LOB partners and 
subject-matter experts across the company to equip client-facing teammates with resources, innovative digital tools and 
banking solutions to help clients manage day-to-day operations and achieve their objectives, including those related to 
sustainability. 
In addition, our annual surveys of business owners help our clients and stakeholders understand the perspectives, 
aspirations
 and outlook of business owners across the U.S. The reports are publicly available on the Bank of America 
Center for Business Empowerment, which is designed to help business owners access insights and resources as they 
explore and deepen their understanding of sustainability, among many other topics. 
Global Commercial Banking (GCB) 
Continuing to keep the client at the center of everything we do, GCB’s teams engage partners across our company to 
offer integrated solutions that fit clients’ diverse needs. As part of that engagement, the Global Commercial Banking 
Sustainability Group delivers sustainability-related expertise and insights to aid clients in building operational resiliency, 
business continuity and preparedness. 
Our GCB teams work with clients for a deeper understanding of their unique needs and collaborate to provide them with 
bespoke
 advice and solutions at the right time. This includes clients who are looking to finance resource-efficient and 
resilient solutions that are now in commercial use such as green building certifications (LEED®, Energy Star), energy-
saving upgrades, renewable energy (solar and wind), EV fleets and charging stations, as well as sustainable agriculture 
and forest conservation. 
Another part of GCB, the Bank of America Healthcare, Education and Not-for-Profit banking team, serves U.S. institutions 
across
 those sectors. Most clients operate as 501(c) organizations and serve communities nationwide. Notable 
relationships include organizations on the Forbes Top 100 List, top healthcare systems, prestigious private universities 
and hundreds of highly regarded not-for-profit organizations. 
Community Development Banking (CDB) 
CDB helps build strong and safe communities through affordable housing and economic opportunities across the U.S., 
supporting clients, communities and residents. CDB clients are served by a dedicated banking team with a continued 
commitment to financing affordable housing through all economic cycles. This creates stability for communities and 
residents who also benefit from increased access to health care, wellness and nutrition resources, job training and 
placement services, childcare and educational resources. Access to health care and wellness resources plays a key role in 
the strength and stability of a community, which is multiplied when paired with affordable housing. This includes access 
to primary and preventative care, healthy and nutritious foods and essential services such as prenatal, pediatric and 
geriatric care. By addressing both affordable housing and healthcare needs, communities are better positioned to thrive, 
with residents experiencing improved physical, mental and emotional well-being. In 2024, CDB provided $7.8 billion in 
debt and equity financing to help create, preserve or finance tens of thousands of housing units for individuals, families, 
seniors, veterans, the formerly homeless and those with special needs. 
Global Corporate and Investment Banking (GCIB) 
Our approach to supporting GCIB clients with their sustainability objectives is based on an understanding of their needs 
as they adapt to the impact of external factors, such as the speed of technological development and adoption, consumer 
behaviors and public policy and geopolitical dynamics. The GCIB Sustainable Banking Solutions Group shares 
sustainability expertise with clients and helps structure and execute transactions where sustainability factors are a 
component of the value proposition for investors. This team works in partnership with investment banking, corporate 
banking and capital markets groups to provide market insights and investor perspectives on topics related to the energy 
transition and sustainability. GCIB also has teams within its investment banking platform that specifically focus on the 
energy transition and sustainability, including the Natural Resources and Energy Transition team and a climate and 
sustainability team within our Emerging Growth and Regional Coverage practice. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 13

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
The day-to-day interactions of GCIB bankers provide valuable insight into our clients’ strategies and priorities. The issues 
facing our clients vary widely depending on the region, industry and regulatory framework in which they operate, not to 
mention the bespoke challenges and opportunities each individual client encounters based on their specific 
circumstances. Our bankers’ understanding of this is critical to providing best-in-class support. 
We have fine-tuned our engagement approach based on specific client needs and certain industry sectors. For 
example,
 we work with companies in carbon-intensive sectors to provide perspectives on capital expenditure and 
investments in climate technologies with a view into anticipated market reactions and resulting impacts. We also work 
with companies whose business models are built around the energy transition or sustainability solutions, and are 
developing the technologies needed to achieve sector-wide decarbonization. 
Understanding Client Transition Plans 
To better support and engage with our clients across GCIB, we work to understand our clients’ business objectives, 
including their own sustainability and transition plans. We developed a comprehensive approach that provides us a 
more holistic and complete understanding of our clients’ investments, priorities and goals. We analyze both sector-
agnostic and sector-specific data that include company transition initiatives and integration into corporate strategy, 
governance processes and oversight, emissions profile and targets, actions taken to meet those targets and 
investments made (e.g., capex, mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures, venture funding, production plans). 
Strategic plan and transition-
aligned initiatives 
Leadership oversight and 
stakeholder engagement 
Ambition, scope and credibility 
of climate-related targets 
Progress to climate targets and 
industry benchmarking 
Transition plan goals and 
progress 
Resource allocation, planned and 
executed investments 
This analysis is not intended to restrict financial services to our clients but instead to provide deeper insights into 
their
 sustainability-related opportunities and challenges, how they are capturing or addressing them; and how 
effectively we are supporting them in doing so. 
Global Markets 
Across our Global Markets businesses, we provide a wide range of financing solutions that our institutional client base 
relies on for market access, liquidity, efficient capital allocation and risk mitigation. The financial solutions we provide – 
across equities, credit, rates, currencies, commodities, asset-based financing, securitized products and municipals – are 
available to help our clients achieve their goals, including those related to sustainability. For example, we provide liquidity 
for secondary trading of sustainability-linked securities, sustainability-themed exchange-traded funds (ETFs), index swaps 
and a suite of liquid custom basket solutions as well as sustainable portfolio and execution strategies. 
Municipal Banking and Markets (MBAM) 
MBAM advises and executes municipal transactions, including those focused on sustainability, across states, cities and 
local governments for issuers including airports, mass transportation, affordable housing, healthcare, education, pollution 
control, clean water / sanitation and general open space and resiliency projects. 
Global Infrastructure and Sustainable Finance Group (GISFG) 
GISFG provides asset-based debt financing, tax incentive-related investments and distribution, capital raising and other 
firm-wide solutions to scale and mobilize capital across sustainable, digital and core infrastructure, including the 
expansion of mature and the development of emerging decarbonization technologies. These technologies include: 
• Mature decarbonization technologies: wind and solar; distributed generation (residential, commercial and industrial 
solar); EVs and EV infrastructure, energy efficiency, battery storage, geothermal energy and water and sanitation. 
• Emerging decarbonization technologies: clean hydrogen, SAF, carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) and renewable 
natural gas. 
In addition, GISFG works across our LOBs to support our company’s sustainable finance objectives, including our 10-year 
goal
 to mobilize and deploy $1.5 trillion in sustainable finance by 2030; drive thought leadership across international 
alliances and task forces; expand existing sustainable finance activities across LOBs; and innovate across emerging areas 
of E&S finance. The team also engages and partners with the development community (e.g. MDBs, development finance 
institutions (DFIs), sovereigns, nonprofits and philanthropies) to originate and implement development finance with a 
focus on blended finance and de-risking solutions. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 14

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Global Commodities 
Global Commodities provides liquidity through the market-making of derivative instruments and other financial products, 
including renewable fuels, transition metals and environmentally focused products and delivers financing and investment 
solutions, including supporting the build-out of low-carbon commodity products and other risk management solutions. 
• Active market participant in the most traded compliance carbon markets in Europe and North America (European 
Union Allowance, U.K. Carbon Emission Allowance Market, California Carbon Allowance, Regional Greenhouse Gas 
Initiative and Washington Carbon Allowance Market) and verified carbon credit markets, including the emerging 
market for international aviation emissions (CORSIA) and power-related environmental attributes (Renewable 
Energy Credits (RECs). 
• Transacts with power generators, energy and industrial clients to help them manage their exposure to carbon price 
risk as well as service clients procuring verified carbon credits to help compensate for residual operational 
emissions and fulfill corporate climate goals. 
• Support fuel suppliers in meeting their renewable fuel obligations through the trading of fuel-related environmental 
attributes (Low Carbon Fuel Standard and Renewable Identification Numbers) and provide a growing number of 
solutions to fuel consumers, such as airlines, international couriers, maritime shipowners and long-haul road freight 
clients to switch to low-carbon biofuels. 
• Provide risk management products for metals important for energy transition, such as lithium, cobalt, copper, steel 
and aluminum. These solutions enable clients to expand production of EVs and build out renewables, energy storage 
and associated grid infrastructure in a cost-effective manner. 
• Provide institutional investors with access to the markets for transition commodities and other low-carbon 
commodity investment solutions. 
Additional client support 
Community Development Financial Institutions 
In addition to our direct lending and investment business in community development, we provide capital to CDFIs to 
finance affordable housing, small businesses, economic development projects, healthcare centers and other community 
facilities. CDFIs are most typically nonprofit loan funds, but they can also be mission-driven credit unions, banks or 
venture funds that provide loans and technical assistance to economically disadvantaged communities. Our company is 
among the largest investors7 in CDFIs with approximately $2 billion in loans, deposits and investments. 
7 U.S. Small Business Administration Lender Report, fiscal year 2024. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 15

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
2024 Sustainable Finance Highlights 
Approximately 140 wind 
farms, 70 solar farms and 
120,000 rooftop 
installations were supported 
with financing in 2024, to 
help provide sustainable, 
affordable and secure 
power to meet energy 
demands of residential and 
commercial / industrial 
customers. 
Baptist Health 
Addressing critical health care needs with solar energy 
The company financed a 13 MW solar farm project in Arkansas for Baptist Health to support 
its sustainability and energy cost reduction goals while also addressing critical health care 
needs. Baptist Health is Arkansas' largest not-for-profit healthcare system, featuring 12 
hospitals plus urgent care centers, a senior living community and over 100 primary and 
specialty care clinics. The system also includes a college with programs in nursing and allied 
health, a graduate residency program and access to virtual care. 
Duke Energy 
Unlocking energy modernization investment 
through 
nuclear tax credits 
Bank of America served as placement agent for the sale of approximately $350 million in 
Production Tax Credit (PTC) by Duke Energy in 2024 to a corporate buyer. Duke Energy is one 
of the largest energy holding companies in the U.S. and is currently investing in modernizing the 
electric grid and expanding generation to serve increasing customer demand. The tax credits 
were generated across Duke Energy’s nuclear and solar facilities in North Carolina, South 
Carolina and Florida, and the benefits are being flowed back to its customers over time. This 
transaction was Bank of America’s first placement of nuclear-related tax credits and its largest 
tax credit placement to date. This transaction helped channel private investment into growing 
energy sector and support, supporting the transition to a more sustainable and resilient power 
system in the U.S. 
Blue Flint 
Carbon capture company 
Bank of America led a first-of-its-kind, $205 million tax equity financing deal for 
Harvestone Low-Carbon Partners to support carbon capture sequestration (CCS) at their 
wholly-owned facility, Blue Flint Ethanol, in North Dakota. Blue Flint is only the third 
biorefinery in the U.S. to capture its carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions and this transaction 
is the first CCS transaction following the August 2022 passage of the Inflation 
Reduction Act. The facility is expected to capture more than 200,000 metric tons of CO2 
per year—the equivalent CO2 emissions of nearly 42,000 gas-powered vehicles. 
HeidelbergMaterials 
Supporting low-carbon construction through Europe’s first 
heavy
 building materials green bond 
The company served as joint bookrunner on HeidelbergMaterials' €700 million inaugural 
green bond offering. HeidelbergMaterials is one of the world's largest integrated 
manufacturers of building materials and solutions, including cement, aggregates and 
ready-mixed concrete. This transaction marks the first green bond issuance by a 
European manufacturer in the heavy building materials industry. The proceeds will 
finance a range of projects, including plant modernization to increase the use of 
alternative fuels and the expansion of carbon capture technologies. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 16

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
OPERATIONS AND SUPPLY CHAIN 
Managing our operations around the world efficiently saves costs, reduces our impact on the environment and drives growth for the communities our customers and employees call home. 
Our operations 
For more than 20 years, our approach to operational sustainability has been grounded in driving near-term efficiency and 
reliability while supporting the development of innovative technologies to deliver future efficiency. We began our 
environmental journey by measuring and reporting our Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions, and we were the first U.S. bank to 
announce a Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions reduction goal through the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 
Climate Leaders. 
Environmental impact measurement and target setting were important first steps in our company’s low-carbon efforts, 
and we
 are now firmly focused on tracking progress toward our targets and improving the efficiency of our sustainability 
programs. The continued tracking, including all relevant Scope 3 GHG emissions, allows us to identify and manage the 
impact of our implemented actions described in this document. As a result, since 2010, we have reduced our location-
based GHG emissions 62% and we have been carbon neutral in our operations and business travel since 2020. As 
outlined in Figure 3, to reach and maintain carbon neutrality for Scopes 1 and 2 GHG emissions, we focus on low-carbon 
solutions, reduce our location-based emissions, purchase all of our electricity from renewable sources and acquire a small 
number of high-integrity carbon credits for our residual emissions. 
Energy resilience in our real estate footprint 
We have continued to pursue sustainability efforts across our global real estate portfolio, including upgrading cooling 
towers to obtain significant water savings, replacing natural gas-fired boilers with air source heat pumps and exploring 
other building electrification projects. We have also conducted several decarbonization audits of owned assets to track 
our progress and adjust our approach and continue to explore and pilot new technologies, such as hyper-efficient 
windows, rooftop cooling and low-carbon concrete and steel. More information and examples of these efforts include: 
• Energy efficiency: At multiple locations, we are utilizing energy consumption profile monitoring that continuously 
tracks and analyzes how and when energy is used in order to identify patterns, understand usage behavior and 
optimize efficiency. We also piloted White Space Control Optimization (WSCO) at a data center, where enhanced 
Artificial Intelligence (AI) optimized temperature control and reduced fan energy consumption significantly. In 
addition to reducing energy use and carbon emissions, these programs can reduce peak utility demand, supporting 
the resiliency of the electric grid.
• Infrastructure optimization: Needed insulation improvements were identified using an Infrared (IR) building shell 
scanning pilot at an office building in the northeastern U.S. In future years, engineers may utilize these IR scans at 
major facilities to identify additional opportunities for infrastructure updates.
• Water efficiency: We delivered significant water savings at some of our data centers and office buildings residing 
in water-stressed regions by converting water-cooled chillers to air-cooled HVAC solutions designed to eliminate 
evaporative cooling. Additionally, we improved water efficiency at sites with historically significant irrigation 
consumption through the tools in our xeriscaping program, such as drip irrigation, monitoring and turf selection.
• Green building certifications: We continue to show leadership in the green building space and have achieved 
LEED® Platinum certifications for both new construction and operations and maintenance. These certifications are 
demonstrations of effective sustainable practices, including on-site renewable energy, the purchase of 100%
renewable electricity and the utilization of sustainable building materials during the lifecycle of the building.
• C&D waste: Ongoing engagement with contractors has driven increased diversion of construction waste, notably 
due to high diversion rates of asphalt and concrete across our real estate portfolio. Mixed debris has also seen an 
increase in diversion as more material acceptance facilities opened nationwide. These factors were major 
contributors to our company reaching 76% diversion of C&D waste in 2024.
Figure
 3 
Prioritization 
of GHG Emissions Reductions 
The majority of our operational reductions come from: 
Energy efficiency 
projects 
Space reduction 
and optimization  
Decreased grid 
emissions 
We integrate renewable electricity by:  
Developing and utilizing 
onsite renewable 
electricity 
Retaining and retiring renewable 
energy credits (RECs) to match 
our facility electricity usage 
We address remaining emissions by: 
Purchasing high-quality carbon credits 
Across our corporate real estate portfolio, we employ an Environmental Management System (EMS) that relies on 
comprehensive compliance processes, procedures and a database to help the Global Real Estate Services Environmental 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 17

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Risk team identify, manage and mitigate risk and improve performance. Our EMS includes training, inspections, inventory 
procedures, documentation, measurement, complaint response and emergency procedures. It encourages: 
• Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. 
• Pollution prevention and environmentally sustainable practices. 
• Continuous improvement in all areas of environmental management. 
Renewable electricity (RE) procurement 
In 2024, we procured all of our electricity from renewable sources, with 11% of our renewable electricity procured 
through Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs8). PPAs allow power generators to fund and build projects by providing 
revenue certainty for new assets. Renewable PPAs also help to replace our GHG emissions via a predictable supply of 
renewable energy. When selecting our providers, we focus on projects in regions with grids that have high emission rates 
per Megawatt-hour (MWh) to maximize the opportunity for all communities to have access to clean energy. 
In addition, our procurement strategy aims to integrate “core benefits” that advance our community focus areas, including 
workforce
 development and income generation through skills training and job creation in underemployed areas and the 
provision of secure and affordable energy. Through these efforts, we attempt to maximize the broader economic and 
community value of each dollar invested in renewable energy. 
Carbon credits approach 
While we prioritize emission mitigation in our approach to reaching net zero, we also recognize the important role that 
high-integrity carbon credits play in reducing global emissions for our company and for our clients. We purchase high-
integrity carbon credits to deliver real, additional and durable cuts in emissions as one of many solutions to reach our 
company’s operations and supply chain goals. 
We select carbon credits using a robust process designed to support fulfillment of our company’s carbon neutrality 
commitment
 with high-integrity projects spanning a diverse set of project types and geographies. We utilize a quality 
review screening tool to evaluate projects based on key characteristics, including permanence, co-benefits, additionality, 
ability to address multiple U.N. SDGs and reputable, active project management and local stakeholder engagement. As 
methodologies for carbon credit categories are approved by the Core Carbon Principles (CCP), we will prioritize those 
projects using CCP-approved methodologies. 
We also engage with The Integrity Council for the Voluntary Carbon Market, Voluntary Carbon Markets Integrity Initiative, 
Global
 Carbon Trust, Energy Transition Accelerator and other organizations to help improve the framework and 
governance of a market for high-integrity carbon credits. 
We seek high-integrity carbon credits that link economic benefits with nature conservation and have the potential to 
support
 decarbonization efforts globally. The purchase of these credits can address deforestation, channel climate 
finance where it is needed most and provide co-benefits such as economic and workforce development. In addition, both 
nature- and technology-based carbon removal credits will be increasingly crucial to achieve our company’s Net Zero Goal, 
especially as we get closer to 2030 and beyond. See the Metrics and Targets section for more details about the carbon 
credit
 project we have supported in 2024. 
Sustainable aviation fuel 
In addition to supporting the decarbonization of the power grid, electrification of gas-fired equipment, use of carbon 
credits and development of new technologies, a key area of focus for our operations is SAF sourcing and usage. In 2022, 
we announced our support for the production and use of 1 billion gallons of SAF by 2030. To drive the usage of SAF, our 
company committed to utilizing SAF for at least 20% of total annual corporate and commercial jet fuel usage by 2030. 
This includes 100% corporate jet fuel and a significant percentage of fuel associated with employee travel on 
commercial airlines. Through 2024, SAF accounted for 33% of our corporate and commercial jet fuel usage, surpassing 
our 2030 goal. In addition, our company partners with a number of leading organizations to support our SAF efforts: 
• SkyNRG: 10-year partnership to support the production of 1.2 million gallons of SAF per year beginning in 2025. 
• Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance (SABA): As part of SABA, Bank of America and other buyers purchase 
SAF certificates at scale. These SAF certificates provide the market with a demand signal for fuel producers to 
make more high-integrity SAF, which in turn influences SAF cost competitiveness with conventional jet fuel. 
• Avelia: Bank of America was the first financial institution to join Avelia, the digital platform program built by Shell, 
Amex GBT and Accenture with support from the Energy Web Foundation to scale the purchase of SAF. 
• United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund: Bank of America joined companies and consumers to 
increase the supply of SAF through the support of start-up companies. 
• GREATER MSP Partnership: In 2023, Bank of America and others jointly established the Minnesota SAF Hub – 
the first large-scale SAF collaboration in the U.S. committed to scaling SAF production. Created to meet the 
overwhelming demand for low-carbon aviation, the hub links suppliers in production, transportation, regenerative 
agriculture, renewable energy, refining and more. 
• Airport of Tomorrow: Bank of America is an active participant in Airports of Tomorrow, the World Economic 
Forum’s aviation decarbonization initiative focusing on cross-sectoral collaboration to enable SAF production scaling 
toward 2030. 
Our supply chain 
In addition to supporting both environmental goals in our operations and people in the communities we serve, we 
recognize that part of our impact results from the size and scale of our supply chain. To that end, we are working to 
promote a responsible supply chain that considers broad topics like the environmental, business ethics, human rights and 
more. 
We publish human rights and environmental expectations of our suppliers in our Supplier Expectations. This document 
outlines
 expectations which suppliers should adhere to while conducting business with, or on behalf of, our company. Our 
expectations are reiterated in our contract templates, designed to foster supplier accountability. Additional approvals are 
required if suppliers wish to negotiate changes to these terms. As a company, we also publish documents outlining our 
human rights commitments, in our Human Rights Statement and our Modern Slavery Act Statement. 
8 A power purchase agreement (PPA) is a contract between two parties, a party that generates electricity (the seller) and a party that is looking to purchase electricity (the buyer). 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 18

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
We monitor adherence with our Supplier Expectations using a risk-based approach — in which we review the policies and 
procedures of our highest spend suppliers prior to awarding and/or renewing contracts. LOBs are accountable for 
selecting suppliers that can adhere to our Supplier Expectations. 
As a founding member of CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project) supply chain program, we have asked suppliers to 
respond to the
 CDP survey since 2009. This helps us understand the climate change impacts on our suppliers’ businesses 
and associated risks related to our global supply chain. The data received from suppliers is used to monitor high spend 
suppliers’ emissions and targets, calculate our supply chain emissions and track our progress toward net zero. To educate, 
upskill and support our suppliers in calculating and reporting emissions data and setting ambitious climate targets, we 
offer a variety of free resources, including webinars and individualized advisory services. We also provide suppliers with 
individualized feedback regarding their CDP survey response to facilitate an ongoing dialogue and promote collaboration. 
Employee engagement 
Employees are critical to execute on our company’s various sustainability efforts. We strive to make our company a Great 
Place to Work by providing access to a broad range of opportunities and benefits that offer care to employees and their 
families. We equip our employees with the skills and knowledge needed to drive company priorities. Employees receive 
resources and training on various topics, such as climate risk, sustainable finance, data management and the Code of 
Conduct; and have the opportunity to grow their skills and careers through The Academy. 
More details about how our company engages with employees and benefits offered, including healthcare, tuition 
reimbursement, higher-than federal
 minimum wage, parental leave, Life Event Services (employee assistance), rewarding 
performance and our 11 Employee Networks can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders - Human Capital 
Management update. 
The Academy 
The Academy is Bank of America’s award-winning onboarding, education and professional development organization 
dedicated to employee growth and success. The Academy empowers teammates to deliver for our clients through 
learning and continuous growth. Key elements of this program are to: 
• Build a strong foundation by equipping new hires with the tools, connections and knowledge needed to thrive.
• Empower growth and career success through continuous learning by providing accessible content to enable ongoing 
learning and skill development.
• Encourage success through expertise by providing education and personalization coaching through expert 
facilitators and coaches.
• Drive engagement through high-tech and high-touch experiences by delivering hands-on, realistic training through
practice environments, conversation simulators and Virtual Reality technologies. 
• Enable technology change and adoption across our company to empower employees to embrace emerging 
technologies through tailored change management, training and enablement strategies.
• Support regulatory compliance to mitigate risk through effective education, process discipline and remediation.
My Environment® 
Another key way we engage with our employees on sustainability matters is through the My Environment® program. With 
more than 25,000 employee members across more than 35 countries and jurisdictions spanning six continents, the My 
Environment® employee program helps drive environmental stewardship by engaging employees in our environmental 
initiatives and programs and by providing opportunities to participate in educational and volunteer events. Program 
elements include, but are not limited to: 
• Local market and company webinars.
• Virtual discussion courses.
• Community volunteerism.
• Newsletters and employee engagement initiatives to reinforce sustainable living habits.
This program, along with the broader Bank of America Community Volunteers, allows employees to learn about global 
challenges while volunteering to help address them in their local communities. Our company encourages employees to be 
active in their communities and offers two hours per week to do so - with manager approval9. 
All employees complete annual training on our Code of 
Conduct. 
In 2024, employees directed more than $69 million in 
combined individual giving and the bank’s matching gifts, 
volunteer grants and other employee-directed giving 
programs. 
In 2024, our 25,000+ My Environment® members continued 
to volunteer with environmentally oriented programs in local 
communities. 
9 Applicable to U.S. employees. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 19

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
EXTERNAL ENGAGEMENT 
We engage with stakeholders including clients, employees, suppliers, policymakers, investors and non-governmental organization (NGO) partners to provide thought leadership as well as to seek valuable external expertise. This input helps to shape our 
perspective, develop financial products and solutions and enhance our business practices. 
Key partners 
Investors and shareholders 
Shareholders are engaged year-round through targeted, active outreach and response to inbound inquiries (e.g., voting 
results of shareholder meetings). This ongoing exchange is critical to how we drive progress on our sustainability 
initiatives and related risks and opportunities. Active two-way dialogue informs and contributes to governance and 
disclosure enhancements that help us address the issues our shareholders and key stakeholders tell us matter most to 
them. Shareholder input from these engagements is shared with our Board and management. More on this can be found 
in our company’s 2025 Proxy Statement. 
National Community Advisory Council (NCAC) and other NGOs 
We work with community partners and thought leaders to stay informed on the most pressing community needs, helping 
to inform how our company operates. One avenue of that work is through our NCAC, a forum consisting of senior leaders 
representing a wide range of policy perspectives from research institutes, think tanks and other organizations focused on 
economic opportunity, consumer advocacy, community development, civil rights, environmental matters. They share 
perspectives and feedback on our business policies and products. We also engage with many other NGOs about our 
strategy. See our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for further details. 
Regulators and policymakers 
We regularly communicate with policymakers at the federal, state and local levels in order to promote and advance the 
long-term goals and interests of our company, customers, stockholders and economy. With regard to sustainability, we 
engage with policy makers to advocate for policies that improve marketplace efficiencies in the energy sector, including 
renewables, and expanding the supply of energy to meet growing demand and enhancing resilience for consumers, 
businesses and communities. Our public policy team is engaged with policymakers across the globe to help us 
understand and, where appropriate, influence potential policy changes that could impact our company or clients. For more 
information, please refer to our Political Activities disclosure available on the Bank of America Investor Relations website. 
Collaborations with trade associations 
Bank of America often shares interests with groups that advocate and shape public policy positions on issues that are 
important to our company, the financial services industry and the global business community. Some of these associations 
are listed below, though this list is not exhaustive. Bank of America does not always agree with every position taken by 
the trade associations in which we participate but we do generally advocate for strategic alignment with the goals 
outlined in this document. 
Key areas of engagement 
Disclosure 
We continue to support convergence among the many efforts to drive transparent, comparable, consistent and 
interoperable sustainability disclosures. We believe companies, investors, policymakers, regulators and other stakeholders 
benefit from this movement as to where best to deploy capital and support transition. 
Multilateral Development Banks and Development Financial Institutions 
Our company works closely with MDBs and DFIs, as they are in a key position to catalyze private investment in emerging 
and developing economies. We also participate in other convening organizations, including the Sustainable Markets 
Initiative (SMI), the U.N. Global Investors for Sustainable Development and Business 20’s Finance and Infrastructure Task 
Force. We will continue to share expertise about how best to facilitate the flow of needed capital to Emerging Markets 
and Developing Economies, where MDBs and DFIs are best positioned to mitigate political risk and catalyze private 
sector capital. 
Policies to catalyze private sector capital 
As we continue to see growing client interest in the energy transition, additional capital will be needed to help drive 
innovation and capture opportunities available. We support public policies that can attract additional private sector 
investment by reducing the cost to deploy existing and emerging technologies; establishing safeguards to protect 
workers and communities for a balanced and Fair Transition and mitigating risk. Government policies can mitigate risks 
to help the financial sector aid companies across industries to innovate and drive desired outcomes. 
The private sector and infrastructure investments for sustainable development 
Large scale infrastructure investments to help achieve sustainable development goals requires coordinated, 
comprehensive planning with the private sector to facilitate construction of projects at scale, speed and certainty. 
Effective approaches include: 
• Incentivizing investment in smart grid infrastructure by electricity generators in order to accelerate a more stable 
transition to diversified clean and sustainable energy. 
• Healthcare systems with integrated technology. 
• Accessible education to reach remote areas. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 20

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Trade Sustainability position Our role 
American Bankers Association (ABA) 
ABA believes common-sense, market-based solutions offer the best 
opportunity for
 addressing this worldwide issue. In addition, every effort 
should be made to prevent or minimize economic dislocation from policy 
and market changes and to recognize the unique challenges facing financial 
institutions in energy-intensive communities. 
Part of ABA’s Environmental, Social and Governance Working Group and Climate Task Force, focuses on 
proposed climate
 disclosure frameworks. 
Bank Policy Institute (BPI) 
Supports efforts to develop and articulate principles-based guidance for 
climate-related financial
 risk management. BPI also supports efforts to 
develop a more consistent global approach to addressing climate-related 
risks. 
Part of BPI’s Climate Working Group focuses on various proposed climate disclosure rules, climate-related 
financial risk
 and climate scenario analysis (CSA). 
Business Roundtable (BRT) 
BRT CEOs call for a well-designed market-based mechanism and other 
supporting policies
 to provide certainty and unleash innovation to lift 
America toward a cleaner, brighter future. 
Part of BRT’s Energy and Environment Coordinating Committee, which focuses on energy permitting reform 
and other
 regulatory and legislative developments related to energy and environment issues. 
Financial Services Forum Promotes a principled and risk-based approach to managing climate-related 
financial risks.
 Part of the Forum’s Climate Risk Working Groups. 
Global Financial Markets Association (GFMA) 
GFMA 
and its member organizations listed here are committed to 
maintaining the efficiency of global financial markets and providing help to 
its members as they serve corporate clients in addressing physical and 
transition climate risk. GFMA and its members prioritize climate finance and 
mobilizing capital to finance the transition. 
Part of GFMA’s Sustainable Finance Steering Committee. 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(SIFMA) 
GFMA 
and its member organizations listed here are committed to 
maintaining the efficiency of global financial markets and providing help to 
its members as they serve corporate clients in addressing physical and 
transition climate risk. GFMA and its members prioritize climate finance and 
mobilizing capital to finance the transition. 
Part of SIFMA’s Sustainable Finance Task Force, which focuses on global regulatory climate and voluntary 
carbon markets. 
Asia Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association 
(ASIFMA) 
GFMA 
and its member organizations listed here are committed to 
maintaining the efficiency of global financial markets and providing help to 
its members as they serve corporate clients in addressing physical and 
transition climate risk. GFMA and its members prioritize climate finance and 
mobilizing capital to finance the transition. 
Part of ASIFMA’s Sustainable Finance Committee and ESG Committee. 
Association for Financial Markets in Europe (AFME) 
GFMA and its member organizations listed here are committed to 
maintaining the
 efficiency of global financial markets and providing help to 
its members as they serve corporate clients in addressing physical and 
transition climate risk. GFMA and its members prioritize climate finance and 
mobilizing capital to finance the transition. 
Part of AFME’s Sustainable Finance Prudential Workstream and Climate Risk Stress Testing Working Group. 
Institute of International Finance (IIF) 
Identifies and promotes capital markets solutions that support the 
development and
 growth of sustainable finance, with transition finance and 
blended finance as key components. In addition, the IIF advocates for 
sustainable finance policies that prioritize prudential risk management, 
financial stability and economic growth. 
Part of IIF’s Sustainable Finance Policy Expert Group focused on discussions around proposed climate 
disclosure frameworks,
 climate-related financial risk, CSA and voluntary carbon markets. 
U.S. Chamber of Commerce 
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce believes there is common ground on which 
all sides
 of the climate discussion could come together to address climate 
change with policies that are practical, flexible, predictable and durable. 
They believe in a policy approach that acknowledges the cost of action and 
inaction and the competitiveness of the U.S. economy. 
Part
 of the Chamber’s Energy and Environment Working Group focused on various climate-related 
discussions including
 proposed climate disclosure rules. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 21

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
RISK 
IN THIS SECTION: 
Managing Climate Risk....................................................23 
Physical and Transition Risks.......................................24 
Risk Measurement and Monitoring..........................25 
Managing Environmental and Social Risk ............27 
Sound risk management helps enable us to 
serve our customers, deliver for our 
shareholders and address society’s biggest 
challenges. If not managed well, risk can 
result in financial loss, regulatory sanctions 
and penalties and damage to our 
reputation, each of which may adversely 
impact our ability to execute our business 
strategies. Our Risk Framework describes 
our risk management approach and 
provides for the clear ownership of and 
accountability for managing risk well 
across our company. For more information 
on our company’s Risk Framework, please 
refer to pages 45 47 of our Annual Report 
on Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended 
December 31, 2024 (2024 Form 10 K). 
Building on this foundation, we developed 
our Climate Risk Framework and Areas of 
Heightened Sensitivity to address how we 
identify, measure, monitor and control 
CE&S risks in alignment with Responsible 
Growth and to define the roles and 
responsibilities across the three lines of 
defense (see right). Our approach to 
managing CE&S risks is consistent with 
our risk management governance 
structure, from senior management to the 
Bank of America Corporation Board of 
Directors (Board) and its committees, 
including the Enterprise Risk Committee 
(ERC) and the Corporate Governance 
Committee (CGC). For more information, 
please see the Governance section. 
Identify 
Measure ■ 
Monitor ▲ 
Control
 ● 
Thre
e Lines of Defense 
■ Front Line Units
Own and proactively manage 
all risks in business activities 
▲ Global Risk Management
Oversee risk-taking activities within the 
front line units and across the company, 
and provide independent assessment and 
effective challenge of risks 
● Corporate Audit
Provide independent validation through 
testing of key processes and controls 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 22

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
MANAGING CLIMATE RISK 
Climate risk is divided into two major categories, both of which span the seven key risk types: 
• Physical risk: Risks related to the physical impacts of climate change, driven by extreme weather events, such as 
hurricanes and floods, as well as chronic longer-term shifts, such as rising average global temperatures and sea 
levels, and 
• Transition risk: Risks related to the transition to a low-carbon economy, which may entail extensive policy, legal, 
technology and market changes. 
Physical risks of climate change, such as more frequent and severe extreme weather events, can increase our company’s 
risks,
 including credit risk by diminishing borrowers’ repayment capacity or collateral values and operational risk by 
negatively impacting our company’s facilities, employees, or third parties. Climate-related transition risks may amplify 
credit risks through the financial impacts of changes in policy, technology or the market on our company or our 
counterparties. Unanticipated market changes can lead to sudden price adjustments and give rise to heightened market 
risk. 
Climate risk is managed within our existing risk management processes, consistent with how we manage other risks. 
Where
 appropriate, we embed climate risk considerations into existing policies, processes and activities. In addition, our 
Climate Risk Framework provides further structure for identifying, measuring, monitoring and controlling climate risk 
across the company. 
Risk identification 
Risk identification is an ongoing process that incorporates input from stakeholders across the LOBs and control functions 
with relevant expertise. It is designed to be forward-looking and capture relevant risk factors to which we are or may be 
exposed. Identified risks are captured in an company-wide risk inventory and reviewed quarterly. 
In recent years, we have enhanced our risk identification process to incorporate climate-related risks, such as physical 
(acute
 and chronic) and transition risks across LOBs and control functions. We also expanded risk identification 
capabilities to embed additional climate risk considerations such as sector, product and geography, and to connect new 
and existing risks to climate risk categories, aligning specific perils and/or transition categorization across short- (< 3 
years), medium- (3-5 years) and long-term (> 5 years) time horizons. We continue to explore opportunities to expand risk 
identification capabilities related to physical and transition risk and the resulting impacts to our businesses. 
Climate Scenario Analysis 
We conduct CSA to understand and assess the potential impacts of climate-related risks across a range of possible 
outcomes. Evaluating a range of possible outcomes helps to broaden our understanding of potential financial impacts to 
inform risk management and may in the future inform business strategy. CSA is an important tool that helps us 
understand how various risks and opportunities may manifest, and we continue to explore potential use cases. We have a 
long record of investing in all aspects of stress testing, and we are doing the same for CSA. We have assessed the 
potential impact of physical and transition risks on specific sectors and geographies and explored the impact across 
multiple portfolios. 
We have been running CSA since 2021, improving our capabilities each cycle. Internally developed scenarios have 
primarily
 leveraged the scenarios published by the Network for Greening the Financial System (NGFS) as the main 
economic backdrop for the long-term transition and chronic physical risk scenarios, which were customized to 
incorporate additional idiosyncratic risks, as well as the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) scenario 
framework for acute physical risk scenarios. NGFS and IPCC scenarios reflect a range of widely-accepted, plausible 
emission pathways and socio-economic factors, that result in different levels of global warming. For acute physical risk 
we explored severe weather events intensified by global warming that compound over two years, stressing the insurance 
industry, critical infrastructure, emergency services and company operations. 
We plan to continue to develop and evolve CSA capabilities and risk management processes by working to resolve data 
gaps,
 expand our models and explore more scenarios to better assess, measure and manage the potential impact of 
climate-related risks and opportunities on our portfolios. As with all forward-looking assessments, CSA involves the use of 
assumptions and estimations. These are subject to inherent uncertainty and will continue to evolve and develop over 
time, in line with industry practices and regulatory standards. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 23

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
PHYSICAL AND TRANSITION RISKS 
Climate risks can manifest themselves in a variety of ways. This table outlines physical and transition risk examples across each of our key risk types. 
Risk types Physical risk example Transition risk example 
Credit 
Risk of loss arising from the inability or failure of a borrower or counterparty to 
meet its obligations.
 
Impacts on repayment capacity or collateral caused by physical climate events. 
Financial impacts to client revenue, income, cash flow, assets or collateral due to 
climate-related policy, legal,
 technology or market changes, including a shift to 
climate-related investments. 
Market 
Risk that changes in market conditions adversely impact the value of assets or 
liabilities or otherwise
 negatively impact earnings. 
Impacts to asset valuations or secondary exposure to insurers caused by physical 
climate events. 
Impacts  on market prices due to climate-related policy, legal, technology or market 
changes. 
Liquidity 
Risk
 of the inability to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral needs 
while continuing to
 support our businesses and customers under a range of 
economic conditions. 
Sudden  decline in deposit balances, increases in draws from unfunded 
commitments or loss
 of access to funding providers due to physical climate events. 
Impact  of clients needing more liquidity to fund capital expenditures and other 
investments in response
 to climate-related regulatory changes or changes in 
market appetite. 
Compliance 
Risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or damage to the 
reputation of our
 company arising from the failure of our company to comply with 
the requirements of applicable laws, rules and regulations or our internal policies 
and procedures. 
Workplace disruptions from physical climate events that impact our ability to 
comply with regulatory
 requirements. 
Failure  to meet rapidly emerging compliance requirements for classification and 
disclosure in multiple
 jurisdictions that leads to regulator fines or sanctions. 
Operational
 
Risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, 
people or external
 events. 
Workplace disruptions from physical climate events impact our ability to deliver 
services and/or execute
 important controls. 
Transition requirements that impact third-party service providers may require bank 
businesses to change
 providers or move processes in-house, creating operational 
risks associated with change management. 
Strategic 
Risk to current or projected financial condition arising from incorrect assumptions 
about external or
 internal factors, inappropriate business plans, ineffective business 
strategy execution or failure to respond in a timely manner to changes in the 
regulatory, macroeconomic or competitive environments in the geographic 
locations in which we operate. 
Impact of incorrect assumptions (e.g. capital expenditures), inadequate planning or 
poor strategy execution
 related to managing risks associated with physical impacts 
of climate events and trends. 
Impact of inability to quickly adapt and execute a strategy to address changing 
regulatory requirements, client
 demands or the competitive environment as it 
relates to the transition to a lower-carbon economy. 
Reputational 
Risk that a negative perception of our company may adversely impact profitability 
or operations. 
Impact  of perceived inadequate management of physical climate events on our 
operations. Impact of  negative perceptions regarding the company’s climate position. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 24

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
RISK MEASUREMENT AND MONITORING 
We measure climate risk using a range of methods and tools across LOBs and control functions further detailed below. In addition, we developed a quarterly climate risk report that aggregates risk metrics and trends. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from the inability or failure of a borrower or counterparty to meet its obligations. 
Climate risk in our consumer and commercial credit portfolios arises from physical risks to client assets and operations, 
and transition risks as businesses adapt to policy, technology or market changes, including customer preferences. 
Consumer credit risk 
Climate risk is emerging as a key driver of consumer credit risk by exposing residential properties to events that impair 
asset quality and borrower repayment capacity. Natural disasters such as floods, hurricanes and wildfires can cause 
significant property damage, lead to insurance gaps and increase delinquency rates. 
The most immediate climate-related risks stem from insurance challenges and natural disasters. Insurance risk manifests 
through three
 critical dimensions — availability and adequacy, each representing residual credit risk for home loans. 
Rising insurance premiums are creating payment shocks that may hinder borrowers’ ability to qualify for new loans or 
maintain existing ones. Coverage adequacy and availability are also concerns in areas vulnerable to natural disasters. 
To mitigate these risks, we assess concentrations of risk across multiple dimensions and have strong underwriting 
practices. We
 also monitor economic conditions across key markets to identify areas of home price deterioration or 
borrower stress. Our insurance oversight has been strengthened, and we’ve developed physical risk modeling to improve 
geographic and portfolio-level monitoring and scenario exercises. 
To support customers impacted by natural disasters, we offer assistance through our Client Assistance Program and by 
continuing to
 provide access to the important financial services on which these clients rely. 
Commercial credit risk 
We actively monitor climate risks in our commercial credit portfolio by assessing potential impacts at an industry, 
geographic and borrower-level. We classify countries and industries from Very Low to Very High climate risk based on an 
individual country or industry’s combined vulnerability to both physical and transition risks. From a borrower perspective, 
climate-related risks are evaluated during the underwriting process through industry risk guidelines and borrower level 
assessments. We assess specific climate-related risks that could manifest as credit risks, particularly for our larger 
exposures in higher climate risk industries. The results of these assessments trigger documentation requirements in the 
credit approval documents and considerations at underwriting as appropriate. 
This
 table illustrates key industry sectors that we have identified as having heightened vulnerability to climate related risk, 
based on
 subsectors of each industry sector that are rated Moderate, High or Very High. Data aligns with the Commercial 
Credit Exposure by Industry disclosure in 2024 Form 10-K. 
Table 1: Industry sectors with heightened vulnerability to climate-related credit risk 
Industry sector Total committed commercial credit $ 
exposure %  of total $ exposure 
Asset managers and funds $193,947 15.1% 
Capital goods $98,780 7.7% 
Real estate $95,981 7.5% 
Materials $58,128 4.5% 
Food, beverage and tobacco $54,370 4.2% 
Retailing $53,471 4.2% 
Consumer services $53,054 4.1% 
Utilities $42,107 3.3% 
Transportation $35,743 2.8% 
Energy $35,510 2.8% 
Global commercial banks $25,220 2.0% 
Insurance $23,445 1.8% 
Consumer durables and apparel $21,823 1.7% 
Automobiles and components $16,268 1.3% 
Subtotal for sectors listed above $807,847 62.8% 
Total commercial credit exposure $1,286,588 
$ in M as of December 31, 2024 Note: Commercial credit exposure U.S. dollar amounts sourced from the 2024 Form 10-K and 
include U.S.
 small business commercial exposure. Totals and subtotals may not reconcile exactly due to rounding. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 25

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk that changes in market conditions adversely impact the value of assets or liabilities or otherwise 
negatively impact earnings. We assess potential risks stemming from physical climate perils and abrupt transition events, 
such as sudden regulatory changes or shifts in investor sentiment, which could materially impact asset valuations in 
higher risk locations or carbon-intensive sectors. For example, a severe physical climate event could trigger impacts to 
mortgage security prices due to the physical risk to underlying property locations. Similarly, companies operating in 
carbon-intensive sectors without credible transition plans may face asset stranding risks, which could lead to significantly 
depressed valuations of related equity or credit securities. Climate-related impacts on market risk are measured and 
monitored at the issuer and portfolio level. Stress tests are used to understand the impact of climate risks on trading 
portfolios and counterparty exposures, with a particular focus on identifying concentrations of risk. Metrics and reporting 
continue to be developed to take advantage of improved data and modeling. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk of the inability to meet expected or unexpected cash flow and collateral needs while continuing to 
support our businesses and customers under a range of economic conditions. After a climate risk event, for example, 
customers may need access to higher-than-expected physical currency due to sustained power outages. Liquidity risk is 
actively managed through scenario analysis, counterparty assessments and integration into broader climate risk 
monitoring frameworks to guarantee resilience under both physical and transition risk conditions. 
Compliance and operational risk 
Compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss or damage to the reputation of the 
company arising from the failure of the company to comply with the requirements of applicable laws, rules and 
regulations or our internal policies and procedures. We evaluate the applicability and impact of new and amended 
climate-related laws, rules and regulations related to climate topics, and then execute changes needed to comply. 
Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, people or external 
events.
 We track climate-related operational losses and monitor our reliance on locations with elevated climate risk to 
help us maintain critical functions in the face of increasing climate volatility. Additionally, the business continuity program 
emphasizes climate risk as an important consideration in contingency planning. 
Strategic risk 
Strategic risk is the risk to current or projected financial condition arising from incorrect assumptions about external or 
internal factors, inappropriate business plans, ineffective business strategy execution or failure to respond in a timely 
manner to changes in the regulatory, macroeconomic or competitive environments in the geographic locations in which 
we operate. We proactively monitor and evaluate changes to the internal and external environment, including impacts due 
to climate risk. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is the risk that negative perception of the company may adversely impact profitability or operations. 
Certain business activities with heightened reputational risk arising from climate, must go through an enhanced due 
diligence process. If deemed necessary based on the level of risk involved, they may be escalated to governance forums. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 26

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
MANAGING ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RISK 
Effectively identifying and addressing E&S risks is essential to making informed business decisions in line with our 
company’s risk appetite, purpose and strategy. We define E&S risks as actual or potential adverse impacts on the 
environment, people and communities resulting from actions or inactions of our company, our clients, or stakeholders. 
These
 risks may arise from events or activities that affect the natural environment (such as biodiversity and water stress, 
etc.), local
 communities or broader social systems (such as labor and working conditions, health, safety, security, 
Indigenous Peoples and human rights, etc.). If not properly managed, E&S risks can have adverse results on the company, 
including financial loss, regulatory sanctions or penalties and constraints on our ability to operate. 
When a client or transaction presents E&S risks, those risks are evaluated on a case-by-case basis, guided by applicable 
company procedures
 and standards. 
Refer
 to the Appendix for information on E&S Areas of Heightened Risk and Sensitivity. 
Our approach to managing certain E&S risks 
We integrate certain internationally recognized principles into our E&S risk management process, where 
appropriate. These include, but may not be limited to: 
• IFC Performance Standards. 
• World Bank Environmental, Health and Safety Guidelines. 
• Relevant ICMA / Loan Market Association principles, such as the Green Bond Principles, Sustainability 
Linked Loan Principles, Social / Sustainability / Sustainability Linked Bond Principles, etc. 
Our approach to managing risks related to Human Rights and 
Indigenous Peoples 
For information on our approach to Human Rights risks and impacts, see Bank of America’s Human Rights 
Statement and
 Modern Slavery Act Statement. We integrate the following principles into our management of 
risks related
 to Human Rights: 
• International Labor Organization’s (ILO) Fundamental Conventions. 
• U.N. Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. 
• U.N. Declaration of Human Rights. 
We conduct enhanced due diligence on transactions where the majority use of proceeds is attributed to 
activities that
 may negatively impact an area used by or traditionally claimed by an indigenous community. 
Bank of America integrates consideration of IFC Performance Standard 7 into its management of risks related 
to Indigenous Peoples, Native and First Nations communities. 
We also expect our suppliers’ policies and practices to be consistent with Human Rights principles referenced 
in this
 section. For more information, see 2025 Bank of America Supplier Expectations, 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 27

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
GOVERNANCE 
IN THIS SECTION: 
Our Governance....................................................................29 
Governance Oversight......................................................30 
Proper management and oversight of 
CE&S
 risks and opportunities start with 
our Board, which oversees management’s 
development and implementation of our 
company’s strategy. Management does 
this through management committees, 
councils and LOBs. 
Notably, our management level RGC 
focuses
 on sustainability related initiatives 
and programs. 
Across our LOBs, risk and control 
functions,
 we have established governance 
frameworks and steering groups that help 
deliver decisions in a timely manner, 
escalate risks and issues and achieve 
milestones. These councils and steering 
groups also address sustainability related 
regulatory requirements. 
From an international perspective, 
sustainability
 related strategic, risk and 
regulatory governance routines are 
conducted in each region: Europe, Middle 
East and Africa (EMEA), Latin America 
(LATAM) and Asia Pacific (APAC) and for 
certain legal entities. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 28

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS 
 INDEXES APPENDICES 
OUR GOVERNANCE Figure 4 
BOARD
-LEVEL 
COMMITTEES 
Oversees
 activities pursuant to each committees’ charter responsibilities, including sustainability or climate-related matters as appropriate. 
Enterprise Risk Committee 
Oversees risks across our company 
Audit Committee (AC) 
Oversees the integrity of our financial and 
regulatory reporting including sustainability-
related disclosures 
Compensation and Human Capital 
Committee 
Oversees human capital management practices, 
including compensation programs 
Corporate Governance 
Committee 
Oversees environmental 
sustainability matters generally 
MANAGEMENT
-LEVEL 
COMMITTEES AND 
COUNCILS 
Accountable for oversight of key risks facing our company Accountable for execution of sustainability strategies 
Management Risk Committee 
Oversees all company risks, including climate risk 
Regional and LOB Risk Committees 
Embed climate risk into key risk considerations 
across LOBs 
Regional and LOB Business Escalation 
Committees 
Oversee and review business activities that 
present elevated levels of risk 
Legal Entity Risk Committees* 
Review and oversee risks at the legal entity-level, 
including climate-related risks 
Responsible Growth Council** 
Oversees our mandate to grow in a sustainable 
manner
 
Responsible Growth Disclosure Council 
(RG DC) 
Oversees accuracy, completeness and timeliness 
of sustainability-related disclosures 
FUNCTIONAL
 AND 
CLIENT-FACING 
GROUPS WITH 
SUSTAINABILITY 
EXPERTISE 
Functional groups Client-facing groups 
Global 
Environmental 
Group 
Global Climate and 
Environmental Risk 
Global Community 
Opportunity 
Corporate 
Sustainability 
Controller 
Global 
Infrastructure and 
Sustainable 
Finance Group 
Sustainable 
Banking Solutions 
Group 
Global Commercial 
Banking 
Sustainability 
Group 
Business Banking 
Sustainability 
Team 
*Legal entity risk committees report into the committee structure of their specific legal entity. 
**The RGC is accountable to the Chair and CEO and escalates relevant matters to formal risk committees as appropriate and in alignment with enterprise risk governance practices.
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 29

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
GOVERNANCE OVERSIGHT 
Board oversight 
The Board is comprised of directors with an understanding of risk management principles, policies and practices and 
experience in identifying, assessing and managing risk exposures. The Board and its committees oversee the business 
and affairs of our company, including sustainability-related initiatives and risks. For example: 
• The Board receives periodic presentations from management on topics related to sustainability, including our 
company’s progress toward its Net Zero Goal, sustainable finance target, philanthropic giving and community 
development. 
• The Board’s Enterprise Risk Committee oversees risk and receives updates on our company’s risk management 
efforts, including periodically on climate risk. The Board and the ERC receive risk reporting on key and emerging 
risks. 
• The Board’s Corporate Governance Committee has specific responsibility for overseeing our company’s 
sustainability-related activities and practices, and reviews our company’s sustainability-related disclosures, targets, 
strategy and activities. 
Management oversight 
The MRC, co-chaired by our CEO and Chief Risk Officer (CRO), is responsible for management oversight of key risks 
facing our company. The MRC reports to the ERC and AC and is supported by subcommittees organized by risk type (e.g., 
credit, market, operational) and LOB, which also review the implications of climate-related risks. 
The RGC serves as a senior executive advisory body dedicated to guiding our company’s strategy and initiatives related to 
E&S
 activities and practices. The RGC is co-chaired by our Chief People Officer and one of our Vice Chairs. Its members 
are comprised of senior leaders from our LOBs and control functions. The RGC is accountable to the Chair and CEO and 
escalates relevant matters to formal risk committees as appropriate and in alignment with enterprise risk governance 
practices. The RGDC reports to the RGC and is responsible for reviewing and providing oversight of our sustainability-
related public disclosures and reporting. 
Management enlists many independent third parties for advice, counsel, perspective, ideas and assistance. These third 
parties
 and other stakeholders (including employees, clients, investors/shareholders, communities, regulators and 
policymakers) represent a range of diverse perspectives and provide continuous feedback on our actions and progress. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 30

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
METRICS AND TARGETS 
IN THIS SECTION: 
Sustainable Finance...........................................................32 
Financing Activity........................................….....................33 
Environmental Operations and Supply Chain .....37 
Supporting the Communities We Serve ................45 
On the following pages, our company 
presents
 a view on environmental and 
community initiatives delivered across the 
markets in which we serve. 
Our company has set a wide range of 
public
 operational and business targets to 
manage our environmental impact and 
finance the transition to a more resilient 
economy. To accomplish this transition, we 
are tracking progress toward the following 
(but not limited to): 
• 2030 sustainable finance goal. 
• 2030 financing activity climate 
targets. 
• 2030 environmental operations and 
supply chain goal. 
• 2030 Community Homeownership 
Commitment. 
In addition to historical reports and 
environmental
 assurance statements 
posted on bankofamerica.com/ 
sustainabilityreports, we publish 
sustainability
 highlights each year, most 
recently in our 2024 Annual Report to 
Shareholders. We plan to continue 
reporting
 on progress toward our goals 
and following expectations of regulators 
and relevant voluntary guidelines as 
appropriate. 
Carbon neutral in our 
operations: Since 2019 
$741B has been allocated to 
mobi
lize and deploy in 
sustainable finance capital out 
of $1.5T goal by 2030 
Community Homeownership 
Co
mmitment: Invested $13.3B 
of $15B 
Green Building Certifications: 
33% 
certified; on track to meet 
40% 
E-waste disposal by certified 
suppl
iers: Increased our 
percentage to 100% in 2024 
All data is as of December 31, 2024  
All data is as of December 31, 2024 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 31

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE 
In 2024, our company mobilized and deployed more than $181 billion in sustainable finance activity, of which more than $87 billion was for climate and environmental transition and the remaining $94 billion for community development. With this, as 
of the end of 2024, we have mobilized or deployed $741 billion toward our $1.5 trillion goal, of which more than $404 billion went toward the environmental transition and $337 billion for community development. Our financing has helped drive 
development and increase deployment of energy efficiency, renewable energy, sustainable transportation, water conservation and sustainable land use. For more information on how we have previously defined areas of environmental transition and 
community development, please see historical reporting available on our website. 
Sustainable Finance categories 
FY 2024 ($M) Cumulative 
program-to-date* ($M) 
Environmental transition Community 
development Total  Environmental 
transition 
Community  
development Total  
Global Corporate and Investment Banking: advisory, lending, leasing and capital markets activity for clients 
and activity
 aligned with the SDGs 42,835 35,923 78,758 279,334 163,752 443,085 
Debt Capital Markets: green, social and sustainability bond underwriting, sustainability-linked bond 
underwriting and
 sustainability linked lending, bond underwriting aligned to SDGs and underwriting which 
facilitates capital toward developing economies 
20,210 27,581 47,791 104,333 109,290 213,623 
Equity Capital Markets: advisory associated with clients aligned to SDGs, including capital raises for clients 
in developing
 economies 2,548 144 2,692 23,151 8,184 31,335 
Mergers
 and Acquisitions: advisory associated with clients aligned to SDGs and advisory to facilitate capital 
flows to
 target companies in developing economies 8,250  1,855 10,105 118,493 21,218 139,711 
Lending, Leasing and Trade Finance: corporate and sustainability-linked lending, leasing and trade 
financing for
 clients / use-of-proceeds aligned with SDGs, including in developing economies 11,828 6,343 18,170 33,356 25,060 58,416 
Global Markets: capital markets advisory, underwriting and distribution for municipal and corporate clients 
and activity
 aligned with the SDGs 37,168 39,808 76,977 96,011 96,137 192,148 
Asset-based Finance: sustainable asset-based finance 3,826 0 3,826 12,460 0 12,460 
ABS / MBS: underwriting of green- and social-labelled ABS / MBS 1,169 197 1,366 4,529 368 4,898 
Public Finance / Municipals: labelled municipal underwriting, municipal underwriting aligned to SDGs and 
financing provided
 to municipals in support of the SDGs 32,174 39,611 71,784 79,021 95,769 174,790 
Regional Banking: lending, leasing and capital markets activity 
aligned with
 the SDGs 4,281 16,865 21,146 15,193 67,505 82,699 
Retail and preferred: Consumer Hybrid/EV lending and low- to moderate-income (LMI) lending for 
homeownership 4,022  1,708 5,730 10,112 10,891 21,003 
Business Banking: advisory, lending, leasing and capital markets activity for clients and activity aligned with 
the SDGs,
 Small Business lending and Small Business Hybrid/EV lending 114 2,973 3,087 545 13,131 13,676 
Global Commercial Banking: advisory, lending, leasing and capital markets activity for clients and activity 
aligned with
 the SDGs 145 12,184 12,329 4,537 43,483 48,020 
Other 2,566 850 3,416 5,490 5,588 11,078 
Merrill and Private Bank: net inflow/outflow to ESG Assets Under Management (AUM) 540 270 811 8,063 4,031 12,094 
Total (Any differences in the Total columns are due to rounding.) 87,391 93,716 181,107 404,091 337,014 741,104 
*As of December 31, 2024. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 32

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
FINANCING ACTIVITY 
A note on our financing activity targets 
We established our targets to reflect what we believe is achievable while supporting clients in pursuing their 
sustainability priorities. They express our ambition to seize sustainability opportunities by empowering clients, rather 
than limiting funding or capital access; they are not intended to restrict financial services to our customers. 
Bank of America engages every client on an individual basis and makes decisions based on client-specific, 
transaction-specific
 and jurisdiction-specific factors guided by applicable company policies and standards. 
Methodology and data considerations 
We have set voluntary 2030 financing activity targets as a part of our Net Zero Goal for the following sectors: auto 
manufacturing, aviation, cement, energy, iron and steel, maritime shipping and power generation. The metrics we use to 
track progress, sector-specific decisions and other methodology considerations are outlined in this section. 
Our metrics include physical unit emissions intensity targets, absolute emissions and economic intensity, plus other data 
related
 to our target metrics. In our view, physical unit emissions intensity provides an important measure of progress 
toward net zero, accounting for clients’ improvements in technologies and systems to reduce emissions and improve 
efficiency or emissions per physical unit. Physical unit emissions intensity also allows for comparison of clients of 
different sizes within a sector. We also report absolute emissions as this is what ultimately needs to be reduced to net 
zero in the long term. Looking at absolute emissions and intensities together provides a fuller picture than either metric 
does in isolation. Calculations disclosed herein were subject to multiple levels of review and challenge as well as third-
party limited assurance review and validation - the resulting Environmental Assurance Statements can be found on 
bankofamerica.com/sustainabilityreports. 
We have refined our methodology and boundaries of metrics and targets to more accurately reflect our financing to 
clients.
 These refinements include bringing in project finance and tax equity investments, and using more granular client-
level data rather than parent company data where available. Other changes to our methodology include using client-
reported lifetime kilometers for auto manufacturing for Scope 3.11 emissions, and using the latest decarbonization 
trajectories associated with the International Maritime Organization's (IMO) Strategy on Reduction of GHG emissions for 
maritime shipping. Excluding these changes, our methodology and boundaries are consistent with prior reporting periods. 
Calculating financing activity emissions demands significant allocation of analytics, data, technology and modeling 
resources.
 Clients vary widely in their disclosure of emissions, and even when reported, data is often not verified by a 
third party. Additionally, there is no one data source, or even group of data sources, that adequately and consistently 
covers our needs for client emissions and production information across the target sectors. 
In addition to difficulties related to the gathering and quality of data, the timing of emissions data availability also 
presents
 a challenge due to an inherent lag in public GHG accounting and reporting by clients. This year, we have used 
the best available emissions and financial information to disclose 2023 and 2024 emissions metrics. 
Given these refinements, and consistent with industry trends, there can be volatility in our sectoral emissions estimates 
unrelated
 to actual sectoral emissions performance. Changes in client reporting may require us to adjust our calculations. 
It is possible that data not previously reported could be incorporated into our results, which could require restatements of 
prior period results (no restatements were required in our financing activity tables below). 
Climate scenarios 
Global climate scenarios and sectoral pathways are fundamental tools our company uses to define our company’s interim 
and long-term GHG reduction goals. Setting targets on our financing activity emissions involves evaluating the 
decarbonization pathways for each sector as outlined in existing climate scenarios to determine the emission reductions 
required across relevant scopes to support our organizational Net Zero Goal. 
The International Energy Agency (IEA) publishes leading climate scenarios and provides foundational data for other 
organizations
 that develop scenarios with specific sectoral or geographic focus areas. Prescriptive climate scenarios, like 
the Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario (NZE2050), show what conditions are required to achieve a certain outcome at 
a certain time – e.g., reaching net zero by 2050. Other IEA climate scenarios are developed based on actual climate 
pledges and expectations that do not align with achieving net zero by 2050. 
Table 1: Absolute emissions 
Sector Absolute financed emissions 
(thousand tCO2e)* 
Sector Subsector boundaries Emission scope(s) 
included
 2023 2024 
Auto manufacturing Light-duty passenger car and truck 
manufacturers
 1, 2 and 3.11 414 694 
Aviation Commercial aviation 1 4,192 3,749 
Cement Cement manufacturing 1 and 2 1,927 1,678 
Energy
 
Upstream oil and gas producers, 
refiners and integrated companies 
1 and 2 1,488 1,595 
Energy
 
Upstream oil and gas producers, 
refiners and integrated companies 3.11 14,783 16,671 Energy 
Other oil and gas companies 1 and 2 2,282 2,111 
Iron and steel Crude steel production 1 and 2 1,302 2,218 
Power generation Power generation 1 4,002 4,100 
*tCO2e = metric ton of carbon dioxide equivalent 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 33

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Table 2: Physical intensity, intensity targets and portfolio alignment score 
Our 2030 targets are portfolio-level targets for each sector, using an emissions intensity reduction or alignment metric, each of which are outlined in the table and narrative below. 
Sector Target Physical intensity 
Sector Subsector boundaries 
included
 
Emission 
scope(s)
 
included 
Reference scenario Unit of 
measurement
 Baseline 2030 target (as % of 
baseline
 reduction) 
2030 target 
(calculated
 
emissions) 
2023 2024 
Auto manufacturing Light-duty passenger car and 
truck
 manufacturers 1, 2 and 3.11 IEA NZE2050 gCO2e/km 182.8 (2019) 48.0% 94.9 186.2 184.5 
Aviation Commercial aviation 1 MPP PRU gCO2e/RTK 1007.8 (2021) 37.0% 639.0 864.5 832.6 
Cement Cement manufacturing 1 and 2 IEA NZE2050 tCO2e/tCP 0.683 (2021) 32.0% 0.467 0.648 0.660 
Energy 
Upstream
 oil and gas 
producers, refiners and 
integrated companies 
1 and 2 
IEA 
NZE2050 gCO2e/MJ 
7.5 (2019) 45.0% 4.1 6.4 5.8 
Energy 
Upstream oil and gas 
producers,
 refiners and 
integrated companies 
3.11 
IEA NZE2050 gCO2e/MJ 
60.6 (2019) 29.0% 43.1 59.7 59.5 
Iron and steel Crude steel production 1 and 2 IEA NZE2050 tCO2e/t crude steel 1.75 (2021) 27.0% 1.28 1.39 1.45 
Power generation Power generation 1 IEA NZE2050 kgCO2/MWh 168.9 (2022) 40.0% 100.9 160.4 181.6 
Sector Portfolio alignment score (minimum/striving)* 
Sector Subsector boundaries included Emission scope(s) 
included
 Reference scenario 2023 2024 
Maritime shipping Vessel-level commercial shipping Scope 1 CO2 Poseidon Principles via 2023 IMO GHG Strategy 19% / 24% 14% / 21% 
TOC 
*A striving and minimum trajectory represent 30% and 20% GHG reductions by 2030 and 80% and 70% by 2040, respectively, relative to 2008 levels. See Sector performance below for more information. Source: Poseidon Principles. 
2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 34

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Sector performance 
The results in the physical intensity table above and discussed below can be attributed to macroeconomic factors, 
changes in client intensities driven by client actions and industry developments, improvement in data quality and client 
reporting, along with a shift in our client portfolio mix within sectors. This is not an exhaustive list and there are other 
drivers impacting physical intensity performance. In some sectors, the portfolio exposure is heavily concentrated on a 
small number of clients, and therefore the sector’s performance is highly dependent on their results. Overall, our sector 
portfolio physical intensities are trending downward, although the rate of decrease varies across sectors. Additionally, 
many of our clients have strong climate commitments and are taking steps to decarbonize their businesses; even higher 
intensity clients have commitments that take time to implement and see results. 
Auto manufacturing 
Both the 2023 and 2024 physical intensity of our auto manufacturing portfolio increased slightly compared to the 2019 
baseline. Physical intensity improved for many of our clients, but some clients saw an increase in their physical intensity. 
Vehicle electrification is a critical decarbonization lever for auto manufacturing clients. EV sales continue to grow globally 
due to increased affordability and technological advancements but this growth varies regionally with some markets 
seeing a slowing of demand and varying regulatory environments. 
Aviation 
The 2023 physical intensity of our aviation portfolio compared to the 2021 baseline decreased by 14% due to all clients 
having improved their physical intensity. The 2024 physical intensity of our aviation portfolio compared to the 2021 
baseline decreased by 17% due to an increase in financing to lower intensity clients and a decrease in financing to higher 
intensity clients. This decrease in intensity is reflective of the sector globally as COVID-19 recovery continues to bring 
passenger travel back to pre-COVID levels due to the improvement in utilization and plane efficiency (i.e., a full plane is 
most efficient). SAF is a key decarbonization lever in this industry and we continue to support our clients through large-
scale SAF collaborations, such as the Minnesota SAF Hub. 
Cement 
The 2023 physical intensity of our cement portfolio decreased 5% compared to the 2021 baseline, largely due to 
changes in client performance. Cement is one of the sectors where our exposure is most concentrated on a few large 
clients and those clients have reduced their intensity over time. To a lesser extent, changes in exposure also reduced our 
2023 intensity compared to 2021. 2024 intensity was not significantly different than 2023. 
Emissions in the cement sector result from both combustion of fuel in cement kilns and from process emissions caused 
by
 the chemical decomposition of limestone. Our clients’ decarbonization focus areas in this sector include alternative 
production processes, clinker substitution, energy efficiency, renewable fuels and carbon capture. 
Energy 
For Scopes 1 and 2, the 2023 physical intensity of our energy portfolio decreased 15% compared to our 2019 baseline. 
We saw a further 8% decrease compared to baseline in 2024. Much of this decrease is due to client performance. 
Industry efforts in recent years have been focused on implementing energy efficiency measures, introducing renewable 
energy
 at facilities, such as gas compressors, and reducing emissions from methane release and flaring. Some of the 
changes are also due to shifts in portfolio composition. Lastly, we have enhanced our data quality and methodology, 
allowing for the carbon capture, biofuels and renewables developed by clients to reduce their (and our) overall intensity. 
For Scope 3, 2023 and 2024 show only modest decreases in emissions intensity compared to our 2019 baseline. While 
many
 oil and gas clients are producing clean energy of one type or another, the scale is not yet sufficient to substantially 
reduce our overall portfolio intensity. End use decarbonization strategies in the energy sector have largely bifurcated into 
two main approaches: 1) the “clean electrons” approach, which focuses on transitioning from traditional emission-
intensive fuels to clean electricity, and 2) the “clean molecules” approach, which focuses on the generation of alternatives 
to petroleum products (biofuels, hydrogen and carbon capture). The clean electrons approach has historically 
predominated, while the clean molecules approach has gained momentum as technology has improved. 
Iron and steel 
The 2023 physical intensity of our steel portfolio decreased 21% compared to the 2021 baseline, largely due to changes 
in client performance. Steel is another sector where our exposure is most concentrated on a few large clients, and our 
biggest clients have reduced their intensity over time. One notable high-intensity client also exited the portfolio in this 
timeframe. In 2024, changes in exposure resulted in a modest increase in our portfolio intensity compared to 2023. 
Emissions from iron and steel manufacturing largely come from the combustion of fuel. Our clients’ decarbonization 
focus areas in this sector include replacement of blast furnaces with electric arc furnaces, alternative methods of iron ore 
reduction and carbon capture initiatives. 
Maritime shipping 
The 2024 portfolio weighted average alignment score for maritime shipping against the minimum IMO trajectory 
decreased five percentage points from 19% in 2023. The 2024 portfolio weighted average alignment score against the 
striving IMO trajectory decreased by three percentage points from 24% in 2023. Alignment improvements were the 
result of improved annual efficiency ratios (AERs) of multiple ships within our portfolio. 
Power generation 
Due to the integration of a new asset class, project finance (including tax equity), we have updated the baseline for the 
power portfolio to 2022. The 2023 physical intensity decreased 5% compared to the 2022 baseline due in part to 
increased investment in renewable energy projects. The 2024 physical intensity increased 8% compared to the 2022 
baseline due in part to increased share of financing to clients with higher emitting power generation. The power sector is 
already facing headwinds, with global electricity demand expected to rise in the near-term, on average by 3.94% annually 
through 2027, according to the IEA10. Power sector decarbonization also has key interdependencies with other sectors. 
For instance, with electrification of the auto sector, demand for power will increase. Power sector decarbonization 
strategies are among the most economically viable, deployable and highest impact solutions that are currently available 
across any economic sector. There has already been significant progress and investment in clean energy continues to 
grow. Our investment in renewable energy projects has driven our power portfolio intensity down compared to past 
reporting years as a result of including project finance. 
10 Source: IEA Electricity 2025 report. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 35

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Table 3: Exposure, data quality and economic intensity11
Committed commercial credit loan exposure Utilized commercial credit loan exposure Data quality score Economic intensity 
(tCO2e/millions $) Exposure  (millions $) % of total exposure Exposure (millions $) % of total exposure 
Sector Subsector boundaries Emission scopes 
included 2024  
Auto Light-duty passenger car 
and 
truck manufacturers 
1 and 2 
$4,398 0.34% $945 0.13% 
2 
734 Auto Light-duty passenger car 
and truck
 manufacturers 
3.11 
$4,398 0.34% $945 0.13% 
2 
734 
Aviation Commercial aviation 1 $5,898 0.46% $4,421 0.60% 2.8 848 
Cement Cement manufacturing 1 and 2 $2,415 0.19% $585 0.08% 2.3 2,865 
Energy 
Upstream
 oil and gas 
producers, refiners and 
integrated companies 
1 and 2 
$19,659 1.53%
 $6,222 0.84% 
2.7 
2,936 
Energy
 
Upstream oil and gas 
producers, refiners and 
integrated companies 3.11 
$19,659 1.53% $6,222 0.84% 
3.3 
2,936 
Energy 
Other oil and gas 
companies 1  and 2 $13,183 1.02% $4,568 0.62% 3.7 462 
Iron and steel Crude steel production 1 and 2 $2,935 0.23% $1,132 0.15% 2.3 1,959 
Maritime shipping Vessel-level commercial 
shipping 1  $3,762 0.29% N/A N/A 2 N/A 
Power generation Power generation 1 $44,246 3.44% $21,253 2.87% 2.6 193 
11 We utilize the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials guidance to calculate economic intensity and data quality score. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 36

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
ENVIRONMENTAL OPERATIONS AND SUPPLY CHAIN 
Minimizing environmental impacts in our operations and supply chain is key to operating our company sustainably, and helps enable us to share our expertise and best practices with clients. To achieve our operations and supply chain goals, we take 
deliberate steps to help limit the emissions associated with a range of activities, including, but not limited to, the facilities we own and operate, purchase of goods and services from our suppliers and our employees’ business travel. We employ 
responsible natural resource management, which includes efforts to improve energy efficiency, expand renewable energy procurement and reduce water consumption. More information on these topics can be found in the Sustainability Approach 
section. 
Our GHG emissions reduction progress and suite of operational and supply chain goals can be found below; above in the Sustainability Approach section, as well as in our CDP Corporate Questionnaire response, located at www.bankofamerica.com. We 
recognize
 that fully achieving net zero in our operations and supply chain, across all relevant emission scopes, involves additional efforts that we have just begun to explore. This includes evaluating the success of piloting new, innovative technologies 
to address emissions in our real estate and data center portfolios. Learnings from our experiences will further help us assist our clients as they transition and help us better understand challenges that we and others may encounter. We continue to 
track and manage the environmental impacts of our operations and supply chain and refine our methodology in an effort to accurately collect and report on these data. Progress toward our operations and supply chain 2030 targets is shown below, 
along with our full environmental operations dataset. Related assurance statements can be found on bankofamerica.com/sustainabilityreports. 
Goal (2010 baseline) Units 2022 2023 2024 2030 Target 
GHG/Energy 
Maintain carbon neutrality for operations (Scopes 1 and 2) % reduction 100% 100% 100% Carbon Neutral 
Reduce location-based GHG emissions by 75% (Scopes 1 and 2) % reduction 61% 62% 62% 75% 
Reduce energy use % reduction 44% 45% 45% 55% 
Purchase electricity from zero-carbon sources % renewable 101% 104% 102% 100% 
Green building 
LEED® certification (or comparable) in owned and leased space % certified 26% 32% 33% 40% 
Water 
Reduce potable water use % reduction 51% 55% 55% 55% 
Waste (2011 baseline) 
Divert C&D waste from the landfill % diversion 74% 76% 76% 75% 
Dispose of electronic waste using certified responsible suppliers % disposed 99.61% 99.98% 100.00% 100% 
Paper 
Paper from certified sources % from certified sources 98.7% 98.2% 98.3% 100% 
Supplier engagement 
Assess global suppliers, for risks as outlined by our company’s Supplier Expectations (by current year spend) % of spend 78% 86% 89% 90% 
Encourage global suppliers to set GHG emissions reduction or renewable energy targets (by previous year spend) % of spend 63% 70% 76% 70% 
SA
F - goal announced in 2022 
Mobilize $2B in sustainable finance to produce SAF and other low-carbon aviation solutions $ USD (B) (cumulative) $0.00 $0.20 $0.35 $2 
Support production and use of 1B gallons of SAF by 2030 # of gallons (M) (cumulative) 1.0 3.84 6.94 1,000 
Utilize SAF for at least 20% of total annual corporate and commercial jet fuel usage % of jet fuel usage 13% 31% 33% 20% 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 37

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
The table below presents Bank of America’s GHG emissions data for 2010 (the baseline) as well as for the three most current years of data, covering Scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Our inventory uses methodology established by the GHG Protocol and 
guidance from the U.S. EPA. All of the environmental metrics we disclose in the following pages undergo internal review, controls and governance and several undergo third-party verification each year (see bankofamerica.com/sustainabilityreports). 
GHG emissions Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Scope
 1 and location-based Scope 2 emissions 
Scope 1 direct emissions Metric tons CO2e 106,870 66,775 68,050 65,763 
Location-based Scope 2 indirect emissions Metric tons CO2e 1,678,547 634,510 610,013 617,413 
Total Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 emissions Metric tons CO2e 1,785,417 701,285 678,063 683,176 
Reduction in total Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 emissions Percent decrease from base year Not applicable 61% 62% 62% 
Scope
 1 and market-based Scope 2 emissions 
Scope 1 direct emissions Metric tons CO2e 106,870 66,775 68,050 65,763 
Market-based Scope 2 indirect emissions Metric tons CO2e 1,644,068 17,794 17,736 16,587 
Total gross Scope 1 and market-based Scope 2 emissions Metric tons CO2e 1,750,939 84,569 85,786 82,350 
Carbon credits retired* Metric tons CO2e 0 84,569 85,786 82,350 
Total net Scope 1 and market-based Scope 2 emissions Metric tons CO2e 1,750,939 0 0 0 
Reduction in total net Scope 1 and market-based Scope 2 emissions Percent decrease from base year Not applicable 100% 100% 100% 
Scope 3 indirect emissions 
Category 1 - Purchased goods and services Metric tons CO2e Not available 1,571,077 1,722,654 1,625,076 
Category 2 - Capital goods Metric tons CO2e Not available 47,621 48,570 35,375 
Category 3 - Fuel and energy-related activities Metric tons CO2e 341,783 164,599 168,018 150,799 
Category 4 - Upstream transportation and distribution Metric tons CO2e 243,881 176,322 152,752 147,437 
Category 5 - Waste (traditional disposal) Metric tons CO2e Not available 18,826 18,406 19,090 
Category 6 - Business travel Metric tons CO2e 189,977 82,583 92,818 96,359 
- Business Travel Carbon Credits Retired Metric tons CO2e 0 80,172 92,819 96,359 
- Total Net Scope 3 Business Travel Emissions Metric tons CO2e 189,977 2,411 0 0 
Category 7 - Employee commuting Metric tons CO2e 675,193 250,783 355,974 314,706 
Category 8 - Upstream leased assets Metric tons CO2e Not relevant Not relevant Not relevant Not relevant 
Category 9 - Downstream transportation and distribution Metric tons CO2e Not available 1,000,000 1,000,000 1,000,000 
Category 10 - Processing of sold products Metric tons CO2e Not relevant Not relevant Not relevant Not relevant 
Category 11 - Use of sold products Metric tons CO2e Not available 2,000 2,000 2,000 
Category 12 - End of life treatment of sold products Metric tons CO2e Not available 11,000 10,000 10,000 
Category 13 - Downstream leased assets Metric tons CO2e Not relevant Not relevant Not relevant Not relevant 
Category 14 - Franchises Metric tons CO2e Not relevant Not relevant Not relevant Not relevant 
Category 15 - Investments** Metric tons CO2e See Financing Activity in the Metrics and Targets section 
METHODOLOGY 
We follow the World Resources Institute (WRI) and World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard to calculate Scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions. We use an operational control approach to define our boundary. The base year for emissions 
reductions is 2010; the rationale for choosing 2010 as the base year is that 2010 is the earliest year with comprehensive data. Scopes 1 and 2 calculations are based on site-specific data for fuel consumed and utilities purchased, applying published emissions factors and AR5 global warming potentials (GWPs). Scope 3 
calculations are based on data for the relevant activity, applying published emissions factors and GWPs. Where actual data is not available, estimates are made based on actual data collected in prior years. The gases included in the calculation of Scopes 1, 2 and 3 emissions are Carbon Dioxide (CO2), Methane (CH4), Nitrous 
Oxide (N2O) and Hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs). Our market-based GHG emissions include the impact of RECs purchased in the U.S., Renewable Energy Guarantees of Origin (REGOs) purchased in the U.K., Guarantees of Origin (GOs) purchased in Europe, Non-Fossil Certificates (NFCs) purchased for Japan and International 
RECs (I-RECs). All U.S. RECs purchased by Bank of America are Green-e certified. Emissions reflect supplier-specific emission rates where available, all of which comply with Scope 2 Guidance criteria. Emissions reflect residual mix factors for European facilities. Residual mix factors are not currently available for facilities 
outside of Europe. Location-based emission factors are used to quantify electricity-related Scope 3 emissions. Emissions are recalculated back to the base year when a change to a prior inventory would result in a change in emissions of 0.5% or greater. All previous years’ figures in this table remain unchanged since the 
last published report in 2024. 
* In 2024, retired carbon credits were equivalent to 12% of the total Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 emissions. This can be calculated by dividing the number of carbon credits retired (82,350 metric tons CO2e) by the total Scope 1 and location-based Scope 2 emissions (683,176 metric tons CO2e). 
Carbon credit retirements are subtracted from gross Scope 1 and market-based Scope 2 emissions, resulting in net Scope 1 and market-based Scope 2 emissions of zero. Numbers may not sum exactly due to rounding. 
** Relevant financed emissions figures are detailed previously in the Financing Activity section. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 38

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
GHG emissions by region Units 
2024
 Gross location-based emissions 2024 Gross market-based emissions 
Scope 
1 direct 
emissions 
Scope 2 
indirect
 
emissions 
Total 
Scopes
 1 and 
2 emissions 
Scope 
1
 direct 
emissions 
Scope 2 
indirect
 
emissions 
Total 
Scopes
 1 and 
2 emissions 
U.S. and Canada Metric tons CO2e 62,095 485,498 547,592 62,095 4,190 66,284 
Asia Pacific Metric tons CO2e 838 110,470 111,308 838 12,162 13,000 
Europe, Middle East and Africa Metric tons CO2e 2,783 20,141 22,924 2,783 235 3,018 
Latin America Metric tons CO2e 48 1,304 1,351 48 0 48 
GHG emissions by country 
United States Metric tons CO2e 61,981 485,364 547,345 61,981 4,190 66,171 
India Metric tons CO2e 511 81,455 81,965 511 355 866 
United Kingdom Metric tons CO2e 1,925 17,337 19,261 1,925 0 1,925 
China Metric tons CO2e 87 9,231 9,318 87 267 354 
Singapore Metric tons CO2e 40 7,303 7,343 40 7,303 7,343 
Japan Metric tons CO2e 54 5,683 5,736 54 0 54 
Australia Metric tons CO2e 14 1,970 1,984 14 1,028 1,042 
Taiwan Metric tons CO2e 20 1,916 1,936 20 1,916 1,936 
South Korea Metric tons CO2e 65 1,270 1,335 65 1,270 1,335 
Ireland Metric tons CO2e 558 647 1,205 558 0 558 
Rest of World Metric tons CO2e 508 5,238 5,746 508 257 765 
Carbon credit reporting Units 2022 2023 2024 
Total carbon credits retired 
Total carbon credits retired Metric tons CO2e 164,741 178,605 178,709 
Carbon credits retired by type of credit 
Avoidance carbon credits retired Metric tons CO2e 94,140 100,806 102,340 
Removal carbon credits retired Metric tons CO2e 70,601 77,799 76,369 
Total carbon credits retired Metric tons CO2e 164,741 178,605 178,709 
Carbon credits retired by scope applied to 
Scopes 1 and 2 Metric tons CO2e 84,569 85,786 82,350 
Scope 3 Business Travel Metric tons CO2e 80,172 92,819 96,359 
Total carbon credits retired Metric tons CO2e 164,741 178,605 178,709 
METHODOLOGY 
Credits are sourced from a variety of projects: Uberlandia I and II Landfill Gas Project in Brazil, Bondhu Chula Cookstoves and Gas Distribution Leak Reduction in Bangladesh, India Green Bricks for Residential and Commercial Buildings in India, Northern Kenya Grasslands in Kenya, Advanced Refrigeration in the United 
States, Delta Blue Carbon in Pakistan, Ciudad Juarez Landfill Gas in Mexico, Comunidad San Jeronimo Coatlan in Mexico, Indigo Soil Carbon in the United States, Clean Ethanol in Kenya and Bonos Comunitarios CO2-El Naranjal in Mexico.Table represents sum of all carbon credits retired per year, which addresses Scope 1, 
market-based Scopes 2 and 3 business travel emissions. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 39

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Facilities Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
LEED®
 (or comparable) certifications 
Net square feet 12,537,553 18,398,417 21,157,019 21,423,471 
LEED® (or comparable) certifications Percent of total 
square
 footage 10% 26% 32% 33% 
Land use Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Land
 use and ecological sensitivity – U.S. 
Sites that intersected with areas 
protected for biodiversity Not available 13 13 8 
Land use and ecological sensitivity – U.S. 
Area of buildings 
(square
 meters) Not available 7,500 7,500 6,580 
METHODOLOGY 
For the World Economic Forum’s International Business Council (WEF’s IBC) - land use and ecological sensitivity metric, Bank of America only includes U.S. sites in this analysis as U.S. sites make up the majority of Bank of America's real estate footprint. All U.S. sites, with a 100-ft buffer, were overlaid on the U.S. Geological 
Survey's Protected Areas Database (PADUS) to understand intersection with protected areas. The types of buildings that intersect with protected areas are owned and leased office buildings, banking centers, warehouses and ATMs. 
Water Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Total
 water withdrawals U.S. gallons (B) 3.54 1.76 1.61 1.59 Total water withdrawals Megaliters 13,410 6,672 6,089 6,019 
Total
 potable water withdrawals U.S. gallons (B) 3.52 1.72 1.57 1.57 Total potable water withdrawals Megaliters 13,331 6,498 5,952 5,943 
Reduction in potable water withdrawals % decrease from base year Not applicable 51% 55% 55% 
Water
 withdrawals by source – Third-Party (municipal) Megaliters 13,410 6,536 6,001 5,975 Water withdrawals by source – Third-Party (municipal) % withdrawals 100% 98.0% 98.6% 99.3% 
Water
 withdrawals by source – Surface Water (rainwater) Megaliters Not available 136 88 45 Water withdrawals by source – Surface Water (rainwater) % withdrawals Not available 2.0% 1.4% 0.7% 
Total
 water consumption U.S. gallons (B) 0.57 0.40 0.36 0.37 Total water consumption Megaliters 2,149 1,518 1,379 1,407 
Estimated annual savings from water reduction projects U.S. thousand gallons (K) Not available 2,813 33,572 10,354 
Third-party
 withdrawals and consumption from regions with high or extremely high 
baseline water stress 
Megaliters withdrawals 
Not
 available 
2,718 3,299 3,242 
Third-party
 withdrawals and consumption from regions with high or extremely high 
baseline water stress 
Megaliters consumption Not
 available 719 778 746 Third-party
 withdrawals and consumption from regions with high or extremely high 
baseline water stress % withdrawals Not
 available 42% 55% 54% 
Third-party withdrawals and consumption from regions with high or extremely high 
baseline
 water stress 
% consumption 
Not available 
47% 56% 53% 
METHODOLOGY 
Data for water withdrawals are sourced from utility bills where possible. Where utility bills are not available (such as in a leased property), we estimate based on internal estimation intensities by building type. These estimation intensities are calculated annually based on actual data. We use the same boundary in calculating 
water withdrawals as in our GHG emissions calculations. Water is withdrawn from municipal sources (except for a small amount of rainwater) and discharged to municipal sewer systems. Water consumption is equal to water used for irrigation. Data for groundwater and rainwater are sourced from meter readings for the 
systems in place. Potable water is defined as water treated to levels that meet state and federal standards for consumption. For Bank of America, this includes all water except gray water used for irrigation, untreated groundwater and reclaimed water. Water values are recalculated back to the base year when a change to a 
prior inventory would result in a change in water values of 0.5% or greater. Therefore, prior year values shown in the current year of this document may not match the values published in prior reports. Baseline water stress is determined according to the World Resources Institute Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas tool. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 40

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Waste Units Disposal method 2011 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
E-waste disposed through certified suppliers* Percent certified 67.99% 99.61% 99.98% 100.00% 
Non-hazardous
 waste (office, confidential, 
C&D, electronic and other)* 
Metric tons Landfill and incineration 60,370 35,315 29,249 30,910 
Non-hazardous
 waste (office, confidential, 
C&D, electronic and other)* Metric tons Recycling, compost and 
remarketing
 68,217 51,524 56,616 54,853 Non-hazardous waste (office, confidential, 
C&D,
 electronic and other)* 
Diversion rate 53% 59% 66% 64% 
Hazardous
 waste 
Metric tons Landfill and incineration 3 0.005 — 0.025 
Hazardous
 waste Metric tons Recycling, reuse and salvage 334 884 1,176 765 Hazardous waste 
Diversion rate 99.24% 99.99% 100.00% 99.99% 
C&D
 waste 
Metric tons Landfill and incineration 12,523 6,393 3,745 5,359 
C&D
 waste Metric tons Recycling, reuse and salvage 18,046 18,409 11,817 17,247 C&D waste 
Diversion rate 59% 74% 76% 76% 
Total
 waste 
Metric tons Landfill and incineration 60,373 35,315 29,249 30,910 
Total
 waste 
Metric tons Recycling and other diversion 68,551 52,408 57,792 55,618 
Total
 waste Metric tons Total waste 128,924 87,723 87,040 86,528 Total
 waste Waste to landfill percent 
decrease from base year Not applicable 42% 52% 49% 
Total waste 
Diversion rate 53% 60% 66% 64% 
METHODOLOGY 
The base year for waste data is 2011. Data are sourced where possible from suppliers that provide waste removal services. Where weight data are not available (such as in a leased property), we estimate based on internal intensities by building type, which were developed using actual data. We use the same boundary in 
calculating waste as in our GHG emissions calculations. The waste disposal method was determined from data provided by the waste suppliers. Numbers may not sum exactly due to rounding. Regulated waste is reported on a 1-year lag, so the 2024 waste data includes regulated waste from 2023. Waste values are 
recalculated back to the base year when a change to a prior inventory would result in a change in waste values of 0.5% or greater. Therefore, prior year values shown in the current year of this document may not match the values published in prior reports. 
Renewable
 material usage - Paper Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Total
 Usage 
Metric tons 65,501 31,734 28,952 25,719 
Total
 Usage Percent decrease from base year Not applicable 52% 56% 61% Total
 Usage Percent recycled input materials by weight 8% 14% 20% 15% Total Usage 
Percent certified input materials by weight Not applicable 98.7% 98.2% 98.3% 
METHODOLOGY 
Paper is purchased from external suppliers. Data are sourced from direct measurements based on invoices from our paper suppliers. Purchased paper includes copy paper, commercial paper, paper office supplies and janitorial paper. In 2021, janitorial paper was added to the 2030 goal of procuring 100% certified 
sustainable paper products. We define certified sustainable paper products as those that meet widely recognized third-party forest certification standards that protect and promote high conservation value forests. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 41

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Supplier engagement Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Suppliers invited to CDP Supply Chain # of suppliers 89 242 354 375 
Response rate to our CDP Supply Chain information requests % responded 84% 92% 87% 91% 
Spend with suppliers who report GHG or renewable energy targets % of previous year spend Not available 63% 70% 76% 
Spend with suppliers assessed for risks as outlined by our Supplier Expectations % of current year spend Not available 78% 86% 89% 
Transportation Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Bank of America supported SAF production and use # of cumulative gallons (M) Not available 1.0 3.84 6.94 
SAF for annual corporate and commercial jet fuel usage % Not available 13% 31% 33% 
Sustainable finance investment for the production of SAF Cumulative $ (B) Not available $0.00 $0.20 $0.35 
METHODOLOGY 
In 2022, we announced 2030 SAF goals. These goals are to deploy and mobilize $2 billion in financing to support the production and use of one billion gallons of SAF and to utilize 20% SAF across our corporate and commercial jet fuel usage, including 100% of corporate jet usage and a significant portion of commercial 
jet fuel usage. The 2022 cumulative gallons data point is being restated in the 2025 report due to rounding; it was previously reported as 1.0. 
NOx, SOx, and other significant air emissions from direct combustion Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Sulfur Oxides (SOx) Metric tons 17 2 2 1 
Nitrogen Oxides (NOx) Metric tons 44 20 19 16 
Carbon Monoxide (CO) Metric tons 56 28 26 23 
Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) Metric tons 7 2 2 2 
Particulate Matter (PM) Metric tons 4 3 3 2 
Ozone-depleting substances (R-11, R-12, R-123, R-12B1, R-13B1, R-22 and R-501) Metric tons CFC-11e 3 2 2 2 
Impact of air pollution $ USD Not available 143,000 138,000 113,000 
METHODOLOGY 
Data are sourced from the Scopes 1 and 2 inventory and records kept through our compliance program. Significant air emissions are calculated based on site-specific data and published emission factors. We use the same boundary in calculating these air emissions as in our GHG emissions calculations. The impact of air 
pollution (SOx, NOx, CO, VOCs and PM) is calculated using social cost factors of each pollutant as reported in the World Resources Institute’s Transport Emissions and Social Cost Assessment Tool v 1.0. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 42

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Direct and indirect energy consumption Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Electricity Gigajoules 11,889,018 6,487,212 6,382,669 6,576,907 
Other indirect (purchased steam and cooling) Gigajoules 200,907 135,465 123,028 114,032 
Natural gas Gigajoules 1,488,556 762,855 721,683 640,398 
Other direct (fuel oil, jet fuel, gasoline, diesel fuel, propane) Gigajoules 337,952 350,139 377,115 379,294 
Total energy Gigajoules 13,916,433 7,735,671 7,604,496 7,710,631 
Reduction in total energy % decrease from base year Not applicable 44% 45% 45% 
METHODOLOGY 
Data are sourced from utility bills where possible. Where utility bills are not available (such as in some leased properties), we estimate based on internal estimation intensities by building type. These estimation intensities are calculated annually based on actual data. We use the same boundary in calculating energy 
consumption as in our GHG emissions calculations. See the “REDUCTIONS IN GHG EMISSIONS AND ENERGY CONSUMPTION” table for gigajoules saved by energy reduction initiatives. 
Electricity from renewable sources Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Electricity consumption MWh 3,302,505 1,802,003 1,772,964 1,826,919 
Total renewable electricity procured MWh 39,598 1,820,673 1,850,251 1,869,208 
% of electricity from renewable sources % of electricity 1% 101% 104% 102% 
METHODOLOGY 
Bank of America adheres to certification, geography, technology and project age standards when purchasing the following Energy Attribute Certificates (EACs): RECs, REGOs, GOs, J-Credits, NFCs, PowerPlus and I-RECS. 
Reductions in greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Projected annual emissions savings from reduction initiatives Metric tons CO2e Not available 3,311 5,599 3,542 
Projected annual savings from energy efficiency measures Gigajoules Not available 35,687 62,247 38,966 
METHODOLOGY 
Data are sourced from records kept by Global Real Estate Services, which records each project undertaken and relevant details, including project annual electricity or fuel savings. Reductions in GHG emissions and energy consumption is estimated based on projections of project performance. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 43

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Compliance Units 2010 (baseline) 2022 2023 2024 
Non-compliance
 with environmental regulations 
Value of monetary fines in $ USD $23,854 $500 $0 $0 
Non-compliance with environmental regulations 
Non-monetary violations 9 2 4 1 
Significant
 releases 
# of releases 2 5 15 1 
Significant
 releases Volume – U.S. gallons (petroleum products) 3 8 37 0 Significant releases 
Amount - pounds (refrigerants/fire 
suppressants)
 0 823 3,536 114 
METHODOLOGY 
Data are sourced from our compliance management system, in which we record all instances of non-compliance with environmental regulations and spills and spend with select third-party suppliers on environmental protection and compliance. 
Project
 Finance transactions - Sectors Category A Category B Category C 
POWER (Total) 32 4 
Battery Energy Storage Systems (BESS) 3 (2, U.S.; 1, Chile) 4, U.S. 
Solar 27 (25, U.S.; 1, India; 1, Chile) 
Wind 2, U.S. 
MINING (Total) 1 
Non-ferrous Metals (Lithium mining) 1, Argentina 
OTHER (Total) 1 1 
Carbon Capture 1, U.K. 
EV Manufacturing 1, U.S. 
TOTAL PROJECTS (By Category) 2 33 4 
Total projects evaluated and closed in 2024 39 
METHODOLOGY / BACKGROUND 
Bank of America conducts due diligence on construction projects we fund to manage unique E&S risks attributable to project finance, informed by internationally recognized standards and frameworks, such as those articulated by the IFC and by the World Bank. 
Projects are categorized in the following way: Category A are projects likely to have potential significant adverse social or environmental impacts that are diverse, irreversible or unprecedented; Category B are projects likely to have potential limited adverse social or environmental impacts that are few in number, generally 
site
-specific, largely reversible and readily addressed through mitigation measures; Category C are projects likely to have minimal or no social or environmental impacts. Designated Countries are Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) member countries on the World Bank High Income Country 
list and Non-designated are all other countries not meeting those two criteria. In addition, within the above dataset, Mexico is considered part of Latin America. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 44

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
SUPPORTING THE COMMUNITIES WE SERVE 
Community development advances sustainable progress in the communities we serve. All metrics disclosed in this document undergo internal review, controls and governance12. 
Economic development Units 2024 
Small business loans extended to communities classified as LMI $ 7,399,379,000 
New credit extended to small business owners $ 9,882,000,000 
Small business portfolio lending amount $ (millions) 45,500 
Small business clients # 11,363,000 
Financial and digital inclusion Units 2024 
Consumer demand deposit accounts (DDAs) opened that were SafeBalance 
Banking
 accounts # (thousands) 7,472 
Percentage of DDAs opened in 2024 that are SafeBalance accounts % 63% 
Branches located in LMI geographies % 29% 
Mobile banking users added # (thousands) 2,031 
Total mobile banking users # (thousands) 39,958 
Affordable housing Units 2024 
Debt and equity financing as part of CDB program $ (millions) $7,796 
First time homebuyers % 52% 
First time mortgage customers who were from LMI communities % 37% 
Home equity lines of credit extended to LMI communities $ (millions) 1,585 
First mortgage LMI customers # 10,310 
First mortgages issued to U.S. homeowners # 28,259 
Individuals and families supported with affordable home lending, down 
payment
 and closing cost grants (since 2019) # 50,745 
Affordable home lending since 2019 $ (billions) 13.3 
Down payment and closing cost grants (to date since 2019) $ (millions) $529.9 
First mortgages amount issued to U.S. homeowners $ (billions) 21.1 
First mortgage amount extended to LMI customers $ (billions) 3.2 
Housing, health care and education Units 2024 
CDFI portfolio (approximate size) $ (billions) $2 
12 Data figures on this page may be rounded or shortened, which indicates that actual values are higher than disclosed here. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 45

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
INDEXES 
IN THIS SECTION: 
GRI................................................................................................47 
Transition Plan......................................................................54 
Alignment with TNFD Framework............................55 
Glossary of Terms and Acronyms.............................56 
This report was informed by the 
International
 Financial Reporting Standards 
(IFRS) International Sustainability 
Standards Board (ISSB) S2 framework. An 
ISSB index with more details can be found 
on bankofamerica.com/issb. 
The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Index 
in
 this report has been prepared in 
reference to the GRI Universal Standards. 
New this year, we added an index for the 
TNFD,
 for which we are an early adopter. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 46

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
GLOBAL REPORTING INITIATIVE INDEX 
Bank of America has reported the information cited in this GRI content index for the period January 1 - December 1, 2025 in reference to GRI Standards where available and as applicable. Note: data values are as of December 31, 2024 but certain 
document references include materials updated in 2025. 
Disclosure Response 
2-1 Organizational details • Direct Response: Bank of America Corporation Certificate of Incorporation 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Corporate Information; p. 220 
2-2 Entities included in the organization’s sustainability 
reporting 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders 
• Bank of America Affiliate Companies 
2-3 Reporting period, frequency and contact point • Direct Response: Questions regarding the content in this publication should be directed to GCO_info@bofa.com 
• Title; p. 1 
• Cautionary Information; p. 3 
• Making an Impact, Find Resources 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders 
2-4 Restatements of information • Direct Response: Restatements are clearly marked throughout our reporting content. 
2-5 External assurance • Direct Response: Assurance statements applicable to this publication, which were shared with the RGC and RG DC, can be found on bankofamerica.com/sustainabilityreports. External 
assurance statements applicable to other reports, including past reports, can be found on the Report Center. 
2-6 Activities, value chain and other business relationships • 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders 
2-7 Employees • Direct Response: See the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Human Capital update (p. 43-53) and Stakeholder Capitalism metrics (p. 56) for demographic information on our 
employees. At this time, our company does not disclose the regions in which employees (full-time, part-time or non-guaranteed hourly) operate. However, we do report on hires and 
turnover by region. 
2-8 Workers who are not employees • Omission Statement: Our company does not publicly disclose details on our contractors nor the work they perform. Reason for Omission: Information Unavailable/Incomplete 
2-9 Governance structure and composition • Governance; p. 28 
• Bank of America investor relations, Corporate governance, management team, directors and board committee on investor.bankofamerica.com 
2-10 Nomination and selection of the highest governance 
body 
• Direct Response: Our Board of Directors seeks directors whose complementary knowledge, experience and skills provide a broad range of perspectives and leadership expertise in 
financial services and other global, highly complex and regulated industries, strategic planning and business development, business operations, marketing and distribution, technology, 
cybersecurity, risk management and financial controls, human capital management, corporate governance, public policy and other areas important to our company’s 
strategy and oversight. Additional information is available in our 2025 Proxy Statement; p. 7. 
2-11 Chair of the highest governance body • Direct Response: Brian T. Moynihan is the Chair of our Board and the Chief Executive Officer of Bank of America. See the 2025 Proxy Statement, Corporate Governance; p. 25-26. 
2-12 Role of the highest governance body in overseeing the 
management of impacts 
• Direct Response: The Board oversees our company’s strategy as outlined in the 2025 Proxy Statement (p. 24). More information specific to the governance of climate-related impacts 
can be found in the Governance section of this report starting on p. 28. 
2-13 Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts • Direct Response: The Board oversees our company’s strategy as outlined in the 2025 Proxy Statement. More information specific to the governance of climate-related impacts can be 
found in the Governance section starting on p. 28.
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 47

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Disclosure Response 
2-14 Role of the highest governance body in sustainability 
reporting 
• Governance; p. 28 
• 2025 Proxy Statement; p. 38 
2-15 Conflicts of interest • Direct Response: Our company's Code of Conduct guides on conflicts of interest 
• 2025 Proxy Statement, Governance objectives; p. 4 
2-16 Communication of critical concerns • 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Applicable concerns would be listed in Note 12 
• Code of Conduct, We honor our Code; p. 10 
2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest governance body • 2025 Proxy Statement, Director Overview; p. 9-23 and Director Education; p. 29 
2-18 Evaluation of the performance of the highest 
governance
 body 
• 2025 Proxy Statement, Board Evaluation; p. 27 
2-19 Remuneration policies • 2025 Proxy Statement; p. 39-40 
• Working here, Being a great place to work, Recognizing and rewarding performance 
2-20 Process to determine remuneration • Working here, Being a great place to work, Recognizing and rewarding performance 
• 2025 Proxy Statement, Global Compensation and Risk Management; p. 33-35 
• Direct Response: The Compensation and Human Capital Committee is committed to a compensation governance structure that effectively contributes to our company’s overall risk 
management
 policies. 
2-21 Annual total compensation ratio • 2025 Proxy Statement, CEO Pay Ratio; p. 77 
2-22 Statement on sustainable development strategy, policy 
commitments
 and goals 
• Message from the CEO; p. 4 
• Sustainability Approach; p. 5 
• Metrics and Targets; p. 31 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, A Letter from Chair and CEO Brian Moynihan; p. 2 
2-23 Policy commitments • Direct Response: We apply the precautionary approach to identifying and addressing longer-term social and environmental issues that may impact our business, clients and 
communities,
 including global climate change, human rights and responsible business conduct. Our commitment to specific policies, industry best practices and collaboration with 
external experts helps to inform our risk assessments in this area. 
• Our company, Responsible Growth 
• Code of Conduct, We are making an impact; p. 35 
• Supplier Expectations 
• Human Rights Statement 
2-24 Embedding policy commitments • Risk; p. 22 
• Our company, Responsible Growth 
• Code of Conduct 
• Supplier Expectations 
• Human Rights Statement 
2-25 Processes to remediate negative impacts • Direct Response: We encourage our employees and supplier employees to speak up, without retaliation, about any concerns they may have, including through our grievance channels. 
Through
 our Ethics and Compliance Hotline, our employees and our supplier employees can report complaints or possible violations regarding ethical issues or other inappropriate activity, 
including adverse impacts on human rights. For additional information, see the Code of Conduct. 
2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns • Code of Conduct 
2-27 Compliance with laws and regulations • 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders; Note 12 as applicable
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 48

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Disclosure Response 
2-28 Membership associations • External Engagement; p. 20 
• Direct Response: Information is available on our Investor Relations website. 
2-29 Approach to stakeholder engagement • Sustainability Topics; p. 61 
• 2025 Proxy Statement, Shareholder Engagement; p. 36-37 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics; p. 58 
• Direct Response: In 2024, more than 13 million customers/prospects participated in customer and client satisfaction surveys 
2-30 Collective bargaining agreements • Direct Response: No U.S.-based employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. 
3-1 Process to determine material topics • Governance; p. 28 
• Sustainability Topics; p. 61 
• Making an impact, Report Center 
3-2 List of material topics • Sustainability Topics; p. 61 
3-3 Management of material topics • Sustainability Topics; p. 61 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders 
• 2025 Proxy Statement; p. 24 and 29 
201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed • 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders 
201-2 Financial implications and other risks and 
opportunities
 due to climate change 
• Risk; p. 22 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders 
201-3 Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement 
plans 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Human Capital Management section (p. 45) and Note 17 Employee Benefit Plans, Pension and Postretirement Plans (p. 188). 
201-4 Financial assistance received from government • Direct Response: Bank of America did not benefit from any direct capital or liquidity assistance from the U.S. government in 2024. 
202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by gender 
compared
 to local minimum wage 
• Direct Response: We met a commitment to raise our minimum hourly wage to $25 by 2025. Currently, our company pays a minimum hourly wage of $25, which exceeds the federal 
minimum
 ($7.25). 
• Omission Statement: Our company does not report on entry level nor minimum wages by gender because they are standard regardless of gender. Reason for Omission: Not Applicable 
203-1 Infrastructure investments and services supported • Sustainability Approach; p. 5 
• Metrics and Targets; p. 31 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Stakeholder Capitalism metrics; p. 57-64 
204-1 Proportion of spending on local suppliers Omission Statement: Our company does not currently report on the proportion of spending on local suppliers versus non-local suppliers. Reason for Omission: Information Unavailable/ 
Incomplete
 
205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption • Direct Response: Businesses with applicable operations are analyzed for risks related to corruption. 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics; p. 57 
205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 
policies
 and procedures 
• Direct Response: All governance body members and employees are required to take training on anti-bribery and anti-corruption policies as part of Bank of America’s Code of Conduct 
training.
 More information on anti-corruption policies and training can be found in the Code of Conduct, and a breakdown of our company’s operations by region can be found on our 
website. 
205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken • Omission Statement: As applicable, incidents are disclosed in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. None occurred in this reporting period. Reason for Omission: Not applicable.
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 49

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Disclosure Response 
206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust 
and
 monopoly practices 
• Omission Statement: As applicable, incidents are disclosed in our 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. Data that is intended for limited disclosure on 
a
 need-to-know basis and where unauthorized disclosure, loss or corruption of these data elements would cause serious or high degree of damage, risk or penalties to our company, its 
customers, partners or employees, etc. Reasons for limiting disclosure include, but are not limited to, government regulations, legal or contractual agreements and competitive advantage 
for the company. Reason for Omission: Confidentiality Constraints. 
207-1 Approach to tax 
• Omission
 Statement: Data that is intended for limited disclosure on a need-to-know basis and where unauthorized disclosure, loss or corruption of these data elements would cause 
serious or high-degree of damage, reputational risk or penalties to the company, its customers, partners or employees, etc. Reasons for limiting disclosure include, but are not limited to, 
government regulations, legal or contractual agreements and competitive advantage for our company. Reason for Omission: Confidentiality Constraints 
207-2 Tax governance, control and risk management • Omission
 Statement: Data that is intended for limited disclosure on a need-to-know basis and where unauthorized disclosure, loss or corruption of these data elements would cause 
serious or high-degree of damage, reputational risk or penalties to the company, its customers, partners or employees, etc. Reasons for limiting disclosure include, but are not limited to, 
government regulations, legal or contractual agreements and competitive advantage for our company. Reason for Omission: Confidentiality Constraints 207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of 
concerns related to tax 
• Omission Statement: Data that is intended for limited disclosure on a need-to-know basis and where unauthorized disclosure, loss or corruption of these data elements would cause 
serious
 or high-degree of damage, reputational risk or penalties to the company, its customers, partners or employees, etc. Reasons for limiting disclosure include, but are not limited to, 
government regulations, legal or contractual agreements and competitive advantage for our company. Reason for Omission: Confidentiality Constraints 
207-4 Country-by-country reporting • Omission Statement: Our company reports on tax governance in most instances, but does not have the infrastructure required to record and report it in all instances. Reason for 
Omission:
 Information Unavailable/Incomplete. 
301-1 Materials used by weight or volume • Metrics and Targets; p. 41 
301-2 Recycled input materials used • Making an impact, Environmental sustainability 
• We transitioned to 80% or more recycled plastic use in credit and debit card production starting in 2023. Switching to recycled plastics for credit cards reduces GHG emissions, energy 
and
 water usage. Using recycled materials for both cards and mailers reduces pollution in waterways, oceans and landfills. For more, see newsroom.bankofamerica.com. 
302-1 Energy consumption within the organization • Metrics and Targets; p. 43 
302-4 Reduction of energy consumption • Metrics and Targets; p. 43 
303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource • Metrics and Targets; p. 40 
• Direct Response: Water is withdrawn from municipal sources (except for a small amount of rainwater) and discharged to municipal sewer systems and their associated treatment 
facilities. 
• Omission Statement: Our company has determined that any further level of granularity in water resource tracking is not significant to the business. Reason for Omission: Not Applicable. 
303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts • Direct Response: Water is withdrawn from municipal sources (except for a small amount of rainwater) and discharged to municipal sewer systems and their associated treatment 
facilities. 
• Omission Statement: Our company has determined that any further this level of granularity in water resource tracking is not significant to the business. Reason for Omission: Not 
Applicable 
303-3 Water withdrawal • Metrics and Targets; p. 40 
• Direct Response: Water is withdrawn from municipal sources (except for a small amount of rainwater) and discharged to municipal sewer systems and their associated treatment 
facilities. 
303-5 Water consumption • Metrics and Targets; p. 40 
304-1 Operational sites owned, leased, managed in, 
or
 adjacent to, protected areas and areas of high biodiversity 
value outside protected areas 
• Metrics and Targets; p. 40 
• Direct Response: None of our operational sites, whether owned or leased are in or adjacent to protected areas and/or areas of high biodiversity value.
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 50

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Disclosure Response 
304-2 Significant impacts of activities, products and services 
on biodiversity 
• Omission Statement: Based on a high-level location analysis of our interactions with nature, our direct operations do not have significant direct or indirect impacts on biodiversity. 
Reason for
 Omission: Not Applicable. 
304-3 Habitats protected or restored • Making an impact, Environmental sustainability 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics p. 59 
• Omission Statement: Due to the limited impacts from our direct operations on nature, we have not undertaken any activities to conserve or restore any habitat areas. 
Reason for
 Omission: Not Applicable. 
304-4 IUCN Red List species and national conservation list 
species with
 habitats in areas affected by operations 
• Direct Response: Based on our high-level location analysis of our interactions with nature, we have zero IUCN Red List species and national conservation list species with habitats in 
areas affected
 by the operations of the organization. 
305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions • Metrics and Targets; p. 38 
305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions • Metrics and Targets; p. 38 
305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions • Metrics and Targets; p. 38 
305-4 GHG emissions intensity • Metrics and Targets; p. 33 
305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions • Metrics and Targets; p. 38 
305-6 Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS) • Metrics and Targets; p. 42 
305-7 Nitrogen Oxides (NOx), sulfur oxides (SOx) and 
other significant
 air emissions 
• Metrics and Targets; p. 42 
306-1 Waste generation and significant waste-related 
impacts 
• Metrics and Targets; p. 41 
306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts • Metrics and Targets; p. 41 
306-3 Waste generated • Metrics and Targets; p. 41 
308-1 New suppliers that were screened using 
environmental criteria 
• Metrics and Targets; p. 37 
401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover • 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) statistics; p. 60 
• 
Omission Statement: Our company does not report new employee hires nor turnover by age group. Reason for Omission: Information Unavailable/Incomplete. 
401-2
 Benefits provided to full-time employees that 
are not
 provided to temporary or part-time employees • 2024 
Annual Report to Shareholders, Human Capital Management, Benefits overview; p. 42-45 
• Working here, Being a great place to work, Recognizing and rewarding performance 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Human Capital Management, Benefits overview; p. 42-45 
• Working here, Being a great place to work, Recognizing and rewarding performance 401-3 Parental leave 
403-1 Occupational health and safety management 
system 
•Direct Response: See the Human Capital Management section of the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders (p. 63) for information on how Bank of America supports employee safety and 
health. In
 addition, Bank of America’s Enterprise Occupational Safety and Health Policy complies with relevant statutory requirements relating to health, safety and the physical 
environment, as they affect employees, suppliers, clients and the public. Our company is committed to providing a safe working environment for its employees, customers, 
third party suppliers and any others operating within company premises or at the behest of our company. a. Our company maintains a global safety program that aligns with applicable 
laws, rules and regulations and is supplemented by regional safety and health systems that support the Bank’s policy. b. The Bank’s Safety Program covers all employees, workplaces and 
activities conducted on behalf of our company. Our company’s Safety Program incorporates the following statement: Safety is everyone’s responsibility. Supporting workplace safety 
assures your own protection and the protection of other employees, customers, contractors, suppliers and the public.
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 51

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Disclosure Response 
403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment and 
incident
 investigation 
• Direct Response: Bank of America’s Occupational Safety and Health Council advises on direction and changes of the Enterprise Occupational Safety and Health Policy. It reviews the 
safety
 and occupational health metric dashboard and corresponding action plans quarterly in line with Policy objectives and resolves issues and risks that have been escalated. a. The 
objective of the Bank of America Safety Program is to provide a safe and healthy work environment and to identify, correct and control workplace hazards and risks. Regionally based 
safety and security managers proactively assess and mitigate many situational and physical risks while also responding to workplace safety concerns escalated through our numerous 
reporting channels (24/7 Security Hotline, See Something Say Something anonymous reporting, direct engagement, etc.). Employees are advised to report workplace hazards and risks to 
an appropriate member of management, the site safety life safety manager or coordinator (if applicable), the 24/7 security hotline, Global Real Estate Services or anonymously through 
the Ethics and Compliance Hotline to provide appropriate and timely remediation. b. Bank of America’s Code of Conduct and Employee Handbook states the following: “All employees 
have
 the right to raise issues or file a workplace health or safety complaint without fear of retaliation. If you aren't comfortable speaking with your manager, contact the Ethics and 
Compliance Hotline. For anonymous and confidential online reporting regarding concerning employee behavior or hazardous workplace conditions, submit an online form through the 
EthicsPoint site.” Additionally, there are numerous Whistleblower Policies in place across the globe. 
403-3 Occupational health services • Direct Response: See the Human Capital Management section of the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders (p. 42-53) for information on how our company supports employee safety and 
health.
 In addition, our company makes health services available for all employees who require consultations and/or care related to a workplace hazard or incident, including dedicated Life 
Events Services or Employee Assistance Program resources as needed to facilitate a smooth transition back to work. Our Life Safety team facilitates the Occupational Safety and Health 
Council at a company level, ensuring multiple LOBs work together to identify and minimize risk across their functions and our global footprint. Regionally based security/safety managers 
proactively assess and mitigate many situational and physical risks while also responding to workplace safety concerns escalated through our numerous reporting channels (24/7 Security 
Hotline, See Something Say Something anonymous reporting, direct engagement, etc.). 
403-4 Worker participation, consultation and communication 
on
 occupational health and safety 
• Direct Response: Our company engages in a variety of consultation and communication activities dependent upon sizes of offices ranging from direct senior management face to face 
meetings
 through to health and safety committees and works councils at which employee representatives are attendees. Bank of America’s Occupational Safety and Health Council 
advises on direction and changes of the Enterprise Occupational Safety and Health Policy. It reviews the safety and health metric dashboard and corresponding action plans quarterly in 
line with Policy objectives and resolves issues and risks that have been escalated to the Council. See the Human Capital Management section of the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders 
(p. 42-53) for more information. 
403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety • Direct Response: Annual safety-related company training is required of all employees and is compliant with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Additionally, safety and health trainings 
are
 provided for specific work environment based on hazards/risks in accordance with laws, rules and regulations (e.g., Emergency Action Plans, Ergonomics, Machine/Equipment 
Operation). See also the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders for information on well-being-related training and other expanded resources. 
403-6 Promotion of worker health • 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Human Capital Management; p. 42-44 
• Working here, Being a great place to work, Wellness and benefits 
403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 
safety
 impacts directly linked by business relationships 
• Direct Response: Our company does not own all the buildings in which we operate. Where that is not the case, we manage safety and health risk through contractual agreements and 
relationships
 with landlords and third party suppliers to identify and resolve unfavorable safety and health conditions in the workplace. Suppliers are bound by contract to adhere to Bank 
policies and standards while performing services for or on behalf of the company and/or when on Bank premises. Customers, employees and visitors are required to adhere to all posted 
safety signage, including, but not limited to no smoking, firearms prohibitions, etc. Additional health and safety information can be found in the 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders. 
403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and safety 
management
 system 
• Direct Response: As mentioned previously, all (100% of) employees and others whose workplace may be controlled by our company are covered by Bank of America’s Enterprise Safety 
Program,
 in accordance with Bank of America’s Occupational Safety and Health (OSH) Policy and with Federal and state Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) plans, 
which is subject to regular internal audit as well as Federal OSHA and state and local safety and health agency inspections. 
404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee • 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Stakeholder Capitalism metrics; p. 63 
• Omission Statement: The company does not report this by employee category at this time. Reason for Omission: Information Unavailable/Incomplete. 
404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition 
assistance
 programs 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Human Capital Management Investing in Career Growth and Development; p. 42-53
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 52

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Disclosure Response 
405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees • 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) diversity statistics; p. 52-53 
• Omission Statement: Bank of America does not report on employees by age group. However, the ages of members of the Board of Directors are available in the 2024 Proxy Statement 
p. 6. Reason for Omission: Information Unavailable/Incomplete. 
405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to 
men 
• 2025 Proxy Statement; p. 40 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders, Stakeholder Capitalism metrics; p. 62 
• Working here, Being a great place to work, Recognizing and rewarding performance 
407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom 
of
 association and collective bargaining may be at risk 
• Direct Response: With respect to our operations, no U.S.-based employees are subject to collective bargaining agreements. For our supply chain, we do not collect this data. 
408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents
 of child labor 
• Modern Slavery Act Statement 
• Human Rights Statement 
409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents
 of forced or compulsory labor 
• Modern Slavery Act Statement 
• Human Rights Statement 
410-1 Security personnel trained in human rights policies or 
procedures 
• Modern Slavery Act Statement 
413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact 
assessments
 and development programs 
• Sustainability Topics; p. 61 
• 2024 Annual Report to Shareholders 
• Code of Conduct 
• Direct Response: See GRI 403 for more information on occupational health and safety committees. 
414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria • Direct Response: As part of our supply chain monitoring process, all suppliers receive our Supplier Expectations which sets forth our expectations for human rights, labor and 
environmental
 standards throughout our global supply chain. We monitor alignment to those expectations using a risk-based approach, which includes assessing our largest suppliers for 
risk prior to contracting. Our supplier contract templates include terms aligned to these expectations as well. 
414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain and 
actions
 taken 
• Direct Response: Refer to the Modern Slavery Act Statement for the number of suppliers with identified risks and percentage of total suppliers this represents. 
• Human Rights Statement 
415-1 Political contributions • Direct Response: Information is available on our Investor Relations website. 
417-2 Incidents of non-compliance concerning product and 
service
 information and labelling 
• Direct Response: We report and manage certain non-compliance incidents in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
417-3 Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing 
communications 
• Direct Response: We report and manage certain non-compliance incidents in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements. 
418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of 
customer
 privacy and losses of customer data 
• Privacy Notices and Choices 
• Omission Statement: As part of our complaint management and privacy incident response processes, we report and manage breaches of customer privacy and data in accordance with 
applicable
 regulatory requirements. Reason for Omission: Confidentiality Constraints. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 53

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS 
 INDEXES APPENDICES 
TRANSITION PLAN INDEX 
In 2024, we created a transition plan, informed by numerous organizations’ voluntary guidelines and frameworks. Components of the transition plan are disclosed in this document and below we provide an overview of the sections of this document 
that address key transition planning themes. 
Section/theme Category Key content Report section 
Governance Roles, 
Responsibilities 
and Remuneration 
Roles for the Board or strategy oversight body and senior management ensuring they have ownership, oversight and responsibility for the net zero targets. 
Appropriate individuals
 and teams assigned to aspects of both design and delivery of the transition plan. Remuneration incentives for appropriate roles, where 
possible. Review of progress and plans regularly to include updates/ developments, challenges are reviewed as an opportunity to correct course and 
implementation risks are properly managed. 
Governance Governance 
Skills and Culture Training
 and development support to the teams and individuals designing, implementing and overseeing the plan so that they have sufficient skills and 
knowledge to
 perform their roles (including at the Board and senior management level). Support to embed the transition plan into the organization’s culture 
and practices. 
Governance  
Sustainability Approach 
Strategy / 
Foundation 
Objectives  and 
Priorities 
The  organization’s objectives to reach net zero by 2050 or sooner, in line with science-based pathways to limit warming to 1.5°C, with clearly defined and 
measurable interim
 and long-term targets and strategic timelines as well as priority financing strategies of net zero transition action to enable real economy 
emissions reduction. 
Sustainability Approach 
Strategy 
/ 
Implementation 
Products and 
Services 
Use of existing and new products and services to support and increase clients' efforts to transition in line with 1.5°C net zero pathways. Include accelerating 
and scaling
 the net zero transition in the real economy, providing transition-related education and advice and supporting portfolio decarbonization in 
accordance with the institution's net zero transition strategy. 
Sustainability Approach Strategy / 
Implementation 
Activities
 and 
Decision-Making 
Embedding  of the  financial institution's net zero objectives and priorities in its core evaluation and decision-making tools and processes. This applies to both 
top-down/oversight structures and bottom-up tools and actions. 
Sustainability Approach 
Strategy 
/ 
Engagement 
Clients and 
Portfolio 
Companies 
Proactive  and constructive feedback and support to clients and portfolio companies to encourage net zero-aligned transition strategies, plans and progress. Sustainability  Approach Strategy 
/ 
Engagement 
Industry Engagement with peers in the industry to 1) as appropriate, exchange transition expertise and collectively work on common challenges and 2) represent the 
financial sector’s
 views cohesively to external stakeholders, such as clients and governments. 
Sustainability Approach 
Strategy / 
Engagement 
Government
 and 
Public Sector
 
Direct and  indirect lobbying and public-sector engagement to, in a consistent manner, support an orderly transition to net zero. External Engagement 
Metrics and 
Targets 
Metrics  and 
Targets 
Established  a suite of metrics and targets to drive execution of the transition plan and monitor progress of results in the near, medium and long term. Metrics 
and targets
 are focused on aligning financial activity in support of the real-economy net zero transition, executing the transition plan and measuring changes 
in client and portfolio GHG emissions. 
Metrics and Targets 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 54

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
ALIGNMENT WITH TNFD FRAMEWORK 13 
Our company covers all four pillars of TNFD recommended disclosures – Governance, Strategy, Risk and Impact Management and Metrics and Targets – in this report and, as applicable, our Human Rights Statement. 
TNFD general requirement Our response 
1. The application of materiality We have applied materiality at the sector-level until more granular data on location-specific nature-related issues is more widely available. 
2. The scope of disclosures We have included our direct operations and for our financed activities, commenced analysis with our global corporate banking portfolio. 
3. The location of nature-related issues We have used publicly available databases to identify sectors and companies with footprints in geographic regions of high concern for 
biodiversity.
 
4. Integration with other sustainability-related disclosures Sustainability at Bank of America 2025 is our sole public and integrated disclosure of climate, nature and other relevant information. 
5. The time horizons considered Quantitative information covers the period 1 January 2024 to 31 December 2024. Information on programme and initiatives that progress our 
sustainability
 approach includes activities beyond this period. 
6. The engagement of Indigenous Peoples, local communities and affected stakeholders For projects with potentially significant impacts on affected communities, we require clients to conduct an Informed Consultation and 
Participation
 process. All projects affecting Indigenous Peoples will be subject to a process of Free, Prior and Informed Consent (FPIC) and comply 
with the rights and protections for Indigenous Peoples contained in relevant law, including those laws implementing host country obligations 
under international law. 
13 Our company acknowledges that it is still working to fully conform to the specific recommendations of the TNFD framework, resulting in partial fulfillment for some recommendations. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 55

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS AND ACRONYMS 
Term Definition 
Access to 
Banking 
Access to  customized financial products, services and technology 
solutions to underbanked
 communities and different customer 
demographics while building on digital reach and customer satisfaction 
AER Annual Efficiency Ratio 
BB Business Banking 
Biodiversity Monitor impact on local ecosystems to promote biological and social 
health of communities
 
Blue Economy Utilize ocean resources in a responsible and sustainable fashion 
promoting economic growth,
 prosperous livelihoods and marine 
ecosystem health 
Business Ethics Bank standards and values that prevent malpractice and misconduct in 
all markets where
 our company operates 
CDFI Community Development Financial Institution 
CDP Formerly Carbon Disclosure Project 
CE&S Climate, environmental, and social 
CFC-11e CFC-11 Equivalent 
Client 
Satisfaction 
Gauge customer  satisfaction with products and whether products meet 
or exceed customer
 expectations 
Climate The long-term weather patterns and changes 
Climate Risk Coordinated management, governance and processes to help identify, 
monitor and control
 climate-related physical and transition risks 
Community 
Impact and 
Development
 
Strategic lending, investing and philanthropy for community economic 
development 
Term Definition
 
Corporate 
Governance 
CO2e 
Rules, practices and procedures that ethically guide and 
govern the Bank
 
Carbon Dioxide Equivalent 
CSA Climate Scenario Analysis 
Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities or threats to customer and employee data 
security or privacy
 
Data Privacy Control how personal information is collected, used and 
maintained in a
 transparent, safe and ethical manner 
DFI Development Financial Institutions 
ENCORE Exploring Natural Capital Opportunities, Risks and 
Exposure, a United
 Nations Sustainability Model 
Environment The natural world as affected by natural and human activity 
E&S Environmental and social 
EVs Electric vehicles 
Fair Transition Transition to a low-carbon economy in a way that is as fair 
and inclusive as
 possible to everyone concerned, creating 
decent work opportunities and leaving no one behind. 
Sustainable development that strikes a balance between 
economic, environmental and social factors 
Financial Health 
and Education 
Offer  education, advice and personalized support to help 
empower people to
 make confident financial decisions to 
build their preferred future 
Financial 
Protection 
Honest, transparent  and fair marketing and 
communications to provide
 safety of financial products 
Financing 
Activity 
Emissions 
Emissions  associated with our loans and investments, 
according to the
 Global GHG Accounting and Reporting 
Standard for the Financial Industry 
Term Definition 
GCB 
GCER 
GCIB 
gCO2e 
GRI 
GRM 
GISFG 
GWIM 
High-Integrity 
Carbon Credits 
Human
 Capital 
Human Rights 
IBC 
ICMA 
IEA 
Global Commercial Banking 
Global Climate and Environmental Risk 
Global Corporate and Investment Banking 
Gram of carbon dioxide equivalent 
Global Reporting Initiative 
Global Risk Management 
Global Infrastructure and Sustainable Finance Group 
Global Wealth and Investment Management 
Independently verifiable, unique and transparent ways to 
measure and maintain
 global climate goals 
The skills and knowledge of employees in conjunction with 
the equity, investment
 and opportunity the Bank provides 
while promoting wellness and retention 
Basic entitlements for every individual, demonstrating 
leadership in responsible
 business practices in the regions we 
operate and across our business relationships 
International Business Council 
International Capital Markets Association 
International Energy Agency 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 56

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Term Definition Term Definition Term 
Risk 
Management
 
RMI 
RTK 
SAF 
SDG 
SMI 
Sustainability 
Sustainable 
Finance
 
tCP 
tCO2e 
Technology 
TNFD 
Definition 
Identify, address and access risks that apply globally to our 
company
 
Rocky Mountain Institute 
Revenue tonne kilometer 
Sustainable aviation fuel 
Sustainable Development Goal 
Sustainable Markets Initiative 
Meet the environmental needs of the present while cognizant 
and
 strategic about the ability of future generations to meet 
their own needs 
Mobilize and scale capital deployment to help drive social and 
environmental
 change, including inclusive development, the 
transition to a low-carbon economy and mindful investment 
Tons of cementitious product 
Tons of carbon dioxide equivalent is a unit used to measure 
and
 compare impact of different greenhouse gases 
Digitalization and technology to help optimize efficiencies in 
business
 practices, improve and diversify product and service 
offerings for customers and promote public interest 
Taskforce on Nature-Related Financial Disclosures 
IEA NZE2050 IEA Net Zero Emissions by 2050 Scenario MPP PRU Mission Possible Partnership PRU scenario 
IFC International Finance Corporation MWh Megawatt-hour 
IFRS International Financial Reporting Standards Nature The natural ecosystems, resources and biodiversity that 
support
 life and economic activity 
IMO International Maritime Organization NCAC National Community Advisory Council 
IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Net Zero Achieve a perfect balance of greenhouse gases released 
into
 our atmosphere versus those removed from it 
ISSB International Sustainability Standards Board Net Zero Goal Reduce the impact on the environment, supporting and 
helping
 to enable our clients to achieve net zero GHG 
emissions and assessing and managing climate-related 
risks and addressing emissions resulting from financing 
activities 
km Kilometer NGFS Network for Greening the Financial System 
Land Rights Business impacts of our company’s activities or business relationships 
on
 land rights and the range of human rights linked to land 
Public Policy, 
Advocacy
 and 
Engagement 
Mobilize public policy and market influence, all as part of 
efforts
 to advance opportunity in our communities. 
LEED Green building rating system by U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC) Responsible 
Innovation
 
Operational excellence and continually increasing efficiency 
and
 processes 
LMI Low- to moderate-income Responsible 
Supply
 Chain 
and Operations 
Supply chain efforts, including international standards 
related
 to fair wages and benefits, forced labor, child labor, 
discrimination and harassment and safe workplace 
conditions 
LOBs 
MDB 
MJ 
Lines of business 
Multilateral development banks 
Megajoule 
Responsible 
Supply
 Chain 
and Operations 
RGC 
RG DC 
Supply chain efforts, including international standards 
related
 to fair wages and benefits, forced labor, child labor, 
discrimination and harassment and safe workplace 
conditions 
Responsible Growth Council 
Responsible Growth Disclosure Council 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 57

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
APPENDICES 
IN THIS SECTION: 
Areas of Heightened Sensitivity.................................59 
Sustainability Topics..........................................................61 
Disclaimers..............................................................................62 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 58

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL AREAS OF HEIGHTENED 
SENSITIVITY 
Our approach 
Bank of America has independently established internal policies and practices regarding E&S risks. The following list of 
activities is non-exhaustive and reflects E&S areas of heightened risk and sensitivity within the company’s overall Risk 
Framework.14 These areas are regularly reviewed in line with internal practices. 
The information provided in this appendix reflects Bank of America’s independent approach to certain clients and 
transactions
 as of December 2025 and is subject to change without notice. We do not undertake to update any such 
information. 
As outlined in our Enterprise Risk Framework, there are seven key risk types that we face as an organization: strategic, 
credit,
 market, liquidity, operational, compliance and reputational. E&S issues have the potential to impact these risk 
areas. Our approach to E&S risks is integrated into our company risk management and sustainability practices. 
As we help make financial lives better for our customers and clients, we strive to conduct ourselves with fairness, honesty 
and
 integrity. We do not discriminate against any customer, client or supplier based on race, nationality, ethnicity, religion, 
sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status, or political viewpoint or affiliation. 
We maintain policies and procedures to address E&S risk across the business, considering each client and transaction on 
a
 case-by-case basis in line with our risk appetite and commercial interests. 
It is our company’s policy that it will not knowingly finance illegal activity, such as child labor, forced labor, human 
trafficking,
 illegal logging, uncontrolled fire, etc. We will evaluate client activities on a case-by-case basis to determine if 
there is substantiated evidence of the illegal activity and if the client has put in place adequate practices and policies to 
remediate. 
Areas of specific heightened risk 
The following are examples of business activities which carry specific heightened risk informed by our Enterprise Risk 
Framework. Client relationships or transactions related to these areas must go through an enhanced due diligence 
process and be escalated to the applicable LOB Risk Committee for approval. These decisions are informed by a 
comprehensive analysis of potential risk factors specific to the client and transaction. The escalation process is governed 
by the Bank’s Enterprise Risk Framework. 
• Arctic drilling: Direct financing of oil and gas exploration or production activities in the Arctic. 
• Coal-fired power plants: Direct financing of the construction of new coal-fired power plants or expansion of 
existing coal-fired power plants — unless those facilities employ technology that is focused on complete or near 
elimination of atmospheric carbon emissions. 
• Mountain-top removal (MTR) mining: Financing companies involved in MTR mining. 
• Thermal coal mining companies: Financing companies deriving > 25% of their revenue from thermal coal 
mining. 
• Thermal coal mines: Direct financing of new thermal coal mines or the expansion of existing mines. 
• United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Heritage Sites: 
Financing transactions focused on natural resource extraction within UNESCO World Heritage Sites, unless there is 
prior consensus between UNESCO and the host country’s governmental authorities that activities will not adversely 
affect the natural or cultural value of the site. 
14 Going forward, information related to E&S areas of heightened risk and sensitivity will be incorporated into our sustainability reporting. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 59

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
Areas of heightened sensitivity 
This section contains E&S topics that Bank of America recognizes as being of heightened sensitivity, requiring enhanced due diligence on a client-by-client basis to understand the associated risks across the seven risk types. 
Extractives: 
• Coal mining: Direct financing for a metallurgical coal mine, as well as companies deriving revenue from coal 
mining (metallurgical and thermal), which are not under the criteria identified in the Areas of Significantly 
Heightened Risk. 
• Oil sands: Financing companies focused on oil sands extraction. 
Agricultural Commodities: 
• Beef/cattle: Financing companies directly involved in cattle rearing, fattening and finishing in high-risk 
geographies15, as well as slaughterhouses and meat processing plants sourcing from those geographies. Companies 
should have or be pursuing 100% deforestation-free operations and primary supply chain, sustainable sourcing 
policies and full traceability. 
• Palm oil: Financing companies directly involved in palm oil growing or producing (plantations and mills) in high-risk 
geographies15 as well as refineries (including palm kernel crushers), processors and traders sourcing from those 
geographies. Companies should have or be pursuing a Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) membership and 
certification, or equivalent and have adopted or be in the process of adopting a No Deforestation, No Peat and No 
Exploitation (NDPE) Policy. 
• Soy: Financing companies directly involved in soy production (growing and harvesting soybeans) in high-risk 
geographies15 as well as refiners, processors and traders sourcing from those geographies. Companies should have 
or be pursuing a Roundtable on Responsible Soy (FTRS) membership and certification, or adhere to equivalent 
practices or policies. 
• Timber, pulp and paper: Financing companies directly involved in growing and harvesting timber in high-risk 
geographies15 as well as processors and traders sourcing from those geographies. Companies should have or be 
pursuing a Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) membership and certification, or equivalent and have or be working 
toward sustainable sourcing policies and full traceability. 
Asset-specific transactions: 
• Hydroelectric power: Transactions where the majority use of proceeds will support large dam construction for 
hydroelectric generation or lands involved in such construction. 
• Nuclear energy: Transactions where the use of proceeds is clearly intended for the development of nuclear fission 
projects. 
15 High-risk geographies include beef/cattle companies operating in or sourcing from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Uruguay and Peru; palm oil companies operating in or sourcing from Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Indonesia, Malaysia, Solomon Island, Liberia, Gabon; soy companies operating 
in or sourcing from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Paraguay, Uruguay and Peru; and timber, pulp and paper companies operating in or sourcing from Argentina, Brazil, China, India, Cambodia, Indonesia, Myanmar, Thailand, Vietnam, Rwanda, South Africa. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 60

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
SUSTAINABILITY TOPICS 
These Sustainability Topics reflect what is most relevant to our business in our pursuit of Responsible Growth. They align 
with our company’s key operational, financial and philanthropic objectives, and are regularly reviewed with stakeholders. 
The topics inform the creation of this report and related indices. More information on how our company is contributing to 
these topics can be found in all sections of this 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America document; the 2024 Annual 
Report
 to Shareholders, Proxy Statement and about.bankofamerica.com. Related terms and definitions can be found in 
the
 Glossary. 
Sustainability topics 
Access to Banking 
Human Capital, including: 
• Employee Wellness. 
• Fair Wages. 
• Health and Safety. 
• Opportunity and Inclusion. 
• Talent Acquisition and Retention. 
Business Ethics, Corporate Governance and Risk 
Management
 
Human Rights, including: 
• Land Rights / Use. 
• Public Policy, Advocacy and Engagement. 
• Responsible Supply Chain and Operations. 
• Sustainable Finance. 
Community Impact and Development Nature and Biodiversity 
Client Satisfaction and Financial Protection Net Zero Goal, Low-Carbon Transition and Climate Risk 
Cybersecurity and Data Privacy Technology and Responsible Innovation 
Financial Health and Education Transparency, Accountability and Reporting 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 61

SUSTAINABILITY APPROACH RISK GOVERNANCE METRICS & TARGETS INDEXES APPENDICES 
DISCLAIMERS 
The information contained in this document is for informational purposes only, is not intended to be comprehensive and 
does not constitute investment, financial, economic, accounting, legal or tax advice or recommendations, nor consulting 
and/or advice from any consultant or rating agency. Additionally, such information is not a product of any research 
affiliate or division of the company and has not been reviewed, endorsed or otherwise approved by any such research 
unit. Any views or opinions expressed herein may differ from the views and opinions of other departments or divisions of 
the company and its affiliates. Neither the company nor any of its affiliates, directors, officers, employees or agents shall 
incur any responsibility or liability whatsoever to any person or entity with respect to the contents of, use of, or reliance 
upon any matters referred to in this document. 
This document should not be used as a basis for trading in the company’s securities or the securities or loans of any of 
the
 companies named herein or for any other investment or voting decision. The information contained in this document 
does not constitute and is not intended as a recommendation and/or an offer or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
securities, purchase or sell any financial instrument, equity product or other investment, or as an official confirmation of 
any transaction or a recommendation for any investment product or strategy. Additionally, such information does not 
constitute a commitment, undertaking, offer or solicitation by any company entity to underwrite, subscribe for, or place 
any securities or to extend or arrange credit or to provide any other products or services to any person or entity. 
Historical data shown represents past performance and does not guarantee comparable future results. The information 
and any examples provided in this document are illustrative only and neither the company or any of its affiliates is 
endorsing any particular approach to sustainability, any particular sustainability investment strategy or any particular 
sustainability standards, ratings or metrics by including such information in this document. 
Any third-party information contained in this document or otherwise used to derive information in this document is 
believed
 to be reasonable and reliable, but no representation or warranty is made as to the quality, completeness, 
accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of such information. In no event shall the company be liable 
(whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise) for any use by any party of, any decision made or action taken by any party 
in reliance upon or for any inaccuracies or errors in, or omissions from, such information. Any sources of third-party 
information referred to herein retain all rights with respect to such information and use of such information herein shall 
not be deemed to grant a license to any third party. Any use of or reference to third-party brand names, trademarks, 
service marks, business descriptions or case studies is for informational purposes only and does not imply a referral, 
recommendation or endorsement by the company or its affiliates or that such third party has authorized the company or 
its affiliates to promote such third party’s products or services. Case studies are provided for illustrative purposes only, 
are not intended to make any representations as to environmental and sustainability initiatives of any third party and are 
not intended to suggest and there is no assurance that, these or any other engagements will be successful and/or result 
in positive outcomes. 
TOC 2025 Sustainability at Bank of America I 62