2021 Sustainability Report
Schlumberger Limited

Digital & Integration - Combines 
Schlumberger’s digital workflow 
solutions and seismic data 
interpretation and management 
businesses with its integrated offering 
of Asset Performance Solutions. 
Reservoir Performance - Consists of  
reservoir-centric technologies and 
services that are critical to optimizing 
reservoir productivity and performance.
Well Construction - Combines the  
full portfolio of products and services  
to optimize well placement and 
performance, maximize drilling 
efficiency, and improve wellbore 
assurance.
Production Systems - Develops and 
provides technologies and expertise 
that enhance production and recovery 
from subsurface reservoirs to the 
surface, into pipelines, and to refineries.
SCHLUMBERGER AT A GLANCE
Schlumberger is a technology company that 
partners with customers to provide access 
to energy. Our people provide leading digital 
solutions and deploy innovative technologies  
to enable performance and sustainability for  
the global energy industry. With expertise in  
more than 120 countries, we collaborate to  
create technology that unlocks access to  
energy for the benefit of all.
2021 revenue
USD
22.9B
92,000+
Workforce
160+
Nationalities
120+
Countries
Schlumberger is organized under four Divisions operating in five distinct Basins  
that are aligned with critical hubs of activity. The four Divisions are:
NEW ENERGY
New Energy explores new avenues of growth 
by leveraging Schlumberger’s intellectual 
and business capital in emerging new energy 
markets, with a focus on low-carbon and 
carbon-neutral energy technologies.
CONTENTS
1 S CHLUMBERGER AT A GLANCE 
2
 M
ESSAGE FROM THE CEO 
3
 M
ESSAGE FROM THE CSSO 
4
 O
UR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
5
  O
ur SDG-Aligned Initiatives
6 C
LIMATE ACTION
7
  O
ur Roadmap to Net Zero
9
  De
carbonizing Operations
11  N
ew Energy & Transition Opportunities
12
 
PEOPLE
13  C
reating In-Country Value
17  R
especting Human Rights
19  P
romoting Talent & DEI
21 
NATURE
22
  S
afeguarding Biodiversity
23
  Pr
otecting Natural Resources
26
  E
nabling Circularity
27
 H
EALTH, SAFETY AND  ENVIRONMENT
28 S
TAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
30
  R
esponsible Supply Chain
31 S
USTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE 
32 E
THICS AND COMPLIANCE 
3
3
 T
CFD ALIGNMENT - MANAGING CLIMATE AND TRANSITION RISK
37 
INDEX (TCFD, SASB, UN SDGs)
41
 P
ERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
1Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report

independent human 
 
rights audits of our 
facilities and suppliers 
 
in five countries
6
Completed
Published our first 2021
 
Women and Pay report 
of the Board at year-end 2021 
demonstrated substantial knowledge,
skills, or experience in energy transition and 
sustainability matters
83
%
 
Message from the Chief Executive Officer
Last year was pivotal for Schlumberger, and I am proud 
of the actions we have taken to weave sustainability 
more deeply into our culture, driving our decisions today 
and setting the foundation for our future.
We announced our 2050 net zero commitment, including Scope 
3 emissions. This commitment goes beyond our direct emissions 
and tightly aligns us with our customers to drive decarbonization 
across the industry. 
As an innovation leader, we are uniquely positioned to advance 
decarbonization. We developed and launched the Transition 
Technologies* portfolio, which is focused on reducing emissions 
from oil and gas operations and accelerating the path to net zero 
for the industry. Making a positive impact on customers’ Scope 1 
and 2 emissions, while simultaneously providing a key avenue to 
reduce our own Scope 3 emissions, was a key achievement. We 
will continue to invest in this portfolio and create new ways to 
help customers reduce their operational emissions.  
At the same time, we advanced every venture in the Schlumberger 
New Energy portfolio, where we are exploring new businesses 
in low-carbon or carbon-neutral energy technologies. We are 
building partnerships and applying our experience in technology 
industrialization to help other industries reduce their emissions, 
and to expand into areas in energy end-use and storage, where 
our technology expertise holds great opportunity.  
 
I am grateful for the Board of Directors and our many partners 
who give us the confidence to have a bold vision, and for the 
passion of the Schlumberger team, which is dedicated to driving 
innovation and creating a more sustainable future.  
Olivier Le Peuch
Chief Executive Officer
Women comprised 30% of our executive team in 2021, 
 
and represented 22% of management-level roles and 48% 
 
of new hires for salaried roles with STEM backgrounds
2021 SUSTAINABILITY HIGHLIGHTS
 
 
 
 
improvement in total recordable 
 
injury frequency rate from 2019
30
%
 
Announced a commitment 
 
to net zero by 2050, 
 
including Scope 3 emissions
Introduced our Transition 
 
Technology portfolio to serve 
 
as an enabler for the industry’s 
 
decarbonization efforts
USD 32 million in social 
investment aligned with 
UN SDGs
2
Schlumberger Limited
   
|
   
2021 Sustainability Report
CLIMATE ACTION
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
NATURE
PEOPLE
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
TCFD
INDEX
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
GOVERNANCE
HSE
By the end of 2021, our renewable
 
power consumption represented
25% of our total facilities’
electricity consumption

Message from the Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer
The dynamics in the energy industry have shifted, 
and the result has been an emphasis on energy 
security and diversification of supply. Society is re-
examining strategies to provide people with a mix of 
affordable, reliable, and sustainable energy, and our 
industry has a key role to play. At the same time, it is of 
utmost importance that we remain wholly committed 
to advancing sustainability in our company and the 
industry—for Schlumberger, it is a key priority. 
We need to use all the energy sources we have to design a 
transition that meets the growing energy need while avoiding the 
worst impacts of climate change. Short-term challenges are not 
distracting us from the big picture and the massive investment 
needed to realize transition. Strategy and sustainability are deeply 
connected, and our strategy is based on two central beliefs. 
First, the energy system is not ready to go completely carbon free 
in the short term, and that is why we are using our capabilities 
and expertise to decarbonize industry operations now with 
technology we have, and by developing new solutions to reduce 
industry emissions as fast as possible. Second, as a technology 
innovator with scale, we know we have a lot to contribute to the 
energy system of the future. We are applying our expertise in 
Carbon Capture and Sequestration (CCS) to help other industries 
decarbonize, while investing in technologies that will generate 
lower-carbon energy tomorrow.
Our momentum is strong, and we are accelerating action to 
drive sustainability impacts and meaningfully contribute to 
both the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) and the 
Paris Agreement. We are developing robust road maps to net 
zero and decarbonized operations, while providing in-country 
value, respecting human rights, and fully embracing all aspects 
of diversity, equity, and inclusion. And our local teams are 
empowered to invest in projects that make positive impacts 
aligning to their local communities’ priority SDGs, in addition  
to stakeholder and business impact. 
We constantly challenge ourselves to deliver results and elevate 
our impact through collaboration with strategic partners.
Technology and innovation, which are deeply rooted in 
Schlumberger culture, are of course fundamental to driving  
this positive change. 
This is an exciting time for us as we work to operationalize 
sustainability and align ourselves with the goals and expectations 
of our customers, our suppliers, and the communities where we 
live and work. I am proud of what we have already achieved and 
look forward to what we can do in the future.
Dr. Katharina Beumelburg
Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer 
INDUSTRY AWARDS AND RECOGNITION
ESG Ratings 2021:  
   
 MSCI AA  
Sustainalytics 24.3 Medium Risk Rating,  28th percentile among global peers.
S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook 2021’s Energy Equipment & Services category:  
   Schlumberger named among Sustainability leaders. 
Institutional Investor’s America’s Most Honored Companies:  
   Schlumberger among the 23 companies recognized for sustainability.  
Hart’s inaugural Energy ESG Awards:  
   Schlumberger named a Top Performer in the public service company category. 
Hart Energy’s E&P’s Meritorious Award for Engineering Innovation (Middle East and Asia):  
   Schlumberger recognized in two categories (Onshore Rigs and Drill Bits).  
International SOS Foundation’s Duty of Care Awards:  
   Schlumberger shortlisted in the Communication category. 
American Made Challenges Awards:  
   A Schlumberger team qualified as a quarterfinalist for the Geothermal Prize.  
Energy Council’s Annual Awards:  
   Schlumberger shortlisted in the Oilfield Services Company of the Year category.
3Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

have been incorporated into the management cash incentive 
program across our geographies. Delivering on our ambitions 
represents a substantial opportunity for the company in 
the coming decade, 
while enabling us to 
contribute to the SDGs 
in cooperation with 
communities where  
we operate.  
By operationalizing sustainability, we seek to drive alignment of 
business decisions with our sustainability objectives, where we 
need consistent, timely, and detailed data; have sustainability 
embedded into decision-making tools and processes; and have 
a forward-looking view of climate impacts and energy demand 
with scenario planning to enable proactive decisions.
Our strategy is strongly focused on digital enablement, aimed 
at investing in sustainability data that meets regulatory and 
auditing requirements and is supported by a robust governance 
structure. Innovation and technology are fundamental to 
accelerating our journey. We believe strategic partnerships  
in key areas will allow us to act now for a better future.
Schlumberger is committed to providing technologies and 
Our Approach to Sustainability
As a global technology company for the energy 
industry, we are committed to being at the forefront  
of the global shift toward more sustainable energy 
production—challenging not only ourselves, but 
also our customers, suppliers, and peers to partner 
on delivering measurable social and environmental 
progress. This translates into making measurable 
strides to accelerate innovation in energy transition 
and to achieving these goals in a way that contributes 
to energy access and economic development with 
both a global and local lens. In that context, our 
sustainability focus for the near to medium term has 
three priorities: Climate Action, People, and Nature. 
Our approach to operationalizing our sustainability strategy 
is described in this report. We seek to leverage our unique 
capabilities, invest in technology and innovation, develop 
strategic partnerships, and engage the entire Schlumberger 
organization to achieve our sustainability goals. Every named 
executive officer had at least one strategic personal objective 
related to sustainability in 2021. In addition, emissions 
reduction goals and gender balance targets  
OUR PURPOSE 
Together, we create amazing 
technology that unlocks access 
to energy for the benefit of all.
OUR VISION 
With our purpose in mind, our 
vision is to define and drive 
high performance for the 
energy industry, sustainably.
OUR FOUNDATION
Our sustainability strategy  
is built on the foundation  
of protecting the health  
of our employees and 
managing health, safety, and 
environment (HSE) risks in the 
workplace and our operations, 
along with a commitment to 
operating ethically and through 
responsible sourcing.
services that enhance and optimize our customers’ performance 
while making the most of our unique assets. To that end, we  
look to three long-established values that guide the decisions  
we make as we pursue our ambitions:
•    People: Exceptional people join us from around the 
world because of who we are, and then they make 
us what we are. Committed to customers, constantly 
learning and growing, we thrive on the world’s biggest 
technical challenges. This is the pulse and spirit 
of Schlumberger.
•    Technology: We were founded through invention, and 
we grow, prosper, and lead through continuous innovation 
and a commitment to practical excellence. Today, we are 
engineering a sustainable future for the energy industry 
and helping to create a better world for all.
•    Profits: Financial strength gives us the independence 
and resources to make brave calls about the future 
and drive bold, visionary innovation for the long term. 
Investment discipline matters: the returns we generate 
ensure our talent and technology are best in class, and 
the value we create is widely shared.
Our sustainability reporting 
is guided by our stakeholders 
and third-party frameworks, 
including
•  Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) 
Standards
•  Task Force on Climate-Related 
Financial Disclosure (TCFD) 
Recommendations
•  UN Sustainable Development 
Goals 
•  UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights 
Reporting Framework.
SUSTAINABILITY ACCELERATORS
Technology and Innovation
Navigating the energy transition 
and getting to net zero by 
leveraging our AI, digital, and 
technology innovation 
.
Partnerships
Engaging employees and 
collaborating with business 
partners, customers, and the 
communities in which we 
live and work to broaden our 
positive impact and expand 
into energy verticals. 
SUSTAINABILITY ENABLERS
Governance  
Assuring that we act  
responsibly and transparently 
across all operations in our 
business relationships and 
supply chain. 
E
mpowering Local Teams
Supporting societies and  
communities in contributing  
to the SDGs by understanding  
local impacts, aligning with  
local priorities, and  
accelerating action
 
. 
Climate Action
Our Roadmap to Net Zero
Decarbonizing Operations
New Energy and Transition Opportunities
Creating In-Country Value
Respecting Human Rights
Promoting Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Safeguarding Biodiversity 
Protecting Natural Resources
Enabling Circularity
People Nature
4Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Partnerships for Goals 
Schlumberger is a  
Partner of the Solar 
Impulse Foundation, 
tasked with selecting 
1,000 solutions that protect the environment 
in profitable ways. Celsius Energy* , a  
Schlumberger low carbon business venture 
located in France focused on geoenergy for 
heating and cooling buildings, has received 
the 1,000 solutions label. 
Affordable and  
Clean Energy
 
In Turkmenistan, we 
installed 112 solar panels 
at our Balkanabat facility 
to reduce electricity consumption. This was the 
first time that a solar installation of this capacity 
had been constructed in the country.
Climate Action 
In China, we replaced  
18 light vehicles with  
hybrid or pure-electric 
cars. This initiative  
prevented the consumption of 53,000 liters  
of gasoline annually and represents an  
annual reduction of 130 metric tons of  
CO2 emissions. 
No Poverty 
In Mozambique, in 
collaboration with a 
customer, we launched 
a project to rehabilitate 
community infrastructure in conflict-affected 
districts of Cabo Delgado, helping facilitate the 
return of internally displaced peoples. 
The content of this publication has not been 
approved by the United Nations and does 
not reflect the views of the United Nations 
or its officials or Member States.  
https://www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/  
Clean Water 
and Sanitation
 
In Mexico, a new water 
cycle management 
system within our onsite 
wastewater plant has resulted in a 7% reduction 
in water consumption and a 13% reduction in 
waste discharge. 
Decent Work and 
Economic Growth 
 
In Ecuador, as part of the 
PURE initiative, we are 
supporting and offering 
expertise for community enterprise projects—such 
as a water purification and commercialization 
enterprise that benefits indigenous communities. 
Our teams also sponsored and volunteered at 
a baking and pastry workshop to help create 
businesses and new sources of income for families. 
Life Below Water 
In Brunei, Schlumberger  
volunteers collected 
more than 80 bags  
of waste from a single  
beach in Kuala Belait.  
 
Zero Hunger 
In Brazil, following the 
devastating effects of 
heavy rains in Petrópolis, 
Schlumberger employees 
donated 700 kg of food and basic hygene, and 
cleaning items to help families in need.
Industry, Innovation 
and Infrastructure 
In the United  
Kingdom, we are  
moving to a green  
electricity grid, upgrading to LED lighting, and 
replacing diesel generators with natural gas. 
These initiatives resulted in a 19% reduction in  
our 2021 GHG emissions compared to 2020.
Life on Land
 
In Turkey, our teams 
worked with the  
General Directorate of 
Forestry to plant 10,000 
trees to restore the local ecosystem in Ankara.  
Good Health and 
Wellbeing 
In India, Schlumberger 
partnered with a local 
nonprofit organization 
to set up a pressure swing adsorption oxygen 
plant. The facility delivered onsite, piped  
oxygen to rural hospitals to cater to the needs 
of people in more than 190 villages in the Pune 
district of Maharashtra. 
Reduced Inequalities 
As part of our  
Reconciliation Action 
Plan, which is  
focused on developing  
respectful relationships with Aboriginal  
Australian and Torres Strait Islander peoples, 
we invest in future generations through our 
scholarship program at Murdoch University 
in Australia, as well as local traineeship and 
apprenticeship programs. 
Peace, Justice and 
Strong Institutions
 
We performed  
operations assurance 
reviews of locations 
using a risk-based approach. Findings are 
addressed as needed.
Quality Education 
In Egypt, we are running 
coding and robotic 
workshops at a school to 
inspire students about 
STEM. Our team has also equipped the school 
with refurbished computers and furniture to set 
up a computer lab. 
Sustainable Cities 
and Communities
In Angola, we have  
partnered with a  
center that supports  
approximately 200 homeless or displaced  
children. We are helping to build an additional 
facility that will be used to provide vocational 
training to support future employment  
opportunities.  
Gender Equality 
In Malaysia, we have 
mentored 77 women 
as part of our global 
WISE (Women Inspiring, 
Supporting and Empowering each other) 
program. Since the program’s launch in 2020, 
we have organized more than 650 mentoring 
sessions around the globe, each designed to 
accelerate women’s readiness to assume key 
leadership roles.
Responsible 
Consumption  
and Production
In the United States, 
550 of our laptops were 
refurbished and donated to communities in 
need. This saved an estimated 566 metric tons 
of CO2e through responsible recycling and  
reuse efforts. 
Our SDG-Aligned Initiatives
5Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSEOUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY

Climate Action
Our industry has an important role to play in the global energy 
transition, and Schlumberger is evolving for that exciting future. 
Our vision is to define and drive high performance, sustainably, 
sharing the responsibility to act now and to act fast to 
decarbonize the world’s energy system. 
Our Roadmap to Net Zero
Our climate action strategy is 
underpinned by our commitment 
to achieve net zero emissions 
by 2050, with interim targets in 
2025 and 2030 to track progress. 
To achieve these goals across  
all three scopes of emissions,  
we are implementing a detailed 
roadmap of emissions reduction 
actions within each Division  
and geography and across the 
short-, medium-, and long-term 
time horizons. 
 
Decarbonizing Operations
As we work to reduce our 
emissions footprint across our 
own operations, we also have the 
opportunity to help our customers 
decarbonize their operations and 
avoid additional GHG emissions. 
 
New Energy & Transition 
Opportunities
The energy transition represents 
an opportunity to leverage our 
domain and technology expertise 
in a changing industry landscape. 
Our diverse and growing portfolio 
of New Energy investments and  
technologies includes hydrogen, 
lithium, energy storage, CCS,  
geothermal power, and 
geoenergy for heating and 
cooling buildings.
.
.
1
2
3
OUR COMMITMENTS
reduction in 
Scopes 1 and 2 
by 2025
reduction in 
Scopes 1and 2 
by 2030
reduction in 
Scope 3 by 
2030
by 2050
All reduction targets are measured against our 2019 baseline.
Net Zero
30
%
50
%
30
%
The all-electric actuator enables energy and 
emissions reductions by replacing traditional 
hydraulic operated systems. 
6Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

NET ZERO BY 2050
Schlumberger is committed to 
achieving net zero greenhouse gas 
emissions by 2050. Schlumberger’s 
commitment is aligned with the 
 
1.5-degC target of the Paris Agreement. 
This commitment follows 18 months of 
extensive analysis of Schlumberger’s 
carbon footprint in close collaboration 
with climate experts. Schlumberger’s 
net zero targets encompass all the 
company’s Scope 1, 2, and 3 GHG 
emissions, thus covering the entire 
company’s value chain—a first in the 
energy services industry. 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions constitute 
 
5% of the company’s baseline footprint.
 
Scope 3 emissions comprise 95% of our 
baseline emissions inventory. 
 
In addition, carbon negative actions 
such as bioenergy with carbon capture 
and storage, are meant to help us 
achieve our net zero goals with minimal 
reliance on offsets.
2019 EMISSION BASELINE INVENTORY
 
(All emissions stated in metric tons of CO
2
e)
Scope 1 
1,700,000
Scope 2 
650,000
Scope 3 
44,400,000
Aligned with 1.5-degC scenario of the Paris Agreement
30% reduction by 2030
Net Zero by 2050
30% reduction by 2025 
50% reduction by 2030
Electricity
0.65 million
Capital  
Goods
0.1 million
Energy  
Activities
0.1 million
Operations  
Waste
0.1 million
31.8 million
Employee  
Commuting
0.1 million
Business  
Travel
0.2 million
Fuel
1.7 million
Purchased  
Goods and  
Services
6.3 million
Investments 
3.4 million
Upstream   
Transportation & 
Distribution
0.6 million
Upstream
Leased  
Assets
1.1 million
Downstream 
Leased Assets
Use of  
Products
End of Life  
Treatment
0.6 million
TOTAL GHG EMISSIONS
 1
In million metric tons CO
2
29.2
32.1
46.7
2019
2020
2021
Scope 1 & 2
Scope 3
GHG Emissions Intensity
 
Unit
 
2019
 
2020
 
2021
 
Scopes 1 and 2
 
m
etric tonnes of CO
2
e per dollar of revenue
 
0
.070
 
0
.083
 
0
.076
 
Scope 3
 
m
etric tonnes of CO
2
e per dollar of revenue
 
1
.348
 
1
.277
 
1
.194
 
Total (Scopes 1, 2, and 3)
 
m
etric tonnes of CO
2
e per dollar of revenue
 
1
.419
 
1
.360
 
1
.270
 
1
 
 
W
e use the procedures established in the Greenhouse 
Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard (Revised Edition) to calculate our annual CO
2
e 
emissions in Schlumberger. As part of that process, we apply 
conversion factors to energy consumption data to derive 
CO
2
e values. Those conversion factors are taken from the 
IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 - 20 year and 100 year). 
Schlumberger’s Scope 1 emissions of 2019 and 2020 have been 
restated after review of managed production facilities. 2019 
Scope 1 and 2 GHG estimates have been restated to exclude 
emissions associated with our North American fracturing 
business, which was sold at the end of 2020. In addition, 
a small portion of our 2020 Scope 3 category 1 emissions 
related to that business were incorrectly included in the 2020 
Sustainability Report, and are herein restated to exclude those 
emissions. Our Scope 3 greenhouse gas estimates for 2019 
and 2020 have also been restated to remove approximately 7.8 
million metric tons of CO
2
e in 2019 and 8.0 million metric tons 
of CO
2
e in 2020, following a determination (in consultation 
with third-party climate consultants) that such emissions 
had been incorrectly included in Schlumberger’s previously 
disclosed Scope 3 estimates. This calculation method is 
consistent for years 2019, 2020, and 2021 in this report.
7
Schlumberger Limited
   
|
   
2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
CLIMATE ACTION
NATURE
PEOPLE
MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
TCFD
INDEX
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
GOVERNANCE
HSE
Our Roadmap to Net Zero
We have implemented many programs to reduce
our carbon emissions and energy use across
our value chain.
In 2021 we continued our journey to build comprehensive
 
roadmaps for Scopes 1, 2, and 3 to achieve net zero emissions by
 
2050, as well as our interim targets. Our Scope 1 and 2 roadmaps
 
focus on the emissions generated in our operations and facilities
 
and are tailored to each geography. Our Scope 3 roadmaps focuses
 
on the emissions generated from the use of our technologies and
 
are prioritized within each Division and business line by emission
 
source. We improved and partially automated our GHG emissions
 
data collection and controls across all scopes to track progress
 
and aid in strategic decision making.
To reduce GHG emissions at our facilities, we are focused
on reducing energy use, in line with our interim target to
reduce GHG emissions from our fuel and power consumption
by 30%  by 2025. Our global Lean and Green environmental
 
program implements facilities-driven environmental efficiency
 
opportunities for reducing energy use and sourcing renewable
 
energy. Our facilities’ initiatives to reduce power consumption
 
focus on educating our workforce on energy conservation
best practices to promote behavior change, implementing
 
renewable energy solutions at sites where feasible, updating
 
HVAC systems and optimizing facility heating and cooling
cycles, and strengthening our renewables strategy, targeting
our facilities located on independent power grids. By the end of
 
2021, our renewable power consumed represented 25% of our
 
total facilities’ electricity consumption, equaling 205,000 MWh
 
including Texas Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs), Europe,
and Brazil Green tariffs, as well as onsite generation projects in
 
Egypt, India, and Mexico.
Achieving our emissions reductions goals will require the
support and engagement of our employees. To that end, in
2021 we created an ESG Capex fund to support and promote
 
employee-driven environment-related initiatives around the
globe. Employees from more than 40 countries submitted more
 
than 140 projects, of which 32 were selected for having the
 
highest impact in emissions reduction, water savings, and
waste management.

Our Roadmap to Net Zero continued
Footprint Rationalization Actions
In Canada, we consolidated six facilities, which reduced  
our carbon footprint by 1,500 metric tons of CO 2e per year.
In the Mexico and Central America region, we consolidated 
seven facilities, which reduced our carbon footprint by  
200 metric tons of CO 2e per year. 
Alternative Energy
In 2021, several of our facilities converted to renewable  
energy sources, reducing our CO2e emissions by 14,500 metric 
tons per year. This includes all facilities across the United 
Kingdom, and a number of facilities in France, the Netherlands, 
Italy, Romania, and Germany.
In Angola, our Malembo and Cabinda facilities installed power 
connections to the national grid, reducing our diesel usage by 
80%, which in turn, reduced our carbon emissions and resulted 
in annual savings of USD 75,000.
 
In Mexico, our Veracruz facility completed installation of solar 
panels to reduce its GHG emissions by 480 metric tons of  
CO2e each year. 
In Malaysia, we purchased 6,000 MWh of renewable energy 
credits in 2021, which is expected to result in a 13% CO 2e 
reduction for the entire footprint of our East Asia operations.
In Turkmenistan, we built a solar farm at a Schlumberger facility 
that produces approximately 35,000 kWh per month. This will 
help us reduce 200 metric tons of CO 2e annually, corresponding 
to about 15% of the total carbon footprint of the facility. 
 
We evaluated more than 140 facility-level environmental 
 sustainability projects, and we awarded funding to   
32 projects that provided a  
significant environmental and  
financial return.
In 2021 we progressed in our Scope 1 and 2 emissions reductions 
through efforts to increase energy efficiency, switch to renewable 
power, and rationalize our operational footprint. Below are some 
examples of these activities.
Energy Efficiency
In Australia, our Kewdale facility implemented 651 LED fittings 
to replace existing lighting. We anticipate this initiative will 
result in annual reductions of 189,000 kWh of electricity 
consumption, USD 49,000 of facility energy cost, and  
128 metric tons of CO2e. 
Also in Australia, our Jandakot facility upgraded three 
compressors in 2021, which reduced the facility’s carbon 
emissions by 123 metric tons of CO2e per year.
LED retrofit in Australia.
Utilizing solar power in Turkmenistan.
In 2021, we launched 
an open collaborative 
quarterly review for 
our global facilities’ 
teams, through which 
employees from different 
geographies share 
experiences, success 
stories, know-how and 
lessons learned around 
energy and emissions. 
These engagement 
sessions are playing a 
major role in proactively 
engaging facility teams 
around the world to 
incentivize and support 
their local sustainability 
journeys. 
8Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Address Methane Emissions
Methane is a potent greenhouse gas and represents over 50% 
of the oil and gas industry’s overall GHG footprint in terms of 
CO2e. Therefore, it is a key focus for industry reduction efforts 
and is targeted by the Transition Technologies portfolio. Using 
the Symmetry* Process software solution, we can design out 
methane leaks and minimize fugitive methane leak paths from 
a variety of industry-specific processes. To further address 
fugitive methane, we have the industry’s broadest portfolio of 
ISO- and API-certified low-emissions valves. Our Vx* multiphase 
well testing technology can replace a conventional separator for 
well-by-well flow metering applications. In doing so, Vx Spectra* 
surface multiphase flowmeter eliminates multiple sources of both 
vented and fugitive methane. 
Electrification of Infrastructure
The electrification of oilfield infrastructure has sustainability 
benefits at multiple levels. Transitioning large-scale power 
systems like those on offshore platforms to run on electric  
power instead of diesel generators enables an infrastructure 
powered by lower-carbon energy sources, including renewable 
power. Additionally, replacing electro-hydraulic systems 
with electric-only systems can result in immediate energy 
consumption reduction, enabling near-term emissions  
reductions for our customers.
Minimize Well Construction CO2 Footprint 
Within the well construction process there are various sources  
of emissions, including
•   the rig itself
•   associated transport of personnel and equipment
•   manufacturing of infrastructure
•   consumables and waste processing.
The Transition Technologies portfolio includes products and 
services that minimize emissions from these sources, including
•   cements and fracturing fluids with reduced embodied  
CO2 footprint
•   automated software for rig power management combined 
with energy storage solutions
•   automated software to enable autonomous remote 
operation to reduce personnel transport costs
•   solutions that minimize emissions related to the 
transportation and onshore processing of waste
•   best-in-class efficiency, enabling minimalization of  
rig time and rig emissions.
Decarbonizing Operations 
In addition to decarbonizing our own operations and 
investing in new energy technology ventures, a key 
part of our strategy to advance sustainability within our 
industry is by developing technologies and services that 
help our customers reduce their environmental footprint 
across the exploration and production (E&P) life cycle. 
Transition Technologies Portfolio
In 2021 we announced our comprehensive 2050 net zero 
commitment inclusive of Scope 3 emissions—a first for the 
energy services sector. We also announced the launch of 
our Transition Technology portfolio to address sustainability 
challenges and opportunities across the oil and gas industry 
value chain. 
Our Transition Technologies portfolio includes a select group  
of products and services that quantifiably reduce our 
customers’ GHG emissions footprint, while continuing to drive 
high performance, reliability, and efficiency. Supported by an 
industry-leading impact quantification framework, this portfolio 
is set to grow as we further embed sustainability into our 
research and development processes.
Given the short- and long-term need for oil and gas as part of the 
energy mix to meet global demand, Schlumberger is committed 
to developing innovative technologies aimed at enhancing 
oilfield efficiency, reducing E&P costs, improving productivity, 
maximizing reserve recovery, and increasing asset value—while 
simultaneously driving and improving sustainability impact. 
In 2021, we invested 
2.4% of our revenue  
in research and development across  
our technology portfolio.
CUSTOMER EMISSIONS 
The use of Schlumberger 
technologies by our customers 
accounts for approximately 
70% of Schlumberger’s 2019 
GHG footprint baseline. 
To address this, Schlumberger 
has introduced the Transition 
Technologies portfolio, which 
is designed to help customers 
reduce their emissions, while 
in turn enabling Schlumberger 
to meet its Scope 3 emissions 
targets. This portfolio aims 
at reducing emissions in 
production operations by 
addressing industry emissions-
related priorities such as
•  methane emissions 
•  flaring reduction  
•  electrification  
•   well construction emissions   
•   full field development solutions 
Full Field 
Development 
Solutions 
Address Fugitive 
& Vented Methane 
Emissions
Reduce or 
Eliminate Flaring
Minimize Well 
Construction CO2 
Footprint
Electrification of
Infrastructure
TRANSITION TECHNOLOGIES  
Portfolio as of December 2021
In Kazakhstan, Schlumberger 
deployed a zero-flaring well 
test and cleanup solution with 
customers, which has avoided 
the equivalent of more than 
240,000 metric tons of CO2e 
emissions to date. 
More than
technology solutions  
are currently in  
development.100
9Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Customer Avoided Emissions
With 70% of our total emissions footprint occurring during 
customer operations, we know that we can make the largest 
impact in terms of GHG emissions reductions by helping our 
customers achieve their own emissions reduction goals. As such, 
we collaborate with our customers to look at GHG footprint 
challenges through their perspective. The Transition Technologies 
address these challenges, with each product or service in the 
portfolio offering a quantified reduction to our customers’ GHG 
emissions footprint when compared to a reference technology 
 
or industry standard.
 
 
Full Field Development Solutions
 
This theme of the Transition Technologies portfolio focuses 
on reducing the impact of production operations, where the 
cumulative impact of a reduced footprint technology can last 
years or decades. Advanced technologies such as subsea 
boosting and subsea compression systems can reduce emissions 
by hundreds of thousands of metric tons of CO
2
e per year due 
 
to a reduction in energy consumption. 
Decarbonizing Operations
 continued
The all-electric surface actuator demonstrator enables remote valve operation and health 
monitoring savings costs by reducing visits to offshore platforms and remote locations.
IMPACT QUANTIFICATION FRAMEWORK FOR OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
A key part of our net zero goal and overall climate ambition is to reduce our customers’ 
greenhouse gas footprint using Schlumberger technology—throughout the full life cycle of our 
services and products. To support this goal, Schlumberger has developed a framework to quantify 
the environmental impact of our broad portfolio of products and services—both currently 
existing and in development. The framework focuses on oil and gas operations and facilitates 
a materiality assessment of the impactful lifecycle phases of a product or service and includes 
impact quantification methodology for assessing those phases. Comparing our technologies or 
processes to industry standards enables us to quantify the possible emissions reductions and 
allows our customers to make better, data-driven decisions to optimize the sustainability of their 
field development programs. 
Offshore Angola, Schlumberger Reservoir 
Performance enabled Eni to confirm 
minimum hydrocarbons in place and reservoir 
deliverability in just six weeks on its first 
2021 well without flaring using a combination 
of the Quanta Geo* photorealistic reservoir 
geology service and the deep transient testing 
capability of the Ora* intelligent wireline 
formation testing platform. Compared to 
traditional methods, this completely eliminated 
flaring-related greenhouse gas emissions.
 
10
Schlumberger Limited
   
|
   
2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
CLIMATE ACTION
NATURE
PEOPLE
MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
TCFD
INDEX
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
GOVERNANCE
HSE
 
 
 
 
Reduce or Eliminate Flaring
Flaring represents about 5% of oil and gas operational emissions
 
and includes both routine flaring and non-routine flaring.
Complementing the Schlumberger End-to-end Emissions 
Solutions
 
(SEES) solution, which is focused on elimination of 
routine flaring
 
operations, our portfolio of Transition Technologies 
includes
 
technologies and techniques that enable non-routine 
flaring
 
elimination from activities such as well testing and cleanups. 
We
 
also offer solutions to maximize flaring efficiency and 
minimize
 
unburned methane when flaring activity cannot be 
avoided.
Schlumberger End-to-end Emissions Solutions: Measure,
Monitor, Report, and Eliminate Methane and Flaring Emissions
Complementing the Transition Technologies portfolio, during 2021
 
we incubated the SEES concept ahead of a launch in early 2022.
SEES is a new set of services and cutting-edge technologies
 
designed to give operators a robust and scalable solution for
 
measuring, monitoring, reporting, and ultimately eliminating
 
methane and routine flaring emissions from their operations.

New Energy & Transition Opportunities 
The Celsius Energy dashboard shows the building’s 
thermal energy usage in real-time.
New Energy & Transition Opportunities 
We launched Schlumberger New Energy in 2020 to 
explore new opportunities in lower-carbon or carbon-
neutral energy technologies. Our approach is to 
apply our domain expertise in areas adjacent to our 
existing activities and leverage our global footprint and 
execution platform to deliver at scale. We are using 
partnership models and our experience in technology 
industrialization to expand into energy verticals beyond 
oil and gas. Our diverse New Energy portfolio includes 
ventures in CCS, energy storage, geothermal power, 
geoenergy for heating and cooling, sustainable battery-
grade lithium, and hydrogen as an energy carrier. 
Carbon Capture and Sequestration 
CCS is a critical component of advancing decarbonization 
and achieving the Paris Agreement’s climate change goals. 
As a technology leader in CCS and in the development of 
decarbonization and alternative energy solutions, Schlumberger 
is actively progressing CCS technologies and business models 
to enable widespread adoption. Recently, Schlumberger has 
explored creating strategic partnerships to assess, develop,  
and operate projects spanning the entire CCS value chain,  
from capture to storage. 
Hydrogen as an Energy Carrier
In a unique private-public partnership model, Genvia* combines 
Schlumberger’s expertise and experience with that of the French 
Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy Commission (CEA) and 
partners. Genvia will accelerate the development and the first 
industrial deployment of the CEA’s high-temperature solid-oxide 
electrolyzer technology. The aim of the venture is to deliver the 
most efficient and cost-effective technology for producing clean 
hydrogen, a versatile energy and key component of the energy 
transition. Genvia is partnering with industry leaders to scale 
technologies and accelerate the decarbonization of multiple 
industrial sectors. The first demonstrator projects will focus 
on efficiency, performance, and decarbonization of industrial 
processes for the steel and cement industries. The projects 
include collaboration with ArcelorMittal Méditerranée; Ugitech, 
part of Swiss Steel Group; Vicat; and Hynamics, a subsidiary  
of EDF group. 
Sustainable Battery-Grade Lithium
Our NeoLith Energy technology venture uses a differentiated 
direct lithium extraction process to produce high-purity, battery-
grade lithium material while reducing the production time from 
over a year to just weeks. This unique process is in sharp contrast 
to conventional evaporative methods of extracting lithium, with 
a significantly reduced groundwater usage physical footprint and 
related environmental impacts of traditional lithium extraction.
Geoenergy for Heating and Cooling 
Celsius Energy has eight ongoing projects in Europe and an 
expansion to the US. Our Celsius Energy venture uses geoenergy 
to provide heating and cooling solutions for new or existing 
construction, powered by the Earth. Leveraging our extensive 
knowledge of subsurface behavior, operational automation 
technology, and deep science expertise, the Celsius Energy 
solution helps meet global goals for reduced emissions. In 
2020, Celsius Energy replaced the heating and cooling setup in 
a 60-year-old Schlumberger manufacturing facility in Clamart, 
France, with a renewable geoenergy source. The project delivered 
a 60% reduction in energy consumption and 90% reduction in 
carbon emissions. 
Geothermal Power
Geothermal power uses the heat of the Earth to generate 
electricity by tapping hot water and steam zones that are 
continuously recharged naturally. With decades of expertise in 
the geothermal sector, GeothermEx, a Schlumberger company, 
provides the full spectrum of geothermal resource development 
services—from exploration and drilling through to analysis, 
resource modeling and management, financial modeling, and 
operational support. GeothermEx’s multidisciplinary approach 
has continuously served the geothermal industry since 1973. In 
2021, GeothermEx worked closely with Turkey’s Yerka Electricity 
Generation Co. to spearhead the country’s electricity generation 
diversification efforts. Currently, we are involved in approximately 
60 active geothermal projects globally.
 
11Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Creating In-Country Value
We invest in societies and 
communities by building 
partnerships to focus our social 
efforts: recruiting, hiring, and 
training where we work; sourcing 
from diverse local suppliers; and 
creating regional technology 
strategies with a high degree of 
local content.
Respecting Human Rights
We are committed to conducting 
business in a manner that 
preserves and respects 
human dignity and working 
with suppliers who share this 
commitment. Our respect for 
human rights is integral to the 
way we work.
Promoting Diversity,  
Equity, and Inclusion
Wherever we operate, we  
strive to put people first by  
building a truly diverse  
workforce, safeguarding  
peoples’ mental health and 
wellbeing, and endeavoring 
to create more inclusive 
environments—in the  
workplace, in our supply  
chains, and in host  
communities—so that every 
individual feels welcomed, 
accepted, respected, safe, 
and able to fully contribute.
People
We put people first by acting ethically, respecting human rights, 
keeping people safe, building a more diverse and inclusive 
workplace, driving positive social and economic outcomes, and 
managing our approach to climate change and energy transition 
in a fair and socially inclusive way.
1
2
Our People framework explains 
how we manage our impacts,  
meet high-level societal 
expectations and local  
obligations, and support the  
sustainable development goals 
where we work and live.
AWARDS
Colombia’s Campetrol 
Sustainability Awards:
Schlumberger winner in SDG 10: 
Reduction of Inequalities
2021 Empresa Socialmente 
Responsible, Distintivo ESR® 
2021 Progressive Aboriginal 
Relations (PAR), Committed: 
 
In recognition of indigenous 
relations by the Canadian 
Council of Aboriginal Business 
Awarded Military Friendly* 
Employer in 2021 for
the fifth year in a row.
3
12Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Creating In-Country Value
We Create In-Country Value By 
•    investing in communities by building local partnerships 
to drive action in support of achieving the UN SDGs, 
while addressing local challenges of most relevance  
to Schlumberger and the communities where we work 
and live
•   supporting economic opportunity by recruiting,  
hiring, and training where we work; sourcing from 
diverse local suppliers; and building regional  
technology and manufacturing strategies with  
a high degree of local content
•   managing a Schlumberger SAFE environment that 
reduces exposure to safety incidents and safeguards 
people’s mental health and wellbeing.
Investing in Communities
We strive to avoid harm to people, to make a marked and positive 
impact wherever we work, and to partner with our customers to 
support a stable operating environment in which communities 
and the energy industry can prosper. 
Schlumberger focuses on understanding and managing the 
impacts of our operations, business relationships, and supply 
chain on people and society. Since 2014, Schlumberger’s 
Social Investment Management Guidelines have supported our 
operations by planning, designing, implementing, overseeing, and 
disseminating social programs at the country and business level. 
By engaging with customers, local authorities, and community 
representatives to provide insights on local needs, resources, and 
systems and focusing on issues that matter locally, we are able to 
leverage our experience and resources to establish partnerships, 
empower communities, and drive positive impact that meets the 
expectations of all our stakeholders.
SOCIAL INVESTMENT PLANNING
 
In 2021, each of our GeoUnits 
submitted social investment 
plans with commitments totalling 
USD 32 million. These plans 
covered both mandatory and 
discretionary social investments 
and are reviewed through our 
online portal for 
• community relations impact
• SDG alignment 
•  lo cal partnership opportunities 
with customers, suppliers, or 
local organizations 
•  l inks to business objectives 
such as cost, growth, and  
business continuity risk  
mitigation
•  em ployee engagement  
opportunities.
PROMOTING DIGITAL INCLUSION IN ECUADOR
In the Amazonia Region, we are collaborating with the Telecommunications Ministry of Ecuador 
to install the “last mile” of fiber optics needed to connect nine schools and their surrounding 
communities to the internet. By promoting digital connectivity in schools, we are increasing 
students’ access to quality education, in line with SDG 4, and supporting infrastructure 
improvements to help the next generation access the information they will need to lead  
the energy transition.
SUPPORTING WATER SERVICES IN MOZAMBIQUE
In Cabo Delgado province, Mozambique, the Schlumberger 
team is working with local authorities and partners on 
making potable water more available to rural and remote 
communities, in line with SDG 6, clean water  
and sanitation.
In 2021, we began planning a physical inventory check  
of water wells in our target area. The project continues 
in 2022 as we focus on diagnosing issues, helping 
repair wells, and supporting 16 communities to become 
autonomous in sustainably managing their drinking water  
supply systems.
In the UAE, employees ran a series of workshops 
for children to help raise awareness of climate 
change and prepare them for transitioning back  
to school after COVID-19 lockdowns.
In the US, employees presented at the Ocean  
Star Oilfield Energy Center Career Fair where they 
discussed professional trajectories and provided  
career advice to high school students.
13Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Education Outreach
One of our focus areas for social investment is education, which 
we deliver in alignment with SDG 4, promoting quality education 
and lifelong learning opportunities for all. Today our education 
outreach efforts are centered on three main programs:
•   Faculty for the Future – funding women from 
developing economies to pursue PHD or post-doctoral 
studies in STEM subjects at top universities worldwide, 
managed by the Schlumberger Foundation, a  
nonprofit organization
•   Schlumberger Excellence in Education Development 
(SEED) – providing STEM learning opportunities for 
young people since 1998
•   HSE for Youth – helping students understand and make 
safe HSE-related decisions
Creating In-Country Value continued
SEED
Worldwide, nearly 246,000 young  
people participated across 30 countries 
in nearly 600 SEED events in 2021. 
 
 2021  
SEED Events   
 ~
600 
 
Students Involved ~
246,000
Teachers Participating 
 ~
1,700
Schlumberger Employee Volunteers ~
700
HSE FOR YOUTH
 
 
 2021 Workshops  
COVID-19 
 2
47 
 
Climate Change and Environment 3
5
Road Safety
 9
P
ersonal Security
 8
 
E
bola 
8
 
Injury Prevention
 6
M
alaria 
 6
 
F
irst Aid
 5
I
nternet Safety 
 3
W
ater Sanitation 3
 
H
IV / AIDS 
 1
In Brazil, employees hosted an
online session with engineering 
students, technical high school 
students, and their teachers to 
discuss career opportunities for 
women in the energy industry.
In Nigeria, 
Schlumberger 
employees 
established a book 
reading project, 
visiting two local 
schools to inspire a 
love of literature and 
a passion for STEM 
learning. 
FACULTY FOR THE FUTURE  
  2020 2021  
New Fellowships Awarded
  3
8
 3
1 
 
Fellowships Renewed
  9
3
 5
5
 
Total Fellows and Alumnae Since 2004
 7
39
 7
70
 
Total Host Universities and Research Institutions Since 2004
 2
76
 2
81
The Faculty for the Future program seeks to positively impact gender balance in science disciplines  
by reinforcing the presence and qualifications of women in developing and emerging economies.
14Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Supply Chain Localization
Schlumberger is committed to optimizing the opportunities 
afforded to local suppliers based in the countries where we 
operate wherever technically feasible lawful and where it 
makes business sense. For example, we cultivate and engage 
local suppliers by implementing local content plans and supplier 
development programs in the communities affected by our 
operations. A focus of these programs is to ensure that our local 
suppliers have the skills necessary to deliver our required scope 
of work and are afforded the same opportunities to participate 
in our procurement process as other supply chain participants.
Regional Technical Capabilities
With a focus on local economies, Schlumberger is investing 
in regional technical strategies that facilitate regional energy 
access with a high degree of local content.
We have two themes relating to regional technology strategies:
Fit for Basin and Technology Access. In both cases, our ambition 
is to create additional growth and return opportunities for
Schlumberger in a basin, while creating local value and 
opportunity in the basin or country and indirectly contributing 
to energy access. In-Country value creation and local 
partnerships are key components of these solutions.
In Technology Access projects, we partner with local service 
providers by selling, leasing, or licensing to them selected 
Schlumberger technologies, which they in turn operate for their 
customers. In these ventures, Schlumberger gains access to 
new markets, our partners get the opportunity to work with 
established Schlumberger technologies, and customers gain 
access to technologies they would otherwise not have had the 
opportunity to use as part of their local commercial agreements. 
This approach also supports our corporate transition to a more 
asset-light portfolio, especially when implemented in business 
lines that are traditionally capital intensive.
In Fit for Basin, we develop technology to address a specific
technical challenge inside a basin that cannot be addressed 
from within the global technology portfolio, due to technical 
specifications or commercial challenges. These solutions 
could incorporate both hardware and software customization. 
They also provide enhanced customer engagement and, in 
many cases, an opportunity to accelerate development and 
consequently energy access in the region.
LOCAL CONTENT PRINCIPLES
In addition to complying with 
regulatory and contractual 
local content requirements, 
Schlumberger seeks to 
contribute to sustainable 
development by implementing 
local content plans and in-house 
programs that support supplier 
development and enhance 
the scale and quality of local 
procurement. Our approach  
is outlined in our Local  
Content guide.
PROCURING SALT IN ANGOLA
In 2021, our Angola team 
developed a tailored salt 
procurement strategy to 
support local suppliers, reduce 
lead times for import, decrease 
our carbon footprint through 
reduced freight, and maintain 
flexibility for our customers.
Working with local mining 
companies, Schlumberger 
created supplier development 
plans focused on quality 
control and facilitated logistics 
requirements, enabling local 
suppliers to access contracts 
valued at over USD 1 million in 
2021 and 2022.
FIT FOR BASIN 
 
Fit for Basin describes not only our approach to developing discrete technologies to address regional operational challenges,  
but also encompasses using the local value chain and tailored contract models where the challenge is commercial.  
One example is a portfolio of completions products adapted for the local market in Saudi Arabia. To manufacture these fit-for-
basin technologies, we opened a new technology manufacturing center in the Saudi Aramco-operated King Salman Energy 
Park, or SPARK. This facility is now delivering, creating in-country value local supply, and positions us as regional leaders in 
production systems equipment.
An example of using different commercial models is our wireline technology access collaboration in China, which enables  
us to participate in a new market. We are contributing to the growth of the capabilities of our partner, China Petroleum Logging 
Company, with our ThruBit* through-the-bit logging services and leveraging local manufacturing and support.
Fit-for-Basin is an approach that we believe will amplify our sustainability impact.  In all cases, the goal is to create shared value.
Creating In-Country Value continued
15Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Recruiting Where We Work
We recognize that our ability to attract, develop, motivate, and 
retain a highly competent and diverse workforce has been key 
to our success for many decades. As a global company focused 
on creating and optimizing value for our customers, we believe 
it is critical for our people to be able to communicate with our 
customers in their native languages and to share the values 
of the people in the countries where we work. We are known 
as a company with global resources and local expertise, able 
to understand, respect, and work in the local culture of our 
customers. As such, we recognize that diversity and inclusion 
are business imperatives for attracting the best talent from 
around the world and enabling creativity and innovation to drive 
business success.
Human Capital Management
Employee Recruitment and Retention
We have developed programs designed to recruit and 
retain employees and to identify ways to increase employee 
engagement and satisfaction across the organization.
To help identify future employees, we also offer several 
internships for students. Interns generally progress through  
a period of intensive off-the-job technical training or receive  
on-the-job training interspersed with formal seminars.
Employee Development
The energy industry and the global work environment have 
shifted drastically in the last few years, making the mission 
of business leaders more complex and challenging. At 
Schlumberger, we are committed to fostering the growth 
and development of our employees. For both our current and 
future leaders, we focus on instilling a leadership skillset and 
mindset from day 1 of our onboarding training, through ongoing 
classroom training, digital content, and personalized coaching 
at various levels of management.
HUMAN CAPITAL AWARDS
Top 10 most appreciated 
employers in Romania: 
Schlumberger awarded in the 
Industrial production category.  
In Malaysia, Schlumberger was 
recognized as a top employer 
across several annual rankings: 
The Graduates’ Choice Awards, 
Malaysia’s 100 Leading 
Graduate Employers rankings, 
the Graduan Brand Awards, and 
the HR Asia Best Companies to 
Work For - Malaysia Edition. 
The African Shapers’ 100 
Female Executives in the Oil 
and Gas Industry in Africa: 
Schlumberger employees were 
recognized as recipients in the 
Drilling and Completion Services 
category and in the ESG 
Environment category. 
UK’s Most Attractive Employers 
2021: Schlumberger made the 
Top 100 Employer list. 
In 2021, Schlumberger onboarded approximately 
new employees and  
contractors almost  
entirely digitally.  
 16,000
We target less than 11 
months from onboarding 
to autonomous job 
performance.  
 
Compensation Arrangements
As part of our total rewards package, we systematically offer 
to full-time and part-time employees benefits related to life 
and accident insurance, short-term and long-term disability 
coverage, and retirement savings plans. All Schlumberger 
employees are eligible to receive equity-based compensation 
awards under Schlumberger’s stock plans.
In addition, as of January 2022, approximately 98% of full-time 
Schlumberger employees were eligible to participate in the 
Company’s employee discounted stock purchase plan (with the 
remaining 2% ineligible primarily due to local legal restrictions).
Schlumberger employees are encouraged to freely discuss  
their occupational interests with management, in good faith 
and in accordance with local laws. Schlumberger actively 
participates in collective bargaining agreements with 
employees in several countries.
Creating In-Country Value continued
16Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Schlumberger is committed to conducting business in 
a manner that preserves and respects human dignity, 
which is fundamental to our purpose—to create 
amazing technology that unlocks access to energy for 
the benefit of all. By respecting human rights, we look 
to avoid harm, and we have the potential to contribute 
to more inclusive societies.
We Respect Human Rights By
•   making human rights a topic our employees and 
contractors can understand, speak about and act upon
•   working with suppliers who respect and comply with our 
Working Conditions Requirements
•   providing mechanisms for employees and suppliers to 
report any human rights concerns. 
Human Rights Position Statement
Our Human Rights Position Statement provides additional  
details about our approach to human rights. It incorporates 
international recognized human rights standards including the  
UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and 
relevant ILO Conventions.
UN Global Compact
Our 2021 Communications on Progress outlines our progress on 
the 10 United Nations Global Compact Principles  
on human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption.  
Modern Slavery
We prohibit any use or contracting, directly or indirectly, of 
child labor, forced labor, human trafficking, or other form of 
modern slavery. Our 2021 Modern Slavery Statement outlines 
our policies and goals with respect to the prevention of slavery 
and human trafficking within our own operations, value chain, 
and relationships, as well as relevant actions taken in 2021 in 
furtherance of these policies and goals.
Respecting Human Rights
NINE FUNDAMENTAL PRINCIPLES OF SCHLUMBERGER’S WORKING CONDITIONS REQUIREMENTS 
2
Child Labor Shall  
Not Be Used
3
No Discrimination
is Practiced
4
No Harsh or Inhumane 
Treatment is Allowed
1
Employment is
Freely Chosen
5
Wages are
Respected
8
Complaints and Feedback Systems 
for Workers are in Place
7
Freedom of Association 
is Respected
9
Working Conditions 
are Safe and Hygienic
6
No Workers Should 
Pay a Fee for a Job
Indigenous People: Australia 
Reconciliation Action Plan
Our Innovate Reconciliation 
Action Plan (RAP) for Australia 
is our roadmap to build stronger 
relationships with Aboriginal and 
Torres Strait Islander peoples, 
reduce Aboriginal inequalities 
in line with the UN SDGs and 
reinforce our commitment 
to perform with purpose in 
Australia.  
Our RAP supports culturally 
safe worksites, culturally aware 
non-Aboriginal and Torres 
Strait Islander workforce, and 
provides avenues for innovative 
and targeted meaningful 
engagement through longer-
term business and employment 
opportunities.
Our Human Rights programs 
are focused on identifying 
appropriate measures to verify 
that workers in our supply  
chain are treated in 
accordance with our nine 
fundamental principles for 
enhancing respect for the 
rights of workers, as shown  
in the graphic at the left.
17Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Developed global guidelines for  
human rights due diligence in our
supply chain.
Deployed the IPIECA and Building  
Responsibly modern slavery training materials in  
the Schlumberger eLearning Platform and developed 
tr
aining pathways for employees and contractors  
with touchpoints to human rights.
Integrated human rights moments into 
our HSE Communications Toolbox to 
facilitate discussion of human rights at the 
beginning of a meeting or a work shift.
Delivered tailored training on  
ethical recruitment and the  
Employer Pays Principle to more than 
100 employees
6
independent human  
rights audits of our  
facilities and suppliers  
in five countries.
Completed
Began development  
of an Introduction to  
Human Rights video  
training, which will  
become mandatory 
for all employees and  
contractors and be 
rolled out in 2022. 
Updated our Respect 
and Professionalism in 
the Workplace training, 
which is mandatory 
for all employees and 
contractors, as we 
continue our drive 
to a more inclusive 
environment.
Piloted an industry-standard  
self-assessment questionnaire  
(SAQ) in several GeoUnits.
Respecting Human Rights continued
Launched a campaign  
on United Nations  
Human Rights Day to  
raise awareness and 
engagement levels  
among employees.
For more than                          years,  
Schlumberger has been focused  
on Human Rights.
2021 ACHIEVEMENTS
18Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Promoting Talent & DEI 
One of Schlumberger’s greatest strengths is the 
diversity of our workforce. Achieving increased 
nationality and cultural diversity and gender balance 
across all parts of our organization has been a focus for 
Schlumberger for many years. Our ability to attract and 
retain top talent enables us to develop innovative, fit-for-
basin solutions for our customers and to implement our 
business strategies. We strive to promote and cultivate 
an atmosphere of equity and inclusion where every 
member of the Schlumberger team is encouraged to 
share ideas and positively contribute to our organization.
Diversity as a Competitive Advantage 
Our focus on putting people first is the first element of our 
corporate strategy, because our ability to attract, develop, 
motivate, and retain a highly competent and diverse workforce 
has been key to our success for many decades.
Our diverse workforce positions us to effectively deliver 
services and products that meet the unique expectations and 
requirements of our stakeholders, including customers, suppliers 
and shareholders. At Schlumberger, we recognize that cultivating 
diversity and promoting inclusion are not just the right thing to 
do—they are essential to attracting the best talent from around 
the world and enabling creativity and innovation to drive business 
success.  
Energy transition and changing geopolitics are both increasingly 
driving regionalization. Schlumberger is competitively well 
positioned from both a workforce and a technology perspective 
to manage this risk and capture the opportunity that it represents 
for the company and for the countries where we work.  
National and Cultural Diversity  
Our employees represent more than 160 nationalities and have 
experience in more than 120 countries. Schlumberger recruits 
and develops people in alignment with our business objectives, 
and we have continued to maintain a workforce nationality 
mix aligned to the revenue derived from the countries in which 
we work, as reflected in the charts at right. Our long-standing 
commitment to national and cultural diversity fosters a culture 
that is global in outlook, yet local in practice, which permeates 
every layer of the company. This commitment is particularly 
important in the context of increasing regionalization and 
deglobalization and represents a competitive advantage  
for Schlumberger.
Employees from non-Western countries and emerging economies 
are integrated into every level of our workforce, including senior 
management. Our executive leadership team includes officers 
from Europe, North America, Australia, Asia, North Africa, and 
the Middle East. In addition, our geographically diverse Board 
of Directors collectively represent 10 nationalities across five 
continents, as detailed in our 2022 proxy statement.
Gender Balance  
Gender balance is another important pillar of our diversity and 
inclusion strategy. We are committed to lead our industry in 
gender diversity, and we incentivize Schlumberger managers to 
continuously challenge gender stereotypes and to monitor and 
increase the representation of women within their teams. We 
are on track to reach our interim milestone of 25% women in our 
salaried employee population by 2025. As a result, in 2021, we 
set our next milestone to continue our progress—for women to 
comprise 30% of our salaried employee population by 2030. This 
target includes executive roles and all other salaried positions.
In 2021, we continued the progress we made in 2020 toward our 
gender balance milestone, across all levels and particularly in 
leadership roles. Women held 18% of all senior management roles 
at the Company in 2021, a 4% increase year over year, and made 
up 30% of our executive leadership team at year-end. In addition, 
approximately 18% of our total workforce and 23% of our salaried 
employee population were women at year-end 2021. Women 
also represented approximately 48% of our 2021 new hires for 
salaried roles with STEM backgrounds, up from 45% in 2020. 
39%
Middle East and Asia
33%
Europe, CIS, and Africa
15%
Latin America
13%
North America
2021 NATIONALITY MIX
1%
Others
19%
North America
19%
Latin America
25%
Europe, CIS, and Africa
36%
Middle East and Asia
2021 REVENUE CONTRIBUTION
Our equal pay gap is 2.68%  
in favor of men and is tied 
to the gap in experience.
Our efforts to recruit more  
women and our culture of  
promotion from within lead  
to a positive momentum for  
gender balance that translates 
into an experience gap within 
similar roles.
 
Nationalities  
in Our  
Workforce
160+  
Nationalities  
on Our Executive  
Leadership Team
9  
Nationalities
Among Our 
Managers
110
as of year-end 2021
Our main focus 
remains to increase 
representation of 
women at all levels  
of the organization.
19Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) 
In 2021, we launched ThisAbility, a new ERG that expands on 
our preexisting groups: Connect Women; Black Organization for 
Leadership & Diversity (BOLD); and LGBT + Allies. ThisAbility aims 
to build a community of employees across the company while 
providing a space for employees with disabilities and employee 
caregivers to share experiences if they wish to do so.
No Discrimination  
Schlumberger obeys the employment laws of the countries in 
which it operates and does not engage in discrimination based 
on race, color, gender, age, sexual orientation, ethnicity, disability, 
religion, union membership, or marital status in hiring and 
employment practices such as promotions, rewards, and access 
to training, as indicated in our Code of Conduct and our Human 
Rights Position Statement. 
Employees receive training on the Code of Conduct during their 
onboarding. This training is tracked in our system of record. 
 
A focus on discrimination is also included in the training of our 
recruiters, hiring managers, and campus managers prior to 
university or hiring events. We regularly review our historical 
hiring data to identify any biases that might have occurred in the 
selection process. This information is then communicated to our 
hiring manager and recruiters in reviewing our hiring practices. 
We encourage employees to report any concerns.
We target parity  
in hiring and 50%  
gender balance.
 
Equal Pay Gap Tied to Experience
We recently published our 2021 Women and Pay report, the 
industry’s first global pay gap report. We reported that our equal 
pay gap is 2.68% in favor of men and is tied to a two-year gap in 
experience within similar roles. 
Our efforts to recruit more women and our culture of promotion 
from within lead to a positive momentum for gender balance 
that translates into an experience gap within similar roles. Our 
main focus remains to increase representation of women at all 
levels of the organization.
Supplier Diversity Programs 
We believe supplier diversity is important for business continuity 
 
as well as a pathway to economic prosperity for underrepresented 
groups. As a result, we have developed supplier diversity 
programs in several countries, including the United States 
 
and Canada. 
United States Supplier Diversity Program
In 2021, we enhanced our internal business systems to 
 
better visualize and identify diverse suppliers. We developed 
 
a standardized process to facilitate more inclusive sourcing,
 
 along with tools to increase awareness and participation of 
 
the program within the Schlumberger supply chain team. We
 
 believe this initiative will ultimately allow Schlumberger to 
 
Promoting Talent & DEI
 continued
Hires with STEM Background, 
 
% Women
 
 
 
2
020   
 
4
5%
 
2021
 
4
8%
 
Female to 
 
%
The purpose of our US supplier 
diversity program is to provide 
opportunities to historically 
underrepresented businesses 
 
to become a customer of choice, 
while supporting the participation 
 
of diverse local suppliers, making 
 
a contribution to economic growth 
 
in the communities where we work 
and live.
30
%
Executive Team
New STEM Hires
2021 WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP
We are on track to reach our interim milestone of 25% women 
in our salaried employee population by 2025 and have set the 
next milestone of 30% by 2030 to continue progress.
realize untapped potential in the supply market, positively impact 
local communities, and continue to be the customer of choice for 
our partners.
To further strengthen our collaboration with diverse suppliers, 
 
we engage them in
•  
 
small and diverse supplier workshops
•  
 
innovation forums
•  
 
diversity advocacy organization engagements.
Canada Supplier Diversity and Aboriginal Relations
This program’s vision is to engage with Aboriginal communities 
and demonstrate our commitment through our actions and 
partnerships.
We engage Canadian Aboriginal suppliers through
•  
 
progressive Aboriginal Relations Program
•  
 
partnerships with Aboriginal hiring organizations
•  
 
engaging with customers on Aboriginal initiatives
•  
 
membership in the Canadian Council for Aboriginal 
 
Business (CCAB).
Schlumberger’s US supplier 
diversity goal is to increase 
 
and maintain diverse spend to 
 
at least 10% of our total spend 
 
on US-based businesses.
20
Schlumberger Limited
   
|
   
2021 Sustainability Report
CLIMATE ACTION
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
PEOPLE
NATURE
MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
TCFD
INDEX
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
GOVERNANCE
HSE
49
 
A
M
c
a
h
l
i
e
e
 
v
H
e
ir
d
i
 
n
in
g
 
 
2
R
0
a
2
te
1
2
Man
 
2
ageme
%
nt-Level Roles
 
48
 
%

Nature
Schlumberger has identified three key environmental priorities 
that are significant for our operations: safeguarding biodiversity, 
protecting natural resources, and enabling circularity. These 
priorities were chosen based on customer and industry 
imperatives, applicability, impact, and risk.
Safeguarding Biodiversity
Schlumberger designs and 
manages its operations  
to minimize the impact  
on ecosystems and  
biodiversity across the  
lifecycle of each facility,  
activity, product, or service.
Protecting Natural Resources
We strive to minimize our  
impact on the environment by 
preventing pollution, reducing 
natural resource consumption 
and emissions, and reducing  
and recycling waste. 
 
Enabling Circularity
Schlumberger enables circularity 
through responsible resource 
procurement in conjunction with 
engineered solutions to promote 
the longevity of product use.
1
2
3
21Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Safeguarding Biodiversity
Schlumberger has developed a risk-based procedure for 
the creation of ecosystem and biodiversity management 
plans to minimize, mitigate, and manage ecosystem 
and biodiversity impacts. These plans are designed 
to protect sensitive wildlife areas, flora and fauna, 
ecosystems, and conservation areas. They are designed 
to prevent the introduction of invasive species, and 
they establish conditions to facilitate the rehabilitation 
or restoration of land areas impacted by Schlumberger 
activities. 
Risk assessments are performed before the initiation of any 
business activities, to assess potential impacts of current and 
planned activities on biodiversity. This is done to mitigate and 
monitor impacts throughout the contract life cycle. Schlumberger 
facilities are designed to minimize the physical footprint to reduce 
potential environmental impacts. 
Schlumberger designs and manages its operations to minimize 
the impact on ecosystems and biodiversity across the life cycle 
of each facility, activity, product, and service. Appropriate 
risk controls are applied when Schlumberger operates in 
environmentally sensitive areas, including areas that have the 
potential for impact to wildlife or where operations could possibly 
introduce invasive species or could impact a large body of 
land or water. Furthermore, we aim to preserve the indigenous 
vegetation of the land when we build worksites and use native 
plants and species when rehabilitating worksites. 
Schlumberger endeavors to use existing infrastructure to avoid 
or reduce the need for land clearance for construction and seeks 
to avoid environmentally sensitive areas when building new 
infrastructure. We strive to minimize environmental disturbance, 
restrict the movement of machinery and equipment during work 
activities, plan land restoration, and schedule activities that may 
cause disruption and disturbance to wildlife as appropriate to 
avoid sensitive periods of the year. 
Our biodiversity actions focus mainly on these four areas: 
•   Protecting Wildlife - Measures are taken to avoid 
interactions with wildlife to prevent potential health 
and safety incidents associated with our activities 
and operations. Furthermore, activities are planned to 
avoid disruption of wildlife movements and habitats. In 
locations where wildlife interactions cannot be avoided, 
arrangements are made to accommodate movements to 
minimize potential harm. 
•   Rehabilitation and Restoration of Land - Planning is 
undertaken to rehabilitate and restore land associated 
with our assets and infrastructure to either the condition 
of the site prior to activities or a condition suitable 
for the land’s next intended use. Our ecosystem and 
biodiversity risk management processes and our 
environmental spill and emergency response procedures 
set forth that all required remediation and restoration 
activities occur concurrently with our operations, both at 
Schlumberger facilities and at our customers’ worksites. 
•   Prevention and Management of Land Contamination -  
Environmental assessments are conducted prior to 
acquisition and entry onto new facilities, to evaluate 
past and current impacts to soil, bodies of water, and 
any environmentally sensitive receptors as part of the 
due diligence process. Minimum setback distances or 
restrictions are put in place for activity infrastructure in 
proximity to flood-prone areas, watercourses, wetlands, 
and individual and public water supplies.  
 
During the disassembly of surface facilities or  
equipment, land contamination is avoided by using 
ground protection measures inclusive of secondary 
containment and impermeable layers. 
•   Decommissioning and Abandonment - Worksites 
that show visible signs of impact of our activities or 
are known sites of previous spills and releases are 
remediated, and soil samples are tested to show that 
the soil has been returned to either the condition of the 
site prior to activities, or a condition suitable for the next 
intended use in accordance with commitments made in 
contracts, permits and legislation. 
METRICS AND TARGETS
As part of our ecosystem and biodiversity management plans, we develop measuring and 
monitoring plans that include, but are not limited to
•   progress toward land restoration objectives 
•   evidence of positive contributions to conservation efforts, such as outreach programs, 
education, research, and proactive conservation actions 
•   allocation and protection of land within the contract area that has been designated for 
biodiversity conservation and management 
•   evidence for incorporation of adaptive management of impacts on biodiversity and 
ecosystems. 
We track key environmental metrics internally through our centralized HSE reporting system.
Having transparency on this data enables us to better manage our environmental impact. 
22Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Protecting Natural Resources
As a company in an extractive industry, Schlumberger 
realizes the importance of respecting and protecting 
the world’s natural resources. To that effect, we are 
currently developing a formal water stewardship 
strategy—beyond our existing water management 
process—that will include metering and future water 
risk assessments. These actions will help us identify 
water conservation opportunities and better understand 
the locations where our facilities, employees, and 
suppliers are most vulnerable to water risks.
Water and Waste Conservation Practices
Schlumberger is committed to responsibly managing shared 
water resources by minimizing water use and effluent discharge. 
We require that our activities, products, and services be 
designed, procured, and used with the goal of efficiently 
managing resource consumption. Schlumberger operations and 
activities involving water resources must seek to maximize the 
reuse of water; investigate opportunities for rainwater collection 
and the potential for using suitable effluent from other processes 
as the source of water; minimize freshwater use, especially 
in areas prone to seasonal, sporadic, or year-round water 
shortages; and if cooling water is required, use recirculating 
systems where feasible. 
When we take actions relating to water resources, we consider 
local circumstances such as environmental sensitivities 
and water availability. We also develop site-specific water 
resource management procedures that address the water 
usage requirements at our facilities and operations, as well as 
controls and procedures to manage related impacts. A resource 
management procedure for water generally identifies the 
applicable sources of water supply and the principal uses of 
water and includes the following  
•   risk assessment of the suitability, quality, sustainability, 
and reliability of the water supply to Schlumberger and 
to other relevant stakeholders  
•   assessment of opportunities to improve water  
use efficiency  
•   assessment of the requirements for process and potable 
water over the lifetime of the operation or project  
•   details of applicable permits and licenses that are 
required to be obtained prior to sourcing water supplies  
•   planned inspection and maintenance programs for 
water storage and supply infrastructure. 
COMMITMENT TO REDUCING WASTE AND EFFLUENT DISCHARGES
Schlumberger is committed to managing and reducing waste materials and effluent discharges throughout our facilities, and we  
have set internal objectives and targets focused on effluent management. Most Schlumberger sites have internal waste minimization  
plans, and certain sites are required to submit waste minimization and pollution prevention progress reports. Our waste suppliers  
are contractually required to comply with all applicable laws, ordinances, and regulations at the federal, state, provincial, and local 
levels. We periodically audit our approved waste suppliers, and we hold at least one annual environmental business review with our 
top suppliers. Our waste data covers 100% of our business operations and includes waste from facilities, manufacturing, building, 
remodeling, and discarded sand from wellsite operations. We reuse materials when possible and continue to seek opportunities to 
reduce both our direct consumption of resources and the waste we generate. 
270,000 25%
The closed-loop water recycling system at our largest facility in Guyana helps to conserve water while reducing disposal to sewers.
1.6ML /year water saved
188 metric tons CO2 saved
Reduce Waste 
Generation
-2.4%
footprint reduction
-7%
consumption / year
-12.5%
/year
liters of water processed in 2021 of this water recycled in 2021
Wastewater Plant Project Villahermosa to Recycle Water 
23Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Controlling our Discharges
We have procedures in place designed to minimize, respond  
to, and control the environmental impact of uncontained spills  
at company worksites and at some third-party-controlled 
worksites. These procedures are risk based and rely on 
accurately assessing the activities that have potential spill risk.  
A specific protocol is then developed to appropriately address 
potential spill scenarios. We have an oil spill response plan in 
place that covers 100% of our operations. 
Chemical Management
Schlumberger has a chemical management process in place  
to manage the risks associated with chemicals used in our 
activities, products, and services, to protect Schlumberger 
employees, customers, contractors, suppliers, and property,  
as well as the environment. Our chemical management 
process also serves to promote compliance with regulatory 
and contractual requirements. We have a formal chemical 
management process as part of our global Chemical Standard, 
covering the life cycle of a chemical from product development, 
sourcing, procurement, manufacturing, and sale, to use and 
safe handling, transportation, and storage, to the end of the life 
cycle at disposal. The objective of the standard is to eliminate 
or mitigate the impact of chemical-related incidents—including 
impacts to biodiversity—by assessing and controlling the risks 
related to the different phases of the life cycle of chemicals  
sold as products, used in the delivery of services, or processed 
by Schlumberger.
Schlumberger is committed to reducing risks associated with 
hazardous chemicals through waste minimization and waste 
elimination programs. We apply a risk-based approach including 
a risk assessment process prior to introducing new chemicals and 
compounds to our operations to maintain compliance with our 
strict safety standards.
All engineered and Schlumberger trade name chemicals go 
through our Lifecycle Management System, which includes an 
HSE and regulatory assessment. At the beginning of the life cycle 
of a product, we evaluate its chemistry to identify appropriate 
methods of mitigating chemical-related risks. Our dedicated 
chemical regulatory team works in close coordination with our 
research and development team to identify and reduce HSE and 
regulatory risks early. Our product development and sustaining 
teams focus on identifying chemical-related opportunities 
and developing and using more environmentally sustainable 
chemicals. When purchasing and designing chemicals, 
Schlumberger considers the chemical’s life cycle up to and 
including disposal of the chemical.
We have long been committed to transparency in our chemical 
disclosure. We also require our suppliers to provide us with full 
disclosure regarding any chemicals that we purchase from them 
before we can include such chemicals in our portfolio.
Protecting Natural Resources continued
ADDITIVE MANUFACTURING
 
For more than two decades we have been evaluating and incorporating Additive Manufacturing 
(AM) techniques in our operations. 
AM is the process of creating an object by building it one layer at a time—usually through  
3D printing rather than casting—with any number of materials, such as polymers, metals,  
ceramics, elastomers, gels, or biomaterials. In addition to improving efficiency for our  
manufacturing, AM provides a number of sustainability benefits, such as
•   reducing material consumption and waste 
•   lessening time and investment, as it does not rely on traditional manufacturing’s supply chain
•   producing small lot sizes, as the setup cost for small quantities is often prohibitive
•   allowing for better customization and R&D
•   reducing material, waste, energy, inventory, and transportation, which leads  
to fewer emissions.
We employ multiple AM technologies, both internally and with service providers globally, and we 
have a centralized dedicated AM technology team working on de-risking, developing, Design for 
AM training, tech-watch, and coordinating with internal project teams, external suppliers, research 
laboratories, and universities.
We find that the digital fabrication process is enabling localized distributed production, benefiting 
the environment by reducing transportation and thus, GHG emissions.
In Kuwait, our team is reusing  
and recycling waste material by  
transforming it into garden products  
so the local community can grow  
its own fruits and vegetables.  
The Schlumberger team is also  
planting trees and flowers in  
community gardens.
24Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

For Schlumberger, managing environmental impacts 
such as air emissions, discharge prevention, and  
l
eading conservation practices around the world  
is crucial.
 
Managing Environmental Impacts
Schlumberger’s QHSE Policy Statement, which is signed  
by our CEO, requires from all employees and contractors  
an active commitment to, and accountability for, quality,  
health, safety, and the environment (QHSE). Our QHSE 
commitments include minimizing our impact on the 
 
environment through pollution prevention, reduction of  
natural resource consumption, emission minimization, recycling, 
and waste reduction. Line
 
management has a leadership  
role in the communication and implementation of and 
maintaining compliance with QHSE policies and
 
standards.
   
T
he management and mitigation of the environmental  
impact of our operations is the direct responsibility of  
our line management. Our environmental management  
system and standard are the responsibility of our Vice President 
of HSE, supported by our Global Environmental Manager. 
Our global sustainability strategy—including environmental 
sustainability programs and initiatives to  
improve aspects of biodiversity—is the responsibility of  
our Vice President of Sustainability, supported by our  
Director of Environmental Sustainability. 
Schlumberger uses a flexible, risk-based approach to manage 
and mitigate the environmental aspects and impacts of 
our activities, products, and services. This includes our 
environmental impact on nature and biodiversity, as well as 
operational emissions. Our commitment to environmental 
protection requires that a minimum standard of environmental 
performance is established at each of the company’s facilities  
in conjunction with local regulatory requirements. 
ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT 
STANDARDS AND CERTIFICATIONS 
 2021  
ISO 14001 Certified Sites  
 7
3 
 
Number of sites subject 
  
t
o environmental audit 
 5
45 
requirement
% of sites subject to 
 1
3 
environmental  
audit requirement  
AIR EMISSIONS
We are committed to reducing air emissions from our operations. Schlumberger’s Environmental Management Standard  
sets forth our requirements for monitoring emissions and complying with local air quality standards. 
For BP in Oman, 80,000 metric tons of  
CO2e emissions were avoided during cleanup  
operations on 10 wells by implementing  
a Fit for Basin solution.
Protecting Natural Resources continued
25Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Enabling Circularity
Our Technology Lifecycle Management (TLM)  
function oversees the lifecycle of Schlumberger assets 
from manufacture to retirement, to optimize our 
technology’s reliability, sustainability, and performance.
Schlumberger has many assets ranging from land vehicles to 
downhole mechanical and electrical tools to meet our clients’ 
operational needs.
The TLM function unites the Sustaining Engineering and 
Maintenance organizations to focus on more reliable and 
efficient maintenance of our assets throughout our global 
maintenance network. A key capability that comes from the 
TLM function is the return on experience provided by our 
technicians and engineers on the condition of our assets while 
they are maintained. Through this we continually seek to extend 
performance, life, and circularity.
Some examples of how the TLM function relates to the circular 
economy are measures to maintain and prolong, reuse and 
redistribute, refurbish and remanufacture, and recycle.
Maintain and Prolong
Our TLM function focuses on moving assets through  
the maintenance process efficiently while continuing  
to service them to full operational readiness. To trigger 
these maintenance events, TLM is moving from traditional 
time-based maintenance, which can result in excessive 
transportation and servicing of assets, to condition-based 
maintenance, which optimizes the maintenance schedule 
based on the operational environment and measurable 
criteria. This capability is being further enhanced through 
new digital capabilities with intelligent health analyzers 
that advise on tool health and maintenance needs. 
Through optimizing maintenance programs, we can  
reduce the number of assets required along with 
resources consumed to maintain them.
In addition to optimizing the maintenance events of our 
assets, the TLM function has a framework and structure 
to maximize the life of our assets. Our maintenance 
and operations personnel work collaboratively with 
the technology, sustaining, and engineering teams to 
identify asset and component life limiters and continually 
implement maintenance program and design changes to 
extend their lifetime use. 
Reuse and Redistribute
To meet our clients’ needs across differing requirements, 
we aim to design our technologies in a modular manner. 
This enables assets to be reconfigured as required and 
avoids the manufacture of additional variants. This asset 
modularity is then combined with a strong focus on 
asset efficiency to maximize the global availability and 
redistribution of our fleet to avoid additional manufacture 
and distribution costs.
Refurbish and Remanufacture
Schlumberger continually optimizes our maintenance 
programs to minimize wasteful servicing of assets. 
However, due to the nature of the demands on our 
technology, when assets are disassembled to component 
level, some parts will be required to be replaced.
To further reduce the waste from this maintenance 
program, the TLM function has a network of trained repair 
resources who work with sustaining engineering and 
third-party experts to repair and recover components that 
would have historically been disposed of, returning them 
to as-new condition.
Recycle
When it is no longer possible to maintain, reuse, or 
remanufacture our assets or products, Schlumberger  
works with its suppliers to identify economically  
viable recycling opportunities.
At our Houston technology center, 
drilling bits that have reached their  
end of life are recycled. Most bits 
are made of tungsten-carbide matrix 
material that can be pulverized,  
decontaminated, and resintered  
to make new bits. Up to 30% of the 
consumed matrix powder can come 
from recycled materials, and this has 
enabled us to reclaim between  
150 and 300 tons of scrap bits per year.
In the Well Construction Division, through our repair and  
recover process, we have been able to repair and extend 
the life of tool collars. Since 2018, this process has 
saved 330,000 metric tons of CO2e as compared to the 
alternative of manufacturing a replacement.
26Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Schlumberger has a long-standing HSE commitment 
to the highest standards for the health, safety, and 
wellbeing of our employees and contractors, as well as 
to the protection of the environment in the communities 
in which we live and work.
Keeping People Safe
A significant proportion of injuries in our industry involve 
personnel with less than one year of service within a company. 
As a result, all new Schlumberger employees, as well as 
applicable contractors, are included in our New Employee Safety 
Training (NEST) program, which provides critical safety training 
to manage new employees’ increased HSE risks. We also have 
specific NEST trainings for contracted employees.  
 
HSE AWARDS 
EnergyPoint Research’s 2021 
Oilfield Services Customer 
Satisfaction Survey: 
Schlumberger ranked # 3  
in the HSE category. 
Energy Institute Awards: 
Schlumberger shortlisted  
in the Health and Safety 
category for the company’s 
COVID-19 response. 
International SOS Foundation’s 
Duty of Care Awards:  
Schlumberger shortlisted in the 
Communication category for 
our global COVID-19 response.
TRIF (Total Recordable Injury Frequency)
per 1 million work-hours, as per International 
Association of Oil & Gas Producers (IOGP)
Safety
EMPLOYEE WELLBEING 
In 2021, we launched our 
BlueFlex program and our 
Flexible Work policy to reflect 
our commitment to implement 
models that benefit employees’ 
work-life balance.
2021
2020 .71
2019 1.07
Improvement
.75
30%
In 2021, we assigned our first Global Health and Wellbeing Manager, 
recognizing the strategic need to support employees to live their 
best lives. The Live Well program was launched with the vision for 
Schlumberger employees to be the healthiest and happiest people in our 
industry, and our mission is to provide a positive environment for people 
to flourish and for business to thrive.
FACILITATED HSE CLASSES  
(Excluding online training) 
  # Students # C lasses  
NEST (New Employee Safety Training)
 4
,811
 4
25 
 
Facilitator Level 2
  2
17
 2
7
 
HSE Level 2
  3
,112
 2
54
HSE Level 3
  5
19
 5
2
 
HSE-Event Investigation Level 2
  1
6
 3
H
SE-Auditing Level 2 
  4
9
 6
 
F
irst Aid Level 2
  3
01
 4
3
 
CPR (Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation) 1
20 1
4
Driving Training  1
,617 1
82
 
Overhead Crane Operator
  5
6
 1
2
Onshore Mobile Crane Supervisor Level 2 
 3
57
 6
0
 
Forklift Operations Level 2
  1
34
 1
8
 
Banksman Slingers 
  8
0 1
4
More than 1,100 NEST classes, both virtual and  
in person, were held at Schlumberger in 2021.
 
In 2021, we recorded more than 
million HSE training 
hours, averaging 
approximately 41.5  
HSE training hours per person.
4.5
Final audited TRIF rate for 2021 reflects a 0.01 
increase to correct the 2021 data published in 
Schlumberger’s Annual Report.
Health, Safety, and Environment
ACHIEVEMENT (1)
2021 objective: 22% reduction 
ACHIEVED
2021 objective: 22% reduction 
ACHIEVED
2021 objective: Compliance  
level exceeding 95% overall
ACHIEVED
2021 objective: more than  
55 RIRs per person
ACHIEVED
100% 
ACHIEVED
OBJECTIVES
We annually set company-wide and  
geographic-specific TRIR objectives  
as percentage improvement compared 
with prior year’s performance
We annually set company-wide and  
geographic-specific AARm objectives  
as percentage improvement compared 
with prior year’s performance
We annually set company-wide and  
geographic-specific objectives for  
compliance with required HSE  
training programs
We annually set company-wide  
and geographic-specific objectives  
to increase our risk identification  
reporting rate
100% High Potential Event Reporting 
investigation, review, and closure
HSE INDICATOR
Total Recordable Incident Rate  
per million work hours (internal) (2) 
(employees and applicable contractors)
Automotive Accident Rate  
per million miles (AARm)  
(internal) (2)   
(employees and applicable contractors) (3)
Overall Training Coefficient  
(employees and applicable contractors)
Risk Identification Report Rate 
(employees and applicable contractors)
Reporting Rate for Higher  
Potential Events
1 Reflects only company-wide objectives and achievement levels. Geographic- and business line-specific objectives and achievement levels are not reflected.
2 Internal TRIF and AARm metrics reflect all Schlumberger-involved incidents or accidents, as applicable, including incidents that are not required to be recorded
by IOGP or OSHA (such as incidents occurring during off-duty hours). As a result, these internal performance metrics do not match our industry-recognized TRIF
and AARm figures in the performance data table.
3 “Applicable contractors” refers to the approximately 28,000 whose performance was included in our global QHSE business system as of December 31, 2021.
These contractors are to some degree under Schlumberger’s operational control, and so are included in our safety metrics in accordance with IOGP best
practices relating to contractor management (Mode 1 and Mode 2 contractors, as defined in IOGP Report 423). 
EXAMPLES OF SCHLUMBERGER NON-ZERO 2021 HSE PERFORMANCE OBJECTIVES
AND APPLICABLE ACHIEVEMENT LEVELS FOR EMPLOYEES AND CONTRACTORS
27Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Stakeholder engagement is critical to supporting 
our sustainability strategy. By actively listening to 
stakeholder feedback, we gain key insight that helps 
us to manage sustainability risks; align our business 
processes with local and national priorities, needs, 
and expectations; identify new business opportunities; 
maintain our social license to operate; and increase the 
productivity of our workforce. 
We engage with our stakeholders in various ways, including  
as follows:
•    Customers: Continuous engagement with our customers 
enables us to respond to and keep pace with their 
changing expectations around many issues in the energy 
industry. We strive to understand from our customers 
their unique energy transition journeys and inform them 
of our technological solutions that can enable their 
efforts as they strive to decarbonize. We collaborate 
with our customers to identify ways they can leverage 
our Transition Technologies portfolio of products and 
services to reduce their Scope 1 and 2 emissions. 
•    Employees: Our employees are highly professional 
people in the energy services industry, so we 
consider them to be the most credible ambassadors 
of Schlumberger and one of the company’s most 
important stakeholder groups. Therefore, engagement 
with our employees is used to develop internal policies, 
standards, and processes. 
Stakeholder Engagement
OUR COMMITMENT  
TO STAKEHOLDERS
 
Schlumberger strives to 
maintain and grow the  
trust and confidence  
of our customers and 
shareholders as well as all 
other stakeholders affected 
by our operations. When 
we clearly behave in an 
ethical manner, we enhance 
our reputation as a partner, 
employer, and community 
member.
28Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Stakeholder Engagement continued 
Sustainability Culture 
As Schlumberger sets ambitious sustainability targets, it is 
crucial for our workforce to be aware of and engage with our 
sustainability goals, as employees are the key driver of our 
sustainability performance. In 2021, we implemented various 
initiatives to operationalize sustainability across our organization, 
including as follows: 
 
 
•   We rolled out sustainability training for new hires, where they 
learn about our corporate sustainability strategy, as well as 
corporate and local initiatives, which they are encouraged to 
lead and get involved with. 
•    We included sustainability-related trainings developed  
by third-party organizations (edX, AWS, Degreed Meta, 
FutureLearn and others) on our learning management platform, 
available to all full-time employees to complete at their own 
pace. The training topics include sustainability in supply chain 
and circularity to technology, energy transition, renewable 
energy, and communications. 
•    We added a question to our annual employee engagement 
survey to track perception of our sustainability efforts.  
Seventy-two percent of employees viewed our sustainability 
efforts positively. Our ambition is for more than 85% of our 
workforce to respond positively to this question.  
ORGANIZATION EXAMPLES: 
Solar Impulse Foundation
SINTEF Low Emission Centre 
Columbia University SIPA 
Center on Global Energy 
Policy
IPIECA
UN Global Compact
Rice University’s Baker 
Institute of Public Policy 
Carbon Capture in Texas 
Working Group
Stanford University’s Natural 
Gas Initiative 
Stanford University’s Center 
for Induced and Triggered 
Seismicity industrial affiliates 
program
World Petroleum Council
Carbon Capture and Storage 
Association
•    Communities: 
– 
 S
chlumberger focuses on understanding and managing 
the impacts of our operations, business relationships, 
and supply chain on people and society. Engaging with 
local authorities and community representatives provides 
us insights on local needs, resources, and systems and 
helps us focus on issues that matter locally. We are 
then able to leverage our experience and resources to 
establish partnerships, empower communities, and drive 
positive impact that meets the expectations of all our 
stakeholders.
–   S
chlumberger’s long-established values have always 
included a commitment to invest in our people and local 
communities, and we continually look for opportunities 
to create positive impacts. We are involved in a variety 
of community programs worldwide, many of which are 
coordinated by employees who volunteer their time and 
expertise at the local level.
•    Investors: Our investor relations, sustainability, legal, 
and human resources teams engage with shareholders 
throughout the year to seek their views on key matters and 
then inform our Board and management about the issues 
and emerging governance trends that our stockholders tell 
us matter most to them. These engagements routinely cover 
executive compensation, corporate governance, company 
strategy and performance, sustainability, human rights, and  
other current and emerging issues. 
•    Industry Trade Associations: Schlumberger has a long-
standing commitment to sharing best practices and our HSE 
technical expertise through industry associations. We have 
active relationships in numerous industry organizations, through 
which we collaborate to make improvements in our own 
operations, while also moving the industry forward.
•    Our University engagement initiatives play a key role in 
our recruiting and sustainability strategies. Through these 
collaborations, we support education and research in STEM 
subjects, and we attract talented diverse graduates of local 
universities from the countries in which we work. We also 
select certain institutions for our University Ambassador 
Program, through which we assign a senior-level Schlumberger 
manager as an “Ambassador” to an institution targeted for 
recruiting, research, community outreach, and technology 
transfer opportunities. 
 
 
•    Governments and Policymakers: Government and regulatory 
officials and other policy makers seek out Schlumberger experts 
for their knowledge of and experience in many aspects of the 
oil and gas industry. Although we are politically neutral and 
do not lobby, we often provide technical support to regulatory 
officials who are interested in gaining practical understanding 
of the technologies and processes that can reduce emissions 
and our industry’s carbon footprint. We have a policy prohibiting 
lobbying; expenditures for lobbying purposes in 2021 were 
zero. Additionally, we work with various think tanks and 
nongovernmental organizations—some of which influence 
policy—to collaboratively drive sustainability across our industry.
In 2021, we participated in  
17 sell-side investor conferences 
and held more than 400 buy-side 
investor meetings  
(primarily virtual) across more than 250 investor firms. 
    2021  
University Interns  
    5
50 
 
Recruiting Job Applications 
   1
39,000 
(approximate)
Number of Countries Recruited In 
    7
9
Number of Universities Recruited At
   6
54
Disciplines Recruited 
    8
8+
PERMIAN STRATEGIC 
PARTNERSHIP
Since 2018, Schlumberger 
has been an active member 
of the Permian Strategic 
Partnership, a coalition 
of leading Permian Basin 
energy companies that 
works in partnership 
with leaders across the 
region’s communities 
to address current and 
future challenges. The 
partnership’s activities 
include initiatives focused 
on making roads safer, 
improving education, 
upgrading healthcare, 
increasing affordable 
housing, and training the 
next generation of workers.
29Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

CDP Supply Chain Program 
Supplier disclosure is a first step in understanding our suppliers’ 
maturity on our carbon reduction journey to net zero and helps 
us better manage the environmental footprint of our supply chain 
while encouraging suppliers on their own journeys toward a low-
carbon economy. In 2021, we engaged CDP Supply Chain to work 
with approximately 500 of our logistics and purchased goods 
and services suppliers on emissions disclosure. These suppliers 
represented 35% of our 2020 spend, and approximately 3.4 
million metric tons of CO2e of our Scope 3 emissions. For this first 
year of participation, our supplier response rate was 43%. 
As part of our CDP Supply Chain program, we engage with our 
suppliers through trainings and webinars to help them identify 
risks and opportunities for improvement around climate and 
emissions. They receive feedback on their performance through 
CDP scoring, which enables them to track progress year on 
year. This engagement allows our suppliers to build awareness 
on their climate disclosures while CDP team members provide 
additional expertise and education on climate change reporting, 
risks and opportunities, and strategy for improvement in climate 
and emissions.
Schlumberger supplier managers collaborate closely with  
our suppliers and provide feedback on their CDP disclosure  
as well as their emissions reduction targets and initiatives.
We intend to expand our  
CDP supply chain program  
in 2022.
We want our suppliers to understand our sustainability 
focus so they can identify, assess, and respond 
appropriately to supply chain sustainability risks. 
Engagement on sustainability priorities is integrated  
into our supplier communication plans and often  
works most effectively through a blend of channels, 
including the tender process, kickoff meetings,  
quarterly business reviews, supplier forums, trainings, 
and written communications. 
Our sustainability engagement efforts focus on continuously 
improving our suppliers’ performance in relation to worker 
welfare; conflict minerals; health, safety, and environmental 
performance and goals to reduce our GHG emissions and  
support GHG emissions reduction for our customers.
Supplier Audits 
We conduct routine audits of our critical suppliers, which  
may incorporate supplier performance, finance, contract,  
HSE, quality, and ethics and compliance components, including  
human rights and labor questions. All suppliers, contractors,  
and agents must be approved and managed in accordance  
with internal requirements. Our program includes audits and 
business reviews as needed.
Response Rate
(answered 2021 CDP  
Supply Chain survey)43
%
First-Time Responders  
to CDP Supply Chain,  
per CDP110
Suppliers Engaged 
Representing:
35% 2020 spend 500
WE EXPECT OUR SUPPLIERS TO
•  promote and abide by our Code of Conduct and Human Rights Position Statement 
•   implement policies, procedures, or processes that meet or exceed the Working  
Conditions Requirements
•  flow down equivalent principles and communicate similar requirements to their suppliers
•  agree to be audited to ensure compliance with the above
Responsible Supply Chain
CDP SUPPLY CHAIN PROGRAM:
Approximately
30Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Sustainability Governance
We have embedded environmental, social, and 
governance (ESG) management at all levels of  
our company. 
 
Schlumberger’s management team is responsible for the 
development and implementation of our ESG strategies and 
programs, with the oversight of our Board of Directors (Board)  
and its committees. In 2021, we announced the addition of a 
Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer (CSSO) on our  
executive leadership team—reinforcing that sustainability is 
at the core of our corporate strategy. The CSSO oversees our 
corporate strategy, sustainability, and marketing activities.  
The Vice President of Sustainability, who reports to the CSSO,  
is directly responsible for social and environmental sustainability 
in the company and engages with Schlumberger leadership, 
employees, investors, and customers on sustainability topics, 
including climate-related issues. Our line management is 
directly responsible for the management and mitigation of the 
environmental impact of our operations, with our environmental 
management systems and standards being the responsibility of 
our Vice President of HSE. 
The Schlumberger Blue Print in Action  
Our Code of Conduct 
Board Oversight of Sustainability
The Board and its committees oversee the performance and 
management of various environmental, social, and other 
sustainability issues, including our energy transition strategy; 
emissions reduction targets; climate change; sustainability 
reporting; workforce health and safety; human rights; diversity, 
equity, and inclusion of our workforce; and ethics  
and compliance. 
•    The Board oversees the Company’s long- and short-term 
strategy, including the launch of our Transition Technology 
and emissions monitoring portfolios, which focus on 
decarbonizing our core businesses, as well as our new 
investments in low-carbon and carbon-neutral energy 
technologies. In addition, the full Board supported the 
decision to establish our comprehensive 2050 net zero 
commitment including Scope 3 emissions, together with 
interim Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions reduction milestones. 
•    The Board also oversees the company’s enterprise risk 
management process and reviews major risks facing the 
company, including acute and chronic climate risks and 
energy transition risks.
•      The Nominating and Governance Committee oversees 
our sustainability programs, initiatives, and activities, and 
receives quarterly updates from senior management on the 
progress we are making toward a low-carbon future. This 
committee also monitors and reviews the effectiveness of 
the company’s ethics and compliance program, including 
The Schlumberger Blue Print in Action—Our Code of 
Conduct and all significant compliance allegations.
•    The New Energy and Innovation Committee—newly formed 
in 2021—evaluates our Schlumberger New Energy and 
Transition Technology investments and the sustainability 
impacts of growth opportunities.
•    The Board’s other committees oversee sustainability-related 
topics within their respective areas of responsibility, such as 
incorporation of sustainability and diversity metrics into our 
short-term incentive compensation programs (Compensation); 
the conduct of sustainability-related reviews by our internal 
audit team (Audit); the operational risks, such as cybersecurity 
(Audit); disclosure of ESG risks (Audit and Nominating and 
Governance, jointly); and the development of our sustainable 
finance strategy, including financial instruments with rates 
linked to climate commitments (Finance).
Nominating and Governance Committee of the Schlumberger Limited Board of Directors
 
Oversees Schlumberger’s sustainability programs, initiatives and activities,  
including acute and chronic climate risks
Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer  
Reporting to the CEO, is the owner of our Sustainability Strategy
Vice President Sustainability 
Develops, drives and operationalizes the overall sustainability strategy
Divisions & 
Technology TeamsBasins
Human Resources, 
Legal, Ethics & 
Compliance, HSE, 
Planning &  
Supply Chain
Sustainability Team 
CYBERSECURITY 
Schlumberger successfully 
completed the System and 
Organization Controls type 2 
(SOC2) accreditation for its 
DELFI E&P . SOC2 accreditation 
is an industry recognized, 
independent standard set forth 
by the American Institute of 
Certified Public Accountants 
and attained by cloud service 
providers and SaaS providers to 
provide assurance to customers 
on the security and availability  
of their data services.
31Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Ethics and Compliance 
Our commitment to sound principles of corporate 
governance and ethics sets the foundation of our 
Sustainability program. Furthermore, our reputation for 
integrity and fair dealing is vitally important in winning 
and retaining the trust of our stakeholders. When we 
are clearly seen to behave in an ethical manner, we 
enhance our reputation for integrity, which helps us 
attract and retain customers, employees and investors. 
 
The Blue Print in Action—Our Code of Conduct applies to all 
Schlumberger directors, officers, employees, security providers, 
suppliers, and contractors. It is designed to help every employee 
and contractor handle business situations professionally and fairly. 
Our Code of Conduct describes Schlumberger’s anti-bribery and 
anti-corruption policy, which prohibits offering, paying, soliciting, 
or accepting bribes in any form or under any circumstance, 
including facilitation payments, and prohibits making payments 
to government officials. Schlumberger’s anti-corruption program 
applies to all of our operating locations and geographies and to all 
our employees, contractors, suppliers, and agents. 
Our Ethics and Compliance (E&C) function is led by our global 
Legal Director, Governance and Integrity, and staffed by a team 
of E&C professionals dedicated to specific subject matter and 
business units relevant to our global operations, facilitating a 
cohesive approach to mitigating corruption risks. Our E&C team 
uses training, communications, audits, and risk management 
tools to effectively implement our ethics programs (including 
anti-corruption programs) in the countries where we operate. 
The E&C team leverages our internal systems to identify real-
time corruption red flags by applying a risk-based approach. 
Schlumberger uses a well-established accountability program to 
identify and remediate in a timely manner any policy deviations. 
By identifying, tracking, and mitigating these policy deviations, 
we gain valuable lessons learned and are able to focus on 
continuous improvement of our best practices.
Schlumberger maintains a robust allegation and incident  
review program, which supports independent review of any 
report of a potential violation of our corporate policies, as 
outlined in our Code of Conduct and in our Human Rights 
Position Statement. Our Allegation Reporting and Management 
Standard sets out our detailed response procedures, including 
requirements for assessment, investigation and remediation, as 
well as a clear prohibition on retaliation for reporting concerns.
We have a range of reporting mechanisms, including an online 
portal and third-party managed 24-hour EthicsLine system, 
as described in our Code of Conduct.  A confidential and 
anonymous report can be made by anyone inside or outside of the 
organization in 150+ languages.
In 2021, we introduced 
our Leadership by 
Integrity model, through 
which all managers 
show and model integrity 
to further integrate 
E&C throughout the 
organization.
To effectively implement 
our ethics programs 
(including anti-corruption) 
in the countries where  
we operate, our E&C  
team uses
•  trainings
•  communications
•  audits
•  risk management tools.
E&C PROGRAM ELEMENTS
ANALYTICS
E C&
TONE AT TOP
ASSURANCE & ACCOUNTABILITY REGULATORY MONITORING
THIRD-PARTY MANAGEMENT GOVERNACE DOCUMENTS
RISK MANAGEMENT AWARENESS
32Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Guided by the recommendations of the Task Force  
or Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), we 
discuss in this section our governance, strategy, risk 
identification, and management and measurement  
of climate risks and opportunities. For more details  
on our climate risk management, please see our latest 
CDP climate change questionnaire. 
Governance
Board Oversight of Climate Risk 
Our Board of Directors oversees the long-term health and viability 
of our business, including the company’s long- and short-term 
strategy, vision, and risk profile. The Board also oversees the 
company’s enterprise risk management process and reviews 
major risks facing the Company, including acute and chronic 
climate risks and energy transition risks. 
The Board’s Nominating and Governance Committee oversees  
our sustainability programs, initiatives, and activities, including 
acute and chronic climate risks. This committee also receives 
quarterly updates from our Vice President of Sustainability  
on the progress we are making toward a low-carbon future, 
including our progress toward achieving our carbon emission 
reduction and net zero emissions goals. 
The Board’s New Energy and Innovation Committee—newly 
formed in 2021—evaluates our Schlumberger New Energy and 
Transition Technology investments and the sustainability impacts 
of growth opportunities. 
Additional information regarding the Board’s role in climate risk 
oversight is included in the “Sustainability Governance” section  
of this report and in our 2022 Proxy Statement. 
Management Oversight of Climate Risk 
Our senior management team is responsible for the  
day-to-day management and mitigation of climate and  
transition risk, including 
•    identifying, assessing, monitoring, and managing the 
major risks to the company through our enterprise risk 
management process (described below in the “Risk 
Management” section of this report) 
•   implementing effective risk mitigation measures, 
response plans, and controls 
•   integrating risk analysis into business decisions and 
performance objectives. 
Our Chief Strategy & Sustainability Officer (CSSO), who reports 
to the CEO, oversees our corporate strategy, sustainability, 
and marketing activities. This position demonstrates how 
sustainability is at the core of our corporate strategy. The 
CSSO was involved in the launch of Schlumberger’s net zero 
commitment and short-term, mid-term, and long-term targets 
spanning Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions. Scenario analyses, 
including scenarios associated with climate change and the 
energy transition, are the responsibility of the CSSO. 
The VP of Sustainability, who reports to the CSSO, is directly 
responsible for social and environmental sustainability in the 
company and engages with Schlumberger leadership, employees, 
investors, and customers on sustainability topics, including 
climate-related issues. 
The CEO and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) annually approve the 
capital investment budget, including investments in technology to 
reduce emissions in oil and gas and low-carbon businesses in the 
Schlumberger New Energy portfolio. 
Our CSSO and our Chief Legal Officer jointly oversee the 
company’s Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) Program.
Strategy 
Our corporate strategy around climate is described in the 
“Climate Action” section of this report. Our focus areas include 
achieving net zero emissions by 2050, decarbonizing oil and gas 
operations for Schlumberger and our customers, and investing in 
New Energy and transition opportunities. Our strategy to achieve 
our 2050 net zero ambition involves three key components: 
reducing operational emissions, reducing customer emissions that 
occur while using our technology, and taking carbon-negative 
actions of sufficient scale to offset any residual operational and 
technology emissions we may have in 2050. We will reduce 
emissions from our operations through utility efficiency and 
use of renewable energy and hybrid vehicles. We will reduce 
customer emissions with our Transition Technologies portfolio. 
For emissions that cannot be reduced, rather than relying on 
traditional offsets, we will rely on our carbon-negative actions 
that are technology-centric, where we can play a role, such as 
through our Schlumberger New Energy portfolio described above 
under “Climate Action”—New Energy & Transition Opportunities.  
Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities
A key aspect of our Climate Action strategy is managing physical 
climate and transition risks and opportunities. We take a data-
centric, scenario-based approach, and we use both TCFD and 
SASB as disclosure frameworks and methodology guides. 
Because we realize that climate change and energy transition will 
impact our business, understanding and managing these risks 
and opportunities provides a competitive advantage that  
will help us be more resilient to potential risks and stay ahead  
of the competition. 
To deliver on our strategy, we assess, monitor, and manage risks 
and opportunities based on the following time horizons:  
•    Short term:  We assess geopolitical risks and risks 
related to unpredictable weather patterns—including 
cyclones, hurricanes, and tropical storms that have the 
potential to affect our bases in coastal areas—on a one- 
to three-year timeframe.  
•    Medium term: We consider capital expenditures and 
operational planning, including development of new 
technologies that have the potential to reduce our 
customers’ GHG emissions, over a three- to ten-year 
timeframe.  
•    Long term: The Board and senior management take a 
longer view in considering strategic planning, including 
climate-related risks and opportunities that have the 
potential to negatively or positively affect our business 
over the medium term (three to ten years) and long term 
(ten to 20 years). Included in long-term risks are energy 
transition and climate change. 
 
Managing Climate and Transition Risk—TCFD Alignment 
33Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Some of the key risk types that we assess, monitor, and manage 
as part of our climate-related risk assessments are as follows: 
•    Current regulatory risks: We are committed to 
complying with or exceeding existing regulations 
in every country in which we work. Schlumberger 
management has implemented strategies to reduce 
fuel consumption for our largest sources of emissions, 
such as pumps, fleet vehicles, and marine vessels. 
Additionally, we continue to monitor GHG emission 
reporting requirements in the countries where  
we operate. 
•    Emerging regulatory risks: Emerging regulation 
spans all three time horizons discussed above. Various 
international, federal, and state agencies are currently 
developing climate-related legislation and regulations 
intended to reduce GHG emissions and regulations 
related to emissions disclosure. As an example, the 
US Environmental Protection Agency has taken steps 
to regulate GHGs via the Clean Air Act as well as 
proposing additional reporting rules focused on oil 
and gas industry operations. The US Securities and 
Exchange Commission has also proposed detailed 
climate risk and GHG emissions disclosure rules. We 
monitor these changes closely through our legal, 
compliance, corporate governance, and environmental 
teams. We evaluate the likelihood and severity of 
changes in regulatory requirements and political trends 
related to climate change and the energy transition 
through risk assessments and risk mapping in line with 
the recommendations of TCFD. As an action related 
to emerging climate risks, in 2021 we launched our 
Transition Technology portfolio to reduce emissions 
across the E&P value chain with lower carbon 
technology solutions. These technologies can help 
decarbonize our operations and those of our clients.
•    Technology risks: We believe that increasing customer 
focus on emerging legislation and sustainability 
priorities could lead to a shift in customer behavior 
and a decrease in demand for certain products and 
services and increased demand for others. We engage 
with customers to anticipate these shifts, which 
generally occur in the medium- to long-term time 
horizons. In parallel, we work with our customers 
to find new opportunities to mitigate potential 
negative environmental and social impacts of oil and 
gas operations. For example, Schlumberger offers a 
portfolio of more than 100 technologies with a reduced 
environmental impact based on the following attributes: 
emissions reduction, energy consumption reduction, 
electrification, surveillance and assessment, hazardous 
materials reduction, water stewardship, waste reduction, 
and size reduction. These attributes have been 
incorporated into new product development evaluation. 
Specifically, to address customer emissions, we recently 
launched our Transition Technologies portfolio, which is 
focused on reducing our customers’ emissions. 
•    Legal risks: Legal risks and liability across multiple 
lenses (including, but not limited to climate-related 
issues) are considered as part of the financial severity 
assessment of our enterprise risk management process. 
This is informed by both current and emerging regulation 
as well as a scheduled quarterly review, internally 
and with the Board’s Nominating and Governance 
Committee, of compliance incidents and incident trends. 
•    Market risks: As a business-to-business company 
providing services to industry operators, potential 
changes in a portion of our revenue are directly tied 
to the market outlook of oil and gas operators, and 
therefore indirectly tied to market demand for fuels 
and other petroleum products. We routinely monitor oil 
and gas industry operations and investment activity to 
determine the market outlook for the oil and gas services 
industry and how our business will be impacted. For 
example, a market risk we review regularly is the 
International Energy Agency’s (IEA) research outlining 
the energy mix and their market predictions between 
now and 2040. 
•    Reputational risks: In the context of climate, 
reputational risk exists across all three time horizons 
discussed in this section. It presents itself in various 
ways, including but not limited to the following: 
– 
 Workforce motivation and engagement risk:  
Because corporate sustainability efforts, including 
the management of climate-related issues, 
increasingly affect workforce engagement, we 
incorporated into our annual employee engagement 
survey a question to measure workforce perception 
of our corporate sustainability efforts. Employee 
respondents to the survey in 2021 scored our 
corporate sustainability efforts higher than at other 
companies, based on similar questions asked in 
other companies’ internal surveys. We also include 
content related to our climate action strategy in both 
recruiting and onboarding materials.
– 
 Media coverage and public perception risk: 
Stakeholder engagement, monitoring and reporting 
trends, and comprehensive governance are the 
primary vehicles for managing this risk. Transparency 
through our nonfinancial disclosures, guided by 
frameworks like TCFD and SASB, are another way to 
mitigate this risk.
– 
 Well integrity risk: Extreme weather can potentially 
introduce well integrity risk, which in turn is a risk 
to reputation. We have addressed well integrity risk, 
regardless of the root cause, by developing a Well 
Integrity Barrier Standard containing ten critical 
requirements that must be followed by all employees 
and contractors of Schlumberger. Development of 
this standard was a company-wide initiative to raise 
awareness and to impose mandatory rules defining 
the minimum requirements in training, certification, 
and knowledge of the barriers we provide.
Managing Climate and Transition Risk—TCFD Alignment continued 
In 2021 we launched our 
Transition Technology 
portfolio to reduce 
emissions across the E&P 
value chain with lower 
carbon technology solutions. 
These technologies can help 
decarbonize Schlumberger 
operations and those of  
our clients.
34Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Risk Management 
Our senior management team has developed a comprehensive 
strategic planning and enterprise risk management process for 
identifying, assessing, and managing risk. Through this process, 
we identify key risks through an annual corporate-level risk 
mapping exercise, which involves the CEO and other members  
of senior management, along with a bottom-up operational (field-
level) risk assessment by the company’s various geographies, 
businesses, and functions. In 2021, the process also included 
a third-party assessment by an internationally recognized 
accounting firm, external risk surveys, and facilitated workshops 
with Schlumberger executives. The Executive Leadership Team 
has established an enterprise risk management committee to 
oversee the annual risk identification and mitigation process and 
updates the Board on the results of this process annually. 
We believe that our comprehensive risk assessment program 
is reasonably designed to identify and manage climate change 
related enterprise-wide risks that have the potential to 
significantly affect our businesses over the short, medium, and 
longer terms. Our risk assessments cover exposures to both 
physical and transition climate-related risks and their respective 
financial impact.
The climate-related risks we routinely monitor as part of our 
enterprise risk management process include potential loss of 
containment and well control, country-specific legislation and 
regulations, environmental compliance, financial risk associated 
with climate change, perception of industry due to climate 
change dialogue, and extreme weather. At a corporate level, 
business risks related to climate change are identified based on 
input from a variety of internal and external sources, including 
local risk assessments, country-specific climate assessments 
aligned with TCFD recommendations, and feedback from 
customers, investors, the Board, and other stakeholders. 
Identified enterprise-level risks are then developed into various 
scenarios, guided by subject matter experts, and these scenarios 
are modeled to assess potential financial impacts. In the case of 
acute physical risks, crisis management scenarios are created 
and tested in desktop exercises at the local and corporate 
Managing Climate and Transition Risk—TCFD Alignment continued 
level by the respective management teams. Enterprise-level 
risks are also included in our operational risk maps, which help 
to identify and assess potential threats to the mid- to long-
term strategic objectives. A risk owner is assigned from among 
senior management for each enterprise-level risk to manage 
the risk management and mitigation plans. Oversight of the 
management plan for each enterprise level risk is assigned to 
the Board or Board Committee as appropriate. As an example, 
certain potential impacts of a cybersecurity event have been 
determined to be an enterprise-level risk. The Chief Information 
Officer is the risk owner, and the Audit Committee oversees the 
Company’s comprehensive monitoring, prevention, and response 
capabilities. In addition, Board Committees with specific oversight 
responsibilities receive more frequent updates related to those 
specific risks. These risks are monitored and embedded into the 
business planning cycle. Risks are scored on likelihood, severity, 
time horizon, and financial impact. Where applicable, management 
objectives include management and mitigation of risk.
Climate Risk Assessments  
Country-level climate risk assessments provide a practical 
way to understand climate-related risks and common issues 
across our organization. For these assessments, we work with a 
leading sustainability consultant to review the potential impact 
of climate issues on our direct operations. Climate-related risks 
(physical and financial, including transition risks) are assessed 
using scenario-based analysis. While there are country-specific 
concerns, some commonalities across geographies are: 
 
•   acute physical risks associated with extreme weather, 
such as storm surges, droughts, heat waves, flooding, 
rain, and snow  
•   chronic physical risks, such as the potential impact of 
sea-level rise on our global footprint, water availability, 
and protected marine life; and  
•   transition risks, such as policy and legal risks, the impact 
of a carbon tax on Schlumberger and our customers, 
the cost of electrifying our operations, and adapting our 
technology portfolio to changing customer preference.  
In 2021 we continued our 
efforts to quantify our 
climate-related risks by 
launching a global study 
on the effects of global 
temperature rise on our 
facility cooling costs and 
workforce productivity. 
All Schlumberger facilities 
across our 30 geographies 
are in scope of the study, 
with a deep dive planned for 
high-risk sites.
We have also completed several global climate risk assessment 
projects, including projects relating to the risks of coastal 
flooding from sea level rise, physical risks from more severe and 
frequent storms, and the regulatory risks of carbon taxation. 
We review acute physical risks associated with extreme weather 
in areas susceptible to increased severity and frequency of 
extreme weather related to water (e.g., hurricane, excessive rain, 
or flooding) or increased severity and frequency of extreme heat. 
Those variances may impact our business by causing extreme 
changes in precipitation patterns that may result in flooding, 
changes in road or wellsite conditions, or damage to facilities. 
This may result in increased operating costs or decreases in 
revenue through disruptions at our facilities, in our supply chain, 
or at wellsites; equipment damage and repair requirements; and 
increased insurance premiums. 
To manage extreme weather risks, we work with a third-party 
loss prevention firm to conduct site visits, assess potential risks 
to our facilities, and propose mitigating actions. We also consider 
the potential impact of sea-level rise on our global footprint. 
Additionally, Schlumberger has business continuity and crisis 
management processes in place to mitigate potential disruptions 
caused by extreme weather events. Additionally, our insurance 
policies help mitigate the risk of material loss of assets  
at our facilities.  
Transition Risk Management  
Climate-related transition risks include policy and legal risks, 
such as the potential impact of a carbon tax on Schlumberger 
and our customers, and technology risks, such as equipment 
obsolescence driven by our customers’ increased focus on 
emissions reductions and the associated costs to develop new 
technologies with a reduced environmental impact.  
Our Transition Technologies portfolio and Schlumberger New 
Energy business offer a strategic response to the management 
of energy transition risks, as discussed in the “Climate Action” 
section of this report.  
 
35Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Climate Resilience
Climate-related scenarios are an integral part of our scenarios-
based portfolio strategy. We review different scenarios to 
evaluate our business resilience and confirm our portfolio’s 
alignment with our energy transition ambitions related to those 
scenarios. For example, both 2DS and IEA NZE were useful in 
understanding the role that CCS will play in the path to net zero. 
Although we have been in the carbon capture business for
more than two decades, the scenarios gave us confidence that 
the potential addressable market in carbon capture warranted 
continued investment and integration of that business into our
Schlumberger New Energy portfolio. IHS and Rystad both had 
scenarios that informed our view of regional and local distribution 
of the energy mix and therefore influenced our specific regional 
technology strategies. Reviewing scenarios with a 2040 time 
horizon against those with a 2050 time horizon helped inform 
certain of our long-term portfolio mix decisions.
We will continue to use scenarios to inform our strategy 
and financial planning, including those that offer a range of 
time horizons, ambition with respect to transition, and varied 
perspectives to help us better understand the risks and 
opportunities that climate change and the energy transition 
present. We also will continue to review the accuracy of our 
scenario predictions with the goal of working from best available
predictive information regarding the coming decades. All of the 
scenarios we used in building our strategy allocate some share of 
the energy mix to oil and gas in the coming decades. Our strategy 
considers that there is a wide range of possibilities with respect 
to the future energy mix and the pace of energy transition and, 
as such, our strategy addresses opportunities across multiple 
time horizons. Regardless of the contribution of oil and gas to 
the energy mix, Schlumberger recognizes the need to reduce 
the carbon footprint of oil and gas operations, and therefore our 
strategy considers that as well.
36Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
Managing Climate and Transition Risk—TCFD Alignment continued 
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Topic
Accounting Metric
Code
Information Location
Corporate Governance
Business Ethics & Payments Transparency
Amount of net revenue in countries that have the 20 lowest rankings in Transparency International’s Corruption Perception Index
EM-SV-510a.1
<5% of our consolidated 2021 revenue
Description of the management system for prevention of corruption and bribery throughout the value chain
EM-SV-510a.2
Page 32 and see slb.com
Management of the Legal & Regulatory Environment
Discussion of corporate positions related to government regulations and/or policy proposals that address environmental and social factors affecting the industry
EM-SV-530a.1
Page 31–36 and our CDP response
Critical Incident Risk Management
Description of management systems used to identify and mitigate catastrophic and tail-end risks
EM-SV-540a.1
Pages 21–25 and 33–36  
and our CDP response
Environmental
Emissions Reduction Services & Fuels Management
Total fuel consumed, percentage renewable, percentage used in: (1) on-road equipment and vehicles and (2) off-road equipment
EM-SV-110.a.1
Pages 42–43 and our CDP response
Discussion of strategy or plans to address air emissions-related risks, opportunities, and impacts
EM-SV-110.a.2
Pages 6–12 and 33–36 and our CDP response
Percentage of engines in service that meet Tier 4 compliance for non-road diesel engine emissions
EM-SV-110.a.3
Not Reported
Water Management Services
(1) Total volume of fresh water handled in operations, (2) percentage recycled
EM-SV-140a.1
Page 45
Discussion of strategy or plans to address water consumption and disposal-related risks, opportunities, and impacts
EM-SV-140a.2
Pages 23–24
Chemicals Management
Volume of hydraulic fracturing fluid used, percentage hazardous
EM-SV-150a.1
Page 45
Discussion of strategy or plans to address chemical-related risks, opportunities, and impacts
EM-SV-150a.2
Page 24
Ecological Impact Management
Average disturbed acreage per (1) oil and (2) gas well site
EM-SV-160a.1
Not Reported
Discussion of strategy or plan to address risks and opportunities related to ecological impacts from core activities
EM-SV-160a.2
Page 23–25
Social
Workforce Health and Safety
(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, (3) near miss frequency rate (NMFR), (4) total vehicle incident rate (TVIR), and (5) average hours of 
health, safety, and emergency response training for (a) full-time employees, (b) contract employees, and (c) short-service employees
EM-SV-320a.1
Pages 27 and 43–44
Description of management systems used to integrate a culture of safety throughout the value chain and project lifecycle
EM-SV-320a.2
Page 27 and see 
slb.com
Activity Metric
Code
Information Location
Number of active rig sites
EM-SV-000.A
Not Reported
Number of active well sites
EM-SV-000.B
Not Reported
Total amount of drilling performed
EM-SV-000.C
Not Reported
Total number of hours worked by all employees
EM-SV-000.D
Page 43
37
Schlumberger Limited
   
|
   
2021 Sustainability Report
CLIMATE ACTION
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
NATURE
PEOPLE
MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
TCFD
INDEX
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
GOVERNANCE
HSE
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board
 
(
SASB
)
 
Index
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) auditors reviewed our processes and procedures for 2021 and verified a selected subset of our 2021 data. We partner with PwC to audit our GHG emissions data annually.

Task Force on Climate-Related Disclosures 
(
TCFD
)
 Index
Activity Metric
Governance
a) Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks and opportunities
b) Describe management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks and opportunities
Pages 33-36
Strategy
a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term
Pages 33–36
b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning
Pages 33–36
Pages 33–36
c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario
Risk Management
a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate-related risks
Pages 35–36
b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-related risks
Pages 35–36
Pages 35–36
c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management
Metrics and Targets
a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process
Pages 6–7 
b) Disclose Scope 1, 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions, and the related risks
Pages 6–7 and 42–43
c) Describe targets used by the organization to manage climate-related risks and opportunities and performance against targets
Pages 6–7
38
Schlumberger Limited
   
|
   
2021 Sustainability Report
CLIMATE ACTION
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
NATURE
PEOPLE
MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
TCFD
INDEX
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
GOVERNANCE
HSE
Information Location
Pages 31 and 33–36
Proxy Statement Pages 21–22

Goal Schlumberger Focus Areas
Working Conditions Requirements
Local Investments
Community Outreach
Working Conditions Requirements 
Local Investments 
Community Outreach
COVID-19 Response
HSE Management System
HSE Training
ACTIVE Schlumberger Program
Contractor & Supplier Management
Stakeholder Engagement
Local Investments 
Employee Benefits & Compensation
Veterans Program
Permian Strategic Partnership
Fatality-Free Mindset
Life-Saving Rules
Global Driver training, Skill Assessment and
   Performance Monitoring Program
HSE for Youth
Wellbeing programs and training including Building  
   Blocks for Positive Mental Health and Unlock  
   Your Power
Malaria Management Program 
Global medical assistance for all international  
   assignees, dependents, and travelers
Medical screening and health screening programs
Occupational health surveillance programs
Health insurance programs (including dental) for  
   
 em
ployees and family members to supplement 
public health system in many countries
Global team of medical professionals
Employee access to HSE special interest groups
Workforce representation within local 
   HSE-focused empowerment teams 
Appointed a Global Wellbeing Manager and  
   Mental Health Lead and local mental health  
   first aiders
Schlumberger Excellence in Education Development (SEED)
Schlumberger Foundation–Faculty for the Future
HSE for Youth
University Relations
Knowledge Management 
Permian Strategic Partnership 
In-Kind Giving
Creating In-Country Value
Promoting Talent, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Regional Technical Capabilities
Employee Development
Goal Schlumberger Focus Areas
Employee Resource Groups
Gender Balance Goal 
Creating In-Country Value
Respecting Human Rights
Promoting Talent, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Schlumberger Foundation
Faculty for the Future
Equal Pay Gap Report
HSE Management System
Water Use
Water Recycling
Integrated Water Solutions
Safeguarding Biodiversity
Protecting Natural Resources
Enabling Circularity
Lean and Green Program
Climate Action
Our Roadmap to Net Zero
Schlumberger New Energy 
Transition Technologies Portfolio 
Schlumberger end-to-end Emissions Solutions (SEES)
Drilling Emissions Management 
Lean and Green Program
Alternative Energy Projects at Schlumberger Facilities 
Schlumberger Foundation–Faculty for the Future
Responsible Supply Chain
Knowledge Management
Training & Development 
Veterans Program
Permian Strategic Partnership
Local Technology Access Strategic Initiative
People Analytics
Employee Benefits & Compensation
Creating In-Country Value
Respecting Human Rights
Promoting Talent, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Regional Technical Capabilities
Fit for Basin
Equal Pay Gap Report
Schlumberger New Energy
Fit for Basin
Regional Technical Capabilities
Transition Technologies Portfolio 
Impact Quantification Framework for our  
   Products and Services
Decarbonizing Operations:
   Customer Avoided Emissions
   Electrification of Infrastructure
   Address Methane Emissions
   Reduce or Eliminate Flaring 
   Schlumberger end-to-end Emissions Solutions (SEES)  
39Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Goal Schlumberger Focus Areas
Code of Conduct
Human Rights Position Statement
Working Conditions Requirement
Creating In-Country Value
Respecting Human Rights
Promoting Talent, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Equal Pay Gap Report
Celsius Energy
Solar Impulse Foundation
Transition Technologies Portfolio
HSE Management System
Environmental Management System
Creating In-Country Value
Respecting Human Rights
Promoting Talent, Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Regional Technical Capabilities
Fit for Basin
Supply Chain Management
Lean & Green Program
Research & Innovation
Transition Technologies Portfolio
Solar Impulse Foundation
Safeguarding Biodiversity
Protecting Natural Resources
Enabling Circularity
Carbon Emissions Reduction Goal
TCFD Support
Country Climate Assessments
Third-Party Assurance Report 
Schlumberger New Energy
Global Sea-Level Rise Risk Assessment
Solar Impulse Foundation 
Climate Action
Our Roadmap to Net Zero 
Transition Technologies Portfolio
Energy Efficiency 
Footprint Rationalization Actions
Reduce or Eliminate Flaring
Customer Avoided Emissions
Address Methane Emissions
Schlumberger end-to-end Emissions Solutions (SEES)
CDP Supply Chain Program 
Drilling Emissions Management
Goal Schlumberger Focus Areas
HSE Management System
Chemicals Management 
Safeguarding Biodiversity
Protecting Natural Resources
Enabling Circularity
Environmental Management System
Transition Technologies Portfolio
HSE Management System
Chemicals Management
Safeguarding Biodiversity
Protecting Natural Resources
Enabling Circularity
Lean and Green Program
Environmental Management System
Transition Technologies Portfolio
Board Oversight
Executive Compensation
Ethics, Integrity, Compliance, & Transparency
Fiscal Responsibility
Investor ESG Engagement Program
IPIECA
Solar Impulse Foundation
UK Carbon Capture & Storage Association
GHGSat
Global CCS Institute
Energy Workforce and Technology Council
National Petroleum Council (NPC)
Stanford University Natural Gas Initiative
American Petroleum Institute (API)
International Oil and Gas Producers (IOGP)
French Alternative Energies and Atomic Energy   
    Commission (CEA)
Worldwide Initiatives for Grantmaker Support 
    (WINGS)
40Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

2021 Performance Data Table 
2021 DATA AUDITED INCLUDES: 
Environmental
- Spill
- Water
- Waste
Emissions
- Scope 1 and 2 from Schlumberger facilities
- 
 S
cope 1 and 2 from energy consumed by Schlumberger  
equipment during service delivery in the field
- Scope 3 use-phase
- Scope 3 downstream lease of Schlumberger products
- Scope 3 purchased goods and services
Health and Safety
- Employee and contractor LTIFR
- LTIR (frequency) (OIFR)
- Fatalities
PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) auditors reviewed our processes and procedures for 2021 and verified a selected subset of our 2021 data. We partner with PwC to audit our GHG emissions data annually. 
41Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Topic
Units
Year
Metric
2019
2020
2021
Revenue
in US dollars
32,917
23,601
22,929
CLIMATE ACTION
2019
2020
2021
EMISSIONS
CO
2
e Emitted
 1
 
Scope 1
thousands of metric tonnes
1,668
1,424
1,369
Scope 2
thousands of metric tonnes
650
527
375
Scopes 1 and 2
thousands of metric tonnes
2,318
1,951
1,744
Scope 3 
thousands of metric tonnes
44,384
30,137
27,375
Total Emissions (Scopes 1, 2, and 3)
thousands of metric tonnes
46,703
32,088
29,118
Scope 3 Categories:
 
Category 1: Purchased goods and services
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
6,280
4,582
4,622
Category 2: Capital goods
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
105
68
61
Category 3: Fuel-and-energy-related activities (not included in Scopes 1 or 2)
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
66
40
49
Category 4: Upstream transportation and distribution
 2
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
603
351
499
Category 5: Waste generated in operations
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
129
120
50
Category 6: Business travel
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
165
54
68
Category 7: Employee commuting
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
100
50
50
Category 8: Upstream leased assets
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
1,056
841
525
Category 9: Downstream transportation and distribution
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
2
1
1
Category 10: Processing of sold products
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
NR
NR
NR
Category 11: Use of sold products
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
28,385
17,457
16,632
Category 12: End-of-life treatment of sold products
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
640
333
191
Category 13: Downstream leased assets
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
3,435
2,937
3,005
Category 14: Franchises
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
NR
NR
NR
Category 15: Investments 
thousands of metric tonnes of CO
2
e
3,419
3,304
1,622
GHG Emissions Intensity - Scopes 1 and 2
metric tonnes of C0
2
e per US dollar of revenue
0.070
0.083
0.076
GHG Emissions Intensity - Scope 3
metric tonnes of C0
2
e per US dollar of revenue
1.348
1.277
1.194
Total GHG Emissions Intensity - Scopes 1, 2, and 3
metric tonnes of C0
2
e per US dollar of revenue
1.419
1.360
1.270
NR = not relevant
1
  
 
W
e use the procedures established in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard (Revised Edition) to calculate our annual CO
2
e emissions in Schlumberger. As part of that process, we apply conversion factors to energy consumption data to derive CO
2
e values. Those conversion factors are taken from the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report (AR5 - 20 year and 100 year). Schlumberger’s Scope 
1 emissions of 2019 and 2020 have been restated after review of managed production facilities. 2019 Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas estimates have been restated to exclude emissions associated with our North American fracturing business, which was sold at the end of 2020. In addition, a small portion of our 2020 Scope 3 category 1 emissions related to that business were incorrectly included in the 2020 Sustainability 
  
 
42
Schlumberger Limited
   
|
   
2021 Sustainability Report
CLIMATE ACTION
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
NATURE
PEOPLE
MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
TCFD
INDEX
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
GOVERNANCE
HSE
Report, and are herein restated to exclude those emissions. Our Scope 3 greenhouse gas estimates for 2019 and 2020 have also been restated to remove approximately 7.8 million metric tons of CO
2
e in 2019 and 8.0 million metric tons of CO2e in 2020, following a determination (in consultation with third-party climate consultants) that such emissions had been incorrectly included in Schlumberger’s previously disclosed Scope 
3
 
estimates. This calculation method is consistent for years 2019, 2020 and 2021 in this report..
2
 
For 2021, we have established the use of standard weights for specific types of trucks, this allowed for a recalculation of prior years which includes 2019 and 2020 in this report.

Topic Units Year
CLIMATE ACTION 2019 2020 2021
Energy and Fuels 3
Total Energy Consumption thousands of MWh 8,701 7,547 7,194
Purchased Energy (Electricity Use, Hot Water, Chilled Water) thousands of MWh 1,352 1,119 1,081
Fuel Used - Natural Gas thousands of MWh 2,905 3,026 2,677
Fuel Used - Oil and Diesel thousands of MWh 4,444 3,401 3,435
3   W e have established norms for consumption per person in North America, which are reviewed annually and updated when necessary. We use these norms to calculate estimated consumption of natural gas, electricity, and water at facilities that do 
not report this data directly, using applicable employee headcount. For Cameron and for engineering and manufacturing facilities in North America, consumption values are directly reported. The headcount-based estimates are used for other office 
and operational facilities in North America.
4   T o convert from per million work hours to per 200,000 work hours, divide by 5.
5   F inal audited TRIF (Total Recordable Injury Frequency) rate for 2021 reflects a 0.01 increase to correct the 2021 data published in Schlumberger’s Annual Report.
Topic Units Year
PEOPLE 2019 2020 2021
Community
Corporate Giving
In-Kind Commercial Initiatives approximate number of software licenses donated 70,000 72,000 68,000
Community Initiatives millions of dollars 9 9 7
Health and Safety
Employees trained on HAZWOPER during year approximate number of employees Not available 3,000 4,000
Fatalities
Employee — 2 1 2
Contractor — 1 2 3
Company Total — 3 3 5
Third Party — 3 3 —
Fatal Accident Rate per 100 million work hours 0.75 0.95 1.72
Automotive Accident Rate (Employees + Contractors) per million miles 0.30 0.23 0.21
% data coverage as % of employee work hours for injury and illness percentage 100 100 100
% data coverage as % of contractor work hours for injury and illness percentage 100 100 100
Third-party (PwC) verification for injury and illness data — Yes Yes Yes
Total Hours Worked Employees — 281,135,730 230,078,830 230,271,210
Total Recordable Incidents Workforce (Employees + Contractors) — 438 232 219
Total Recordable Injury Rate (Frequency) 4 Workforce (Employees + Contractors) per million work hours 1.10 0.73 0.75
Total Recordable Incident Rate (Frequency) 4 Employees per million work hours 1.12 0.73 0.75
Lost Time Incident Rate (Frequency) 4 Workforce (Employees + Contractors) per million work hours 0.52 0.37 0.45
Total Recordable Injury Rate (Frequency) 4 Workforce (Employees + Contractors) per million work hours 1.07 0.71 0.75 5
43Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

4
  
 
T
o convert from per million work hours to per 200,000 work hours, divide by 5.
6
  
 
In
cludes salaried and nonsalaried  positions. Nonsalaried positions refer to hourly-based.
Topic
Units
Year
Health and Safety
2019
2020
2021
Lost Time Injury Rate (Frequency) (LTIFR)
 4
Employees 
per million work hours
0.52
0.36
0.42
Lost Time Injury Rate (Frequency) (LTIFR)
 4
Contractors
per million work hours
0.50
0.37
0.52
Lost Time Injury Events (Lost Work Day Cases + Fatalities)
Employees 
number of events
145
83
87
Lost Time Illness Rate (Frequency) (OIFR)
 4
Employees
per million work hours
0.007
0.013
—
PEOPLE
2019
2020
2021
Training
Investment for Operations Engineers, Petrotechnical Experts, and Specialists
Training Days
days
277,100
187,350
274,707
NExT Training
Professionals Trained
—
19,000+
13,000+
16,000+ 
Classes Held Worldwide
—
1,500+
1,250+
1,700+ 
Practical Courses & Programs
—
700+
700+
700+ 
Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
Schlumberger Global Workforce
approximate number of persons
105,000
86,000
92,000
Nationality Mix
Latin America
percentage
9
9
15
North America
percentage
24
23
13
Middle East, Asia
percentage
33
36
39
Europe, CIS, Africa
percentage
34
32
33
Percentage of Revenue by Region
Latin America
percentage
13
15
19
North America
percentage
33
23
19
Middle East, Asia
percentage
30
36
36
Europe, CIS, Africa
percentage
23
25
25
Other
percentage
1
1
1
Women in Company (total)
 6
percentage
16.9
18.5
18.7
Women in Salaried Positions
percentage
20.9
22.6
22.9
Overall Women in Management Positions
percentage
19.7
21.2
21.6
Women in Junior Management Positions
percentage
21.1
23.4
23.8
Women in Middle Management Positions
percentage
16.3
17.2
17.9
Women in Senior Management Positions
percentage
13.2
17.3
18.0
New Hires with a STEM Background, % Women
percentage
40
45
44
Schlumberger Limited
   
|
   
2021 Sustainability Report
CLIMATE ACTION
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY
NATURE
PEOPLE
MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO
MESSAGE FROM THE CEO
STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
TCFD
INDEX
PERFORMANCE DATA TABLE
GOVERNANCE
HSE
48

Topic Units Year
NATURE 2019 2020 2021
Water
Water Use 7 thousands of cubic meters 5,602 4,651 3,625
Total Water Recycled thousands of cubic meters 131 187 186
% Water Recycled 7 percentage 28 38 42
Total Waste Water thousands of cubic meters 464 487 443
Waste 8
Total Waste Generated thousands of metric tonnes 639 140 110
Total Waste Recycled thousands of metric tonnes 185 31 28
Site Activity
ISO 14001 Certified Sites number of sites 53 62 73
Volume of Hydraulic Fracturing Fluid Used 8 thousands of cubic meters 77,549 40,438 7,397
Number of Industry-Recognized Incidents >1 bbl of Oil — 28 26 15
Hydrocarbon Bulk Fluids Spilled 9 number of barrels 536 353 3,670
Sites Subject to Environmental Audit Requirement
number of sites 739 609 545
percentage 7 10 13
7   S tarting with 2020 data, we have expressed recycled wastewater as a percentage of total wastewater.
8   In cludes water and chemical additives.
9   H ydrocarbon Bulk Fluids Spilled has been restated from liters to barrels. Where available, volumes of hydrocarbon spills are reported using information provided by customers or by third-party spill response contractors. Additionally, when applicable,  
known volumes of stored liquids may be used to determine spill quantities. Finally, in situations where none of the above procedures are applicable, estimates of spilled volume may be made from measurements in impacted areas.
45Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

Topic Units Year
SUPPLY CHAIN 2019 2020 2021
General Supply Chain Metrics
Critical Suppliers with Spend number of suppliers 2,712 759 983
% of Total Spend on Critical Suppliers percentage Not available 10 18
SM Level 1 Suppliers with Spend number of suppliers Not available 1,555 643
% of Total Spend on SM Level 1 Suppliers percentage Not available 36 20
Total Suppliers with Spend number of suppliers 44,389 40,200 38,025
Critical Suppliers for which More than 40% of their Revenue Comes from SLB
percentage 5 5 7
number of suppliers 229 36 67
Spend Analysis covers 100% of Suppliers with Spend percentage 100 100 100
% of Spend Covered in Supplier Risk Analysis 10 percentage 68 90 71
% of Suppliers Considered High Risk 10 percentage <1 <1 <1
Critical Supplier Audits Conducted number of audits 387 363 1,489
% of Audited Suppliers with a Documented Development Plan percentage 37 54 80
US Supplier Diversity Program
Diverse Suppliers Used
Certified Diverse number of suppliers Not available 250 273
Classified/Self-Reported Diverse number of suppliers Not available 1,454 1,883
Total number of suppliers Not available 1,704 2,156
Spend on Diverse Suppliers
Certified Diverse thousands of US dollars 97 68 47
Classified/Self-Reported Diverse thousands of US dollars 582 351 284
Total thousands of US dollars 679 419 331
CDP Supply Chain Engagements
Total Suppliers Engaged in CDP Supply Chain Program number of suppliers — — 496
Total Responsive Suppliers number of suppliers Not applicable Not applicable 215
Supplier Participation Rate percentage Not applicable Not applicable 43
% of Prior Year's Spend that Engaged Suppliers Represent percentage Not applicable Not applicable 35
Total Scope 3 Emissions Covered by Engaged Suppliers millions of metric tons of CO2e Not applicable Not applicable 3.4
10   S upplier risk is evaluated based on probability of failure; supplier organization (conglomerate, public, private, family owned, individually owned); dependency on Schlumberger; type of contract; visibility to supplier performance; and dependency on supplier. 
46Schlumberger Limited   |   2021 Sustainability Report
OUR APPROACH TO SUSTAINABILITY CLIMATE ACTION PEOPLE NATUREMESSAGE FROM THE CEO MESSAGE FROM THE CSSO STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT TCFD INDEX PERFORMANCE DATA TABLEGOVERNANCEHSE

*  M ark of Schlumberger or a Schlumberger company. 
Other company, product, and service names are the  
properties of their respective owners.
DISCLAIMER
This report, as well as other statements we make, contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. federal 
securities laws—that is, any statements that are not historical facts. Such statements often contain words such as “expect,” 
“may,” “can,” “believe,” “predict,” “plan,” “potential,” “projected,” “projections,” “forecast,” “estimate,” “intend,” “commit,” 
“pledge,” “anticipate,” “aim,” “ambition,” “goal,” “target,” “think,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “will,” “see,” “likely,” and other 
similar words. Forward-looking statements address matters that are, to varying degrees, uncertain, such as statements about  
our goals, plans and projections with respect to sustainability and environmental matters; financial and performance targets  
and other forecasts or expectations regarding, or dependent on, our business outlook; growth for Schlumberger as a whole and 
for each of its Divisions (and for specified business lines, geographic areas, or technologies within each Division); forecasts or 
expectations regarding energy transition and global climate change; improvements in operating procedures and technology;  
our business strategies and the strategies of our customers, including their respective decarbonization strategies; future global 
economic and geopolitical conditions; future liquidity; and future results of operations, such as margin levels. These statements 
are subject to risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, changing global economic and geopolitical conditions; the 
results of operations and financial condition of our customers and suppliers; our inability to achieve our financial and performance 
targets and other forecasts and expectations; our inability to achieve net-zero carbon emissions goals or interim emissions 
reduction goals; our inability to meet workforce expectations and perform at desired ESG and stewardship standards; general 
economic, geopolitical, and business conditions in key regions of the world; the ongoing conflict in Ukraine; foreign currency risk; 
inflation; pricing pressure; weather and seasonal factors; unfavorable effects of health pandemics; availability and cost of raw 
materials; operational modifications, delays, or cancellations; challenges in our supply chain; production declines; our inability  
to recognize efficiencies and other intended benefits from our business strategies and initiatives, such as digital or Schlumberger 
New Energy; as well as our cost reduction strategies; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements, including 
those related to offshore oil and gas exploration, radioactive sources, explosives, chemicals, and climate-related initiatives; the 
inability of technology to meet new challenges in sustainability and exploration; the competitiveness of alternative energy 
sources or product substitutes; and other risks and uncertainties detailed in our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filed with 
or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. If one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize  
(or the consequences of any such development changes), or should our underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results  
or outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are 
aspirational and not guarantees or promises that goals or targets will be met. Forward-looking and other statements in this 
report regarding our environmental, social, and other sustainability plans and goals are not an indication that these statements 
are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current, and 
forward-looking environmental, social, and sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress 
that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in 
the future. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of July 1, 2022, and Schlumberger disclaims any intention 
or obligation to update publicly or revise such statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Schlumberger Limited
42 rue Saint-Dominique
75007 Paris
France
5599 San Felipe
Houston, Texas 77056
United States
62 Buckingham Gate
London SW1E 6AJ
United Kingdom
Parkstraat 83
2514 JG The Hague
The Netherlands
www.slb.com
Many of the terms found in this report are defined in the 
award-winning Schlumberger Oilfield Glossary. Launched 
in 1998, this collection of industry terms includes more than 
4,600 entries for oilfield-related activities and technologies. 
The Oilfield Glossary mobile app can be downloaded from 
the Apple App Store. 
Aligned with our environmental efforts, this report is available in PDF format only.